 SECOND
 QUARTER
  REPORT
   2025




F OR TH E P E R I O D E N DE D
      JU NE 3 0 , 20 25
           Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS




This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the ﬁnancial
condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation of Canada
(the Corporation) for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2025
and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements
of the Corporation as at and for the three months and six months ended
June 30, 2025. This document has been ﬁled with the securities regulatory
authorities in each of the provinces and territories of Canada and is available
under the Corporation’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5     1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of
the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are
used with permission.




     2                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
           Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                  PART A




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE A 81




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s current
                                       expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their respective
                                       MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance, financial position and
                                       cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the
                                       reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations,
                                       business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB commenced in 2025, statements concerning deferred taxes, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities and investment strategies of the investment platforms, capital
                                       commitments by the Power group and third parties, the objective to maintain a minimum level of cash and cash equivalents relative to fixed charges, GBL’s intent to grow
                                       and develop its portfolio and third-party asset management activity, the expected impacts of GBL’s investment in SHMI, and the Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed
                                       expectations including Lifeco’s business transformation costs and the timing and completion of its acquisition of De Thomas Wealth Management. Forward-looking
                                       statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”,
                                       “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as
                                       “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts,
                                       predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be
                                       achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and results of the Corporation
                                       and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                                       factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally, fluctuations
                                       in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of local and global equity and capital markets, management of
                                       market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting
                                       policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying
                                       future accounting changes, business competition, operational and reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government administrations,
                                       regulation, legislation and policies, changes in tax laws, the impact of trade relations and ongoing trade tensions, including the threat of tariffs and other governmental
                                       actions, as well as retaliatory actions, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or
                                       an outbreak of a public health pandemic or other public health crises, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions
                                       and implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, and with respect to forward-
                                       looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                       Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
                                       projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, and that strategic transactions, acquisitions,
                                       divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be completed on expected terms, including that any required approvals will be received when and on such terms
                                       as are expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. Other considerations also include the availability of cash to
                                       complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties in the previous paragraph, collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on the
                                       Corporation, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, that the risks identified by such subsidiaries in their
                                       respective MD&A and Annual Information Form are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be
                                       reasonable based on information currently available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
                                       circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or
                                       results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in forward-
                                       looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory
                                       authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Terms by which
                                       non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings)”, “adjusted net earnings
                                       from continuing operations per share (adjusted net earnings per share)”, “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”, “consolidated assets under
                                       management and advisement”, “consolidated assets and assets under administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these financial measures in its
                                       presentation and analysis of the financial performance, financial condition and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they provide additional meaningful
                                       information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other
                                       entities. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to measures prescribed
                                       by IFRS as well as additional details on each measure. Reconciliations of the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet are also included in the section
                                       “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (or adjusted net earnings) represents net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments. In 2024, the
                                       Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS earnings measure. The comparative periods presented herein have been restated to conform with
                                       the current definition. Refer to the Corporation’s 2024 Annual MD&A for additional information.
                                       In the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation enhanced the disclosure of the components of consolidated assets and assets under administration to provide a greater visibility
                                       of the assets managed within the Corporation’s consolidated businesses. The comparative periods have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset investment
                                       platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”, “assets under management
                                       and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing capital”, “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net
                                       carried interest”, “unfunded commitments” and “weighted average management fee rate”. As well, the presentation of the holding company is used to present and analyze
                                       the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company. Refer to the section “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.




                                             A  2                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


AUGUST 7, 2025
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2025. This MD&A should be read in
conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes thereto
for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2025 (the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements), the MD&A
for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Annual MD&A), and the audited consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements). Additional information
relating to Power Corporation, including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the Corporation’s website at
www.powercorporation.com and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERIM MD&A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Lifeco’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Lifeco in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from Lifeco’s website (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Lifeco (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are at
June 30, 2025 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       About the Corporation                                                          Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5   Power Corporation of Canada                                     5          61 Cash Flows                                                  61
                                       6   Group Structure                                                 6          63 Capital Management                                          63
                                       10 Table of Holdings                                                10         66 Risk Management                                             66

                                       11 Financial Highlights                                             11         67 Financial Instruments and Other Instruments                 67

                                                                                                                      68 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                              68

                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                                 68 Contingent Liabilities                                      68
                                       13 Results of Power Corporation                                     13         68 Commitments and Contractual Obligations                     68

                                       14 Consolidated Statements of Earnings                              14
                                       16 Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings           16         Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                      68 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments      68
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                                       68 Changes in Accounting Policies                              68

                                       19 Lifeco                                                           19         69 Future Accounting Changes                                   69

                                       26 IGM Financial                                                    26
                                       31 GBL                                                              31
                                       Other Components                                                               Other
                                       36 Sagard and Power Sustainable                                     36         69 Transactions with Related Parties                           69
                                       50 Other                                                            50         70 Internal Control over Financial Reporting                   70
                                                                                                                      70 Power Financial Corporation                                 70
                                       Financial Position                                                             71 Non-IFRS Financial Measures                                 71

                                       53 Consolidated Balance Sheets                                      53         73 Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures     73

                                       56 Holding Company Balance Sheets                                   56         77 Other Measures                                              77

                                       59 Adjusted Net Asset Value                                         59         80 Summary of Quarterly Results                                80




                                            A  4                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it holds a controlling interest in Lifeco and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the
Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act as an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective;
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles;
  Strong governance oversight; and
  Prudent approach to risk management.

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Holding company levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
    traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, continues to develop its alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at June 30, 2025, which include the operating
                                       subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




                                          In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                          1 Lifeco, through Canada Life, held a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM held a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                          2 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which Mackenzie held an 80% equity interest
                                            and Lifeco held a 20% equity interest.
                                          3 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco has a 48.0% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                          4 Includes a controlling interest in the Portage Ventures Funds and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM.
                                          5 Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                          6 The Corporation held a 47.4% interest in SHMI, and Lifeco and GBL also held interests of 11.8% and 5.2%, respectively. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power
                                            Sustainable”.
                                          7 The Corporation held a 74.7% interest in PSM, and Lifeco also held a 20.8% interest. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.




                                           A  6                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value 1, which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group, as well as show the




                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.


                                                            TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS


                IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                               IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




1 Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
2 Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in the Portage Ventures Funds, Portage Capital Solutions and Wealthsimple.
3 Includes the Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents, other assets and investments held by the holding company and its investments in standalone businesses.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                             A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Lifeco and IGM. It also has significant holdings in a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

                                       LIF ECO
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $47.9 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at June 30,
                                       2025, is a financial services holding company that provides wealth, retirement, workplace benefits and insurance and risk
                                       solutions to its over 40 million customer relationships. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the United States (U.S.) and Europe
                                       under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life.
                                       At June 30, 2025, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.7% and 2.4%, respectively, in Lifeco’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Lifeco voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $10.2 billion at June 30, 2025, is a leading Canadian diversified wealth
                                       and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors globally.
                                       IGM provides a broad range of financial planning and investment management services to help approximately two million
                                       Canadians meet their financial goals. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth Management and
                                       asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to its operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects.
                                       At June 30, 2025, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, held interests of 62.7% and 3.9%, respectively, in
                                       IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At June 30, 2025, Parjointco held a 34.2% indirect (48.0% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a Belgian
                                       holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €9.6 billion at June 30, 2025, is an established investment holding company. As a
                                       leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, direct private and indirect private
                                       investments. GBL Capital conducts the GBL group’s indirect private investment activity which provides additional sources of
                                       diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In addition, GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through GBL Capital
                                       and Sienna Investment Managers.




                                           A  8                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios




                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
in several alternative asset classes principally in North America and Europe. The alternative asset investment platforms offer
alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term investment strategies generally invest
in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset investment strategies include venture
capital, private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At June 30, 2025, the alternative asset investment
platforms had $48.2 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other
Measures”).

S AG AR D
Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit and
real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial partners,
advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds
strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in Canada, the U.S., Europe and the
Middle East. At June 30, 2025, Sagard had $44.2 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The asset management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI). The Corporation,
through Sagard, held a 47.4% controlling interest in SHMI at June 30, 2025 (50.8% at December 31, 2024). Lifeco and GBL also held
interests of 11.8% and 5.2%, respectively, in SHMI at June 30, 2025.

POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across multiple
industries. Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, sustainable cities and
communities and resource efficiency, which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and
employees. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power
Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb PE. At
June 30, 2025, Power Sustainable had $4.0 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The asset management business of Power Sustainable is consolidated under Power Sustainable Manager (PSM). The
Corporation, through Power Sustainable, held a 74.7% controlling interest in PSM at June 30, 2025 (same as at December 31,
2024). Lifeco also held an interest of 20.8% in PSM at June 30, 2025.

Standalone Businesses
The standalone businesses include the Corporation’s controlling interest in LMPG.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF HOLDINGS
                                       At June 30, 2025, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                     % economic
                                       Holdings                                                                          interest          Nature of investment                   Accounting method

                                       Publicly traded operating companies 1
                                          Lifeco 2                                                                            68.7         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                          IGM 3                                                                               62.7         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                  4
                                          GBL                                                                                 17.1         Joint control                          Equity method
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                          Sagard
                                             SHMI 5                                                                           47.4         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                  BEX 6                                                                       45.0         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                        6
                                                  PEM                                                                         38.0         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                  HalseyPoint                                                                 40.0         Joint control                          Equity method
                                                               17
                                             Wealthsimple                                                                     13.7         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Portage Ventures I 1 8                                                           63.0         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                      19
                                             Portage Ventures II                                                              12.4         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Portage Ventures III 10                                                           2.4         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                       11
                                             Portage Ventures IV                                                               5.5         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Portage Capital Solutions 12                                                     29.2         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                13
                                             Sagard Funds                                                                 various          Investment                             Fair value through profit or loss
                                          Power Sustainable
                                             Power Sustainable Manager 14                                                     74.7         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Power Sustainable Energy
                                              Infrastructure Partnership 15                                                   28.9         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Potentia                                                                       100.0          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Nautilus                                                                       100.0          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          LMPG                                                                                49.6         Controlling interest                   Consolidation

                                       1 Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
                                       2 IGM also held a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                       3 Canada Life also held a 3.9% interest in IGM.
                                       4 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco holds a controlling interest in GBL.
                                       5 Lifeco and GBL also held interests of 11.8% and 5.2%, respectively, in SHMI. During the first quarter of 2025, management of Sagard acquired an additional interest of
                                         1.5% in SHMI. At June 30, 2025, management of Sagard held a fully diluted interest of 20.7% in SHMI. SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant to which
                                         certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       6 The Corporation, through Sagard, currently has exercisable options to buy an additional 5.1% equity interest in BEX and a 13.0% equity interest in PEM.
                                       7 Portage Ventures I and IGM also held interests of 10.5% and 30.0%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (see also the section “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power
                                         Sustainable”).
                                       8 Lifeco and IGM also held equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       9 Power Financial held a 7.7% interest, Sagard held a 4.7% interest, and Lifeco and IGM also held equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
                                       10 Lifeco and IGM also held interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       11 Lifeco and IGM also held interests of 13.2% and 2.2%, respectively, in Portage Ventures IV.
                                       12 Lifeco and GBL also held interests of 27.9% and 4.9%, respectively, in Portage Capital Solutions.
                                       13 The Corporation holds a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Lifeco and GBL also hold investments in certain of these funds. Refer to the section
                                          “Asset Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
                                       14 At June 30, 2025, management of Power Sustainable held a 4.5% interest in PSM. Lifeco also held an interest of 20.8% in PSM. PSM also has a long-term incentive program
                                          pursuant to which certain key members of management may receive, in the future, compensation in the form of equity of PSM vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       15 Lifeco also held a 13.0% interest in PSEIP.




                                             A  10                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                Three months ended         Six months ended
                                                                                                        June 30,          March 31,       June 30,   June 30,      June 30,
(in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                                         2025                2025           2024      2025           2024

Net earnings 1                                                                                              772                689           730      1,461         1,439
Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                                                   772                689           730      1,461         1,488
                                                                   12
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                            883                787           739      1,670         1,449

Per share – basic 1
   Net earnings                                                                                             1.20               1.07          1.12      2.27          2.21
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                  1.20               1.07          1.12      2.27          2.29
   Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 3                                                       1.38               1.22          1.14      2.60          2.23

Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                             0.6125             0.6125         0.5625     1.2250        1.1250
                      4
Dividend yield                                                                                              4.6%               4.8%          5.9%

Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                                     868                855           791
                                                                                  2
Total consolidated assets under management and advisement (in billions)                                   1,307              1,273         1,174
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration 2 (in billions)                                 3,643              3,584         3,221

Adjusted net asset value 1 2                                                                            41,564             44,336         32,746
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                      23,043             23,199         21,749

Per share 1
   Adjusted net asset value 3                                                                             64.76              68.99         50.48
                  5
   Book value                                                                                             35.90              36.10         33.53

Market capitalization 6                                                                                 34,139             32,699         24,664

Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
   Ending                                                                                                 53.19              50.88         38.02      53.19         38.02
   High                                                                                                   54.20              51.74         40.59      54.20         40.59
   Low                                                                                                    47.05              41.88         35.83      41.88         35.83

Number of participating shares outstanding
   End of period                                                                                          641.8              642.7         648.7      641.8         648.7
   Average                                                                                                642.1              643.0         649.4      642.6         650.0
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
2 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
3 Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
4 Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of
  a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.
5 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
6 Represents the closing price of a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period multiplied by the aggregate of Subordinate Voting Shares and Participating
  Preferred Shares outstanding.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                               A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                                                              Three months ended                           Six months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                   June 30,           March 31,              June 30,           June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                     2025                 2025                  2024               2025               2024

                                       Lifeco 1                                                                                        790                  703                  708             1,493              1,374
                                       IGM 1                                                                                           158                  149                  137               307                277
                                       GBL                                                                                              (15)                   3                  21               (12)                75
                                                                                        2
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                           (9)                 (5)                (13)              (14)                (28)
                                       Publicly traded operating companies                                                             924                  850                  853             1,774              1,698


                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                      93                   34                   (1)             127                 (31)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                              (2)                 (5)                (26)                (7)               (49)
                                                                                                                                     1,015                  879                  826             1,894              1,618
                                       Corporate operations and Other 3                                                               (132)                  (92)                (87)             (224)              (169)
                                                                   45
                                       Adjusted net earnings                                                                           883                  787                 739             1,670               1,449
                                       Adjustments 6                                                                                  (111)                  (98)                  (9)            (209)                39
                                                       4
                                       Net earnings                                                                                    772                  689                 730             1,461               1,488
                                       1 Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
                                       3 Includes the contribution to adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, as well as corporate operations, which includes operating expenses,
                                         financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate operations and Other“
                                         below.
                                       4 Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       5 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       6 Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.




                                             A  12                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION

This section presents:




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in accordance with IFRS”; and
  The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and GBL, which are held through
    Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and standalone businesses,
    as well as the contribution from the corporate operations and other to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of
    Power Corporation. A discussion of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows
    in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.
Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.


BASIS OF PRESENTATION
IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34), and are presented in Canadian dollars.
The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
Lifeco, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures Funds, which are controlled by Power Financial. Power Financial’s
investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly controlled by Power Financial and the
Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
relevant activities of the fund. Management of the Corporation determines whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent
when the Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund. The Corporation determines that
it is a principal when it has sufficient capital invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the decisions
of the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager and considers the rights held by other investors, including their ability
to remove the fund manager.

Presentation of the Holding Company
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s investments
in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition to the asset
management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The Corporation
evaluates its performance based on the operating segment’s contribution to earnings.
The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
investments in Lifeco, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments,
debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash Flows”
present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 20 of
the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
                                       Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2025 are
                                       presented below. The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       These tables reflect the contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from
                                       its reportable segments and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which
                                       include controlled and consolidated investment funds and investments, and the Corporation’s standalone businesses.
                                       Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                                                                  Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                        investment
                                                                                                                           Holding platforms and                 Effect of                    Power Corporation
                                                                                        Lifeco        IGM         GBL     company           Other 1        consolidation 2                 Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                      June 30,      March 31,          June 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                        2025            2025              2024
                                       Insurance service result
                                          Insurance revenue                            5,551            −           −             −                   −                   −             5,551          5,486            5,273
                                          Insurance service expenses                  (4,315)           −           −             −                   −                   −            (4,315)        (4,276)          (4,057)
                                          Net expense from
                                            reinsurance contracts                       (379)           −           −             −                   −                   −              (379)          (430)            (385)
                                       Total insurance service result                    857            −           −             −                   −                   −               857            780              831
                                       Net investment result
                                         Net investment income (loss) 3                3,253           11           −           (18)               300                   (2)            3,544          3,875            1,700
                                         Net investment result from
                                            insurance activities 4                    (2,850)           −           −             −                   −                   −            (2,850)        (3,173)            (896)
                                       Total net investment result                       403           11           −           (18)               300                   (2)              694            702              804
                                       Fee income and other revenues                   1,948         904            −             −                455                 (52)             3,255          3,169            2,935
                                       Operating and
                                         administrative expenses                      (2,177)       (623)           −           (52)              (690)                 46             (3,496)        (3,230)          (2,907)
                                       Financing charges                                (101)         (32)          −           (14)                (65)                 (3)             (215)          (218)            (202)
                                       Earnings before investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations
                                        and associates, and
                                        income taxes                                     930         260            −           (84)                  −                (11)             1,095          1,203            1,461
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of
                                        investments in jointly
                                        controlled corporations and
                                        associates                                         20          60         (15)            −                160                 (17)               208            115               73
                                       Earnings before income taxes                      950         320          (15)          (84)               160                 (28)             1,303          1,318            1,534
                                       Income tax expense (recovery)                       30          71           −             1                   9                   2               113            196              305
                                       Net earnings                                      920         249          (15)          (85)               151                 (30)             1,190          1,122            1,229
                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                      293           97           −            34                  11                (30)               405            420              486
                                          Non-participating
                                            shareholders                                    −           −           −            13                   −                   −                 13            13               13
                                          Participating shareholders of
                                            Power Corporation 2                          627         152          (15)        (132)                140                    −               772            689              730
                                                                                         920         249          (15)          (85)               151                 (30)             1,190          1,122            1,229
                                       1 Alternative asset investment platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
                                         as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
                                         businesses.
                                       2 The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
                                         of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
                                         company.
                                       3 Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       4 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.




                                             A  14                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated Net Earnings – Six months ended
                                                                                                             Alternative asset
                                                                                                                   investment




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and                Effect of      Power Corporation
                                                        Lifeco            IGM            GBL        company            Other 1         consolidation 2   Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                            June 30,        June 30,
                                                                                                                                                               2025            2024
Insurance service result
   Insurance revenue                                 11,037                 −              −                −                      −               −        11,037          10,523
   Insurance service expenses                        (8,591)                −              −                −                      −               −        (8,591)         (8,124)
   Net expense from
     reinsurance contracts                              (809)               −              −                −                      −               −          (809)           (771)
Total insurance service result                        1,637                 −              −                −                      −               −         1,637           1,628
Net investment result
  Net investment income (loss) 3                      6,839                19              −                4                572                 (15)        7,419           2,883
  Net investment result from
     insurance activities 4                          (6,023)                −              −                −                      −               −        (6,023)         (1,091)
Total net investment result                              816               19              −                4                572                 (15)        1,396           1,792
Fee income and other revenues                         3,859            1,801               −                −                868               (104)         6,424           5,664
Operating and
  administrative expenses                            (4,108)          (1,247)              −            (105)             (1,365)                 99        (6,726)         (5,807)
Financing charges                                       (204)             (64)             −             (27)               (132)                 (6)         (433)           (403)
Earnings before investments in
 jointly controlled corporations
 and associates, and
 income taxes                                         2,000              509               −            (128)                 (57)               (26)        2,298           2,874
Share of earnings (losses) of
 investments in jointly
 controlled corporations and
 associates                                               28             116              10                −                214                 (45)          323             137
Earnings before income taxes                          2,028              625              10            (128)                157                 (71)        2,621           3,011
Income tax expense (recovery)                            187             141               −                1                 (24)                 4           309             539
Net earnings – continuing
 operations                                           1,841              484              10            (129)                181                 (75)        2,312           2,472
Net loss – discontinued
 operations                                                 −               −              −                −                      −               −              −           (115)
Net gain – disposal of
 discontinued operations                                    −               −              −                −                      −               −              −              44
Net earnings                                          1,841              484              10            (129)                181                 (75)        2,312           2,401
Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                             634             185               −              69                   12                (75)          825             936
   Non-participating
     shareholders                                           −               −              −              26                       −               −             26              26
   Participating shareholders of
     Power Corporation 2                              1,207              299              10            (224)                169                   −         1,461           1,439
                                                      1,841              484              10            (129)                181                 (75)        2,312           2,401
1 Alternative asset investment platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
  as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
  businesses.
2 The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
  of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset investment platforms
  and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
  company.
3 Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
4 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.



As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM and GBL is
provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
                                       This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
                                       participating shareholders from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, standalone businesses,
                                       and the corporate operations and other.
                                                                                                                                                              Three months ended                           Six months ended
                                                                                                                                   June 30,           March 31,              June 30,           June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                     2025                 2025                  2024               2025               2024

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 1
                                       Lifeco 2                                                                                        790                  703                  708             1,493              1,374
                                       IGM 2                                                                                           158                  149                  137               307                277
                                       GBL                                                                                              (15)                   3                  21               (12)                75
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM 3                                                         (9)                 (5)                (13)              (14)                (28)
                                                                                                                                       924                  850                  853             1,774              1,698
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                      93                   34                   (1)             127                 (31)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                              (2)                 (5)                (26)                (7)               (49)
                                       Corporate operations and Other 4                                                               (132)                  (92)                (87)             (224)              (169)
                                                                                                                                       883                  787                 739             1,670               1,449
                                                       5
                                       Adjustments
                                       Lifeco 2                                                                                       (175)                (116)                 (22)             (291)                14
                                             2
                                       IGM                                                                                                (4)                 (2)                  (2)               (6)                (3)
                                       GBL                                                                                                −                   22                    −               22                   −
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                          19                   (2)                  (2)              17                  (5)
                                                                                                                                      (160)                  (98)                (26)             (258)                  6
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                      49                  (12)                  (4)              37                 21
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                              −                   12                  21                12                 12
                                                                                                                                      (111)                 (98)                   (9)            (209)                39
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 6
                                       Lifeco 2                                                                                        615                  587                  686             1,202              1,388
                                       IGM 2                                                                                           154                  147                  135               301                274
                                             2
                                       GBL                                                                                              (15)                  25                  21                10                 75
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                          10                   (7)                (15)                 3                (33)
                                                                                                                                       764                  752                  827             1,516              1,704
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                    142                    22                   (5)             164                 (10)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                              (2)                  7                   (5)                5                (37)
                                                                               4
                                       Corporate operations and Other                                                                 (132)                  (92)                (87)             (224)              (169)
                                                                                                                                       772                  689                 730             1,461               1,488
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                          −                    −                    −                −                 (49)
                                       Net earnings 6                                                                                  772                  689                 730             1,461               1,439
                                       1 Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings) is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. For a
                                         reconciliation of Lifeco, IGM, and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings and the contribution to adjusted net earnings from
                                         GBL and standalone businesses, refer to the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”, “GBL”, “Sagard and Power Sustainable” and “Standalone Businesses” in the section “Review
                                         of Segments and Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of each.
                                       2 Contribution to net and adjusted net earnings based on earnings reported by Lifeco and IGM. Contribution to net earnings based on earnings reported by GBL.
                                       3 See the table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       4 Includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, as well as corporate operations, which includes
                                         operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate
                                         operations and Other“ below.
                                       5 See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       6 Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                             A  16                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                          Three months ended                         Six months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                               June 30,           March 31,            June 30,             June 30,         June 30,
                                                                                                 2025                 2025                2024                 2025             2024
Earnings per share – basic 1
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                  1.38                 1.22               1.14                2.60              2.23
Adjustments                                                                                      (0.18)               (0.15)             (0.02)              (0.33)             0.06
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                           1.20                 1.07               1.12                2.27              2.29
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                             −                    −                 −                   −             (0.08)
Net earnings                                                                                      1.20                 1.07               1.12                2.27              2.21
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.


EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
Effect of consolidation reflects:
   The elimination of intercompany transactions; and
   The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership to the reported net
      earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
         i)   An adjustment related to Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI; and
         ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, the Portage Ventures Funds and
              Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Lifeco and IGM based on their respective interest.
The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Lifeco and IGM:
                                                                                                                          Three months ended                         Six months ended
                                                                                               June 30,            March 31,            June 30,            June 30,         June 30,
                                                                                                 2025                  2025                2024                2025             2024
Lifeco                                                                                                 5                   (5)             (15)                  −                (23)
IGM 1                                                                                               (14)                   −                  2                (14)                (5)
                                                                                                      (9)                  (5)             (13)                (14)               (28)
1 The second quarter of 2025 includes a charge of $14 million related to IGM’s share of the carried interest payable due to the increase in fair value of the investment held
  in Wealthsimple through a limited partnership managed by Sagard.




                        Q2 2025 vs. Q2 2024 and Q1 2025                                                                        Year-to-date 2025 vs. 2024

Net earnings
$772 million or $1.20 per share, compared with $730 million or                               $1,461 million or $2.27 per share, compared with $1,439 million or
$1.12 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                             $2.21 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
of 7.1% on a per share basis, and $689 million or $1.07 per share in                         of 2.7% on a per share basis.
the first quarter of 2025.
Net earnings from continuing operations
$772 million or $1.20 per share, compared with $730 million or                               $1,461 million or $2.27 per share, compared with $1,488 million or
$1.12 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                             $2.29 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease
of 7.1% on a per share basis, and $689 million or $1.07 per share in                         of 0.9% on a per share basis.
the first quarter of 2025.
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
$883 million or $1.38 per share, compared with $739 million or                               $1,670 million or $2.60 per share, compared with $1,449 million or
$1.14 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                             $2.23 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
of 21.1% on a per share basis, and $787 million or $1.22 per share                           of 16.6% on a per share basis.
in the first quarter of 2025.
Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations from Lifeco, IGM and GBL
Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of          Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of
$764 million, compared with $827 million in the corresponding       $1,516 million, compared with $1,704 million in the corresponding
period in 2024, a decrease of 7.6%, and $752 million in the first   period in 2024, a decrease of 11.0%.
quarter of 2025.
Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                             Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
of $924 million, compared with $853 million in the corresponding                             of $1,774 million, compared with $1,698 million in the
period in 2024, an increase of 8.3%, and $850 million in the first                           corresponding period in 2024, an increase of 4.5%.
quarter of 2025.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Main Drivers of Earnings
                                       NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S FROM CONTINU ING OPERATIONS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 increased by $42 million or 5.8% and
                                       adjusted net earnings increased by $144 million or 19.5% from the corresponding quarter in 2024:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings decreased by $71 million or 10.3% and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                           increased by $82 million or 11.6%.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $19 million or 14.1%, and by $21 million or
                                           15.3%, respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of negative $15 million, compared with a contribution to net
                                           earnings and adjusted net earnings of $21 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a positive contribution
                                           of $106 million from Sagard and a positive contribution of $36 million from Power Sustainable in the second quarter of
                                           2025, compared with a positive contribution of $27 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $32 million from
                                           Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings (asset management and investing
                                           activities) include a positive contribution of $106 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $13 million from
                                           Power Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $27 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of
                                           $28 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2024.
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings for the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 decreased by $27 million or 1.8% and adjusted
                                       net earnings increased by $221 million or 15.3% from the corresponding period in 2024:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings decreased by $186 million or 13.4% and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                           increased by $119 million or 8.7%.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $27 million or 9.9%, and by $30 million or
                                           10.8%, respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of $10 million and to adjusted net earnings of negative $12 million in the six-month
                                           period ended June 30, 2025, compared with a contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of $75 million in the
                                           corresponding period in 2024.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a positive contribution
                                           of $143 million from Sagard and a positive contribution of $21 million from Power Sustainable in the six-month period
                                           ended June 30, 2025, compared with a positive contribution of $32 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of
                                           $42 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings (asset management and
                                           investing activities) include a positive contribution of $143 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $16 million
                                           from Power Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $32 million from Sagard and a negative contribution
                                           of $63 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding period in 2024.

                                       A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM
                                       Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.
                                       For additional discussion of the results of Lifeco and IGM, refer to Parts B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.




                                           A  18                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS




                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES

Lifeco

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
and asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe under the
brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Lifeco has four major reportable segments: the United
States, Canada, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. In the first quarter of 2025, Lifeco updated its lines of business,
previously referred to as value drivers, and made certain other segment changes; refer to the discussion “2025 Developments”
below. Lifeco focuses on four key lines of business that extend across its reportable operating segments: Retirement (serves
the retirement needs of customers, primarily through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships); Wealth (advice-enabled
wealth management solutions for retail customers including retail savings and wealth products); Group Benefits (serves the
insurance needs of customers primarily through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships including Group Life & Health,
and other group businesses); and Insurance & Risk Solutions (including life insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage
for individuals, and payout annuities for individuals and pension plans as well as reinsurance).
The United States segment is operated by Empower through the Empower Workplace and the Empower Wealth business
units. The Empower Workplace business unit, which aligns with the Retirement line of business, specializes in saving, investing
and advisory services through employer-sponsored defined contribution, defined benefit and non-qualified plans. The
Empower Wealth business unit provides extensive retail wealth management products and services tailored to individuals
and offers individual retirement accounts, after-tax investment accounts, high-net-worth wealth management and an array of
financial planning solutions integrating digitally advanced tools and platforms. The United States segment also includes an
allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s Corporate results and the results of Putnam, classified as discontinued operations in 2024.
The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
individuals, families, businesses and organizations through four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits
and Insurance and Annuities and includes an allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s Corporate results. Through the Retirement
business unit, Lifeco offers group retirement and investment product lines, including retirement savings and income and
annuity products. Through the Wealth business unit, Canada Life provides wealth savings and income products and services
to individual customers. Through the Group Benefits business unit, Canada Life offers group life and health benefits and
group product lines, including life, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental
protection, creditor insurance, and other speciality products to group clients in Canada. The Insurance & Annuities business
unit offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services, as well as individual life annuities and
single-premium group annuities.
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
along with other acquired brands within the intermediary and wealth markets in Ireland and includes an allocation of a portion
of Lifeco’s Corporate results. The Retirement business unit includes group retirement and employee benefit consulting
services in Ireland, and the Group Benefits business unit consists of group life and health insurance business in the U.K. and
Ireland. The Wealth business unit consists of investment products offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment
products offered in Ireland and pension products offered in Germany. The core products offered are investments, including
life bonds, retirement drawdown and pension. The Insurance & Annuities business unit consists of bulk and individual payout
annuities offered in the U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual protection insurance
offered in Ireland and Germany.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions line of
business, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided through
Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or
through reinsurance brokers. In June 2025, Lifeco announced that the Capital and Risk Solutions segment will cease new
business for its U.S. traditional life mortality risk reinsurance line of business in order to increase focus on core markets of
structured solutions, longevity reinsurance and catastrophe retrocession.
The Corporate business unit includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not directly associated with the major
business units, including certain overhead expenses, financing charges and related taxes, the results of PanAgora Asset
Management (PanAgora), dividend income from shareholdings of Franklin Templeton, and the results of the U.S. insurance
portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by
Protective Life Insurance Company, as well as a closed life retrocession block and guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit
(GLWB) product.
See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Lifeco.



                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2025 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Disclosure Enhancements: In the first quarter of 2025, Lifeco updated its disclosures to provide enhanced information for
                                       analysts, investors and other stakeholders and accordingly has restated the comparative results for 2024 to conform with the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       updated segment and line of business classifications as noted below. There was no change to total Lifeco adjusted net
                                       earnings or net earnings on a consolidated basis as a result of these reclassifications. For additional information, refer to the
                                       section “Summary of Earnings Reclassifications” in Part B of this MD&A. Amongst other enhancements, those related to
                                       Lifeco’s segmented operating results include:
                                         Separating Workplace Solutions – Separated the current Workplace Solutions line of business results into Retirement and
                                           Group Benefits to provide greater clarity on the distinct drivers of earnings growth for each business. Within the Group
                                           Benefits line of business, key metrics are presented by Lifeco separately for group insurance and administrative services only
                                           (ASO) products.
                                         Reclassifying certain expenses, financing charges and related taxes – Reclassified certain expenses, financing charges, and
                                           related taxes and other items that are not directly associated with the Company's operating segments to the Corporate
                                           segment. This change will better reflect the performance of each of Lifeco’s operating segments on a standalone basis.
                                         Reclassification of certain businesses or results previously attributed to the United States segment – Reclassified results of
                                           PanAgora, Franklin Templeton shareholdings, legacy insurance portfolios and GLWB product previously attributed to the
                                           United States segment to the Corporate segment. This change will better highlight the results of Empower and exclude
                                           results that are not part of Empower's primary business going forward.
                                         More granular assets under administration disclosures – Enhanced disclosure of the components of total assets under
                                           administration including assets under management and advisement and assets under administration only, the total of which
                                           is total client assets. Total client assets, when combined with other balance sheet assets, equals total assets under
                                           administration. This change provides greater visibility into the scale of wealth management and higher value-added
                                           solutions within Lifeco’s portfolio.
                                       Business Transformation Costs: As previously announced, within the next three years, Lifeco plans to incur an estimated
                                       $250 million to $300 million of after-tax business transformation costs, through investment in modernized technology
                                       platforms, and retiring legacy systems as well as enhancing productivity through increased automation and leveraging a
                                       global workplace. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, Lifeco has incurred or provisioned for a net of $131 million
                                       after-tax of business transformation costs, of which $121 million after-tax was recorded in the second quarter of 2025.
                                       Acquisition of De Thomas Wealth Management: On July 22, 2025, subsequent to quarter-end, Lifeco announced that
                                       Investment Planning Counsel entered into an agreement to acquire the wealth assets of De Thomas Wealth Management, an
                                       independent wealth firm. This acquisition is expected to fortify Lifeco’s position within the Canadian wealth management
                                       sector and underscores its commitment to improved experiences for both advisors and clients. The transaction is expected
                                       to close in September 2025, subject to customary closing conditions including regulatory approvals, and is expected to add
                                       $2.7 billion of assets under administration and 40 advisors.




                                           A  20                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


R ES U LTS
Contribution to Power Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           Three months ended              Six months ended
                                                                                                  June 30,         March 31,         June 30,   June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                    2025               2025             2024       2025               2024
Average direct ownership (%)                                                                         68.7               68.3            68.1      68.5                68.1
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                             627                580            670      1,207              1,359
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                    795                698            693      1,493              1,351

Dividend received                                                                                                                                  775                706

                                                                                                                                                June 30,      December 31,
As at                                                                                                                                              2025             2024
Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in Lifeco, carrying value                                                                                                          17,253             17,108
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                               59.7                59.6

   Investment in Lifeco, fair value                                                                                                             32,910             30,292
   % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                               69.4                67.7



Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                          Three months ended               Six months ended
                                                                                                  June 30,          March 31,        June 30,   June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                    2025                2025            2024       2025               2024

Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
   Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
        As reported by Lifeco                                                                         790                703            708      1,493              1,374
        Effect of consolidation 1                                                                        5                  (5)         (15)          −                 (23)
                                                                                                      795                698            693      1,493              1,351
   Adjustments
        As reported by Lifeco                                                                        (175)              (116)           (22)       (291)                14
        Effect of consolidation 2                                                                        7                  (2)           (1)         5                  (6)
                                                                                                     (168)              (118)           (23)       (286)                  8
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                            627                580            670      1,207              1,359
   Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                             −                   −            −           −                 (48)
   Net earnings                                                                                       627                580            670      1,207              1,311
1 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common ownership including an adjustment for Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                         Three months ended              Six months ended
                                                                                                June 30,           March 31,        June 30,     June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                  2025                 2025            2024         2025              2024

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 1 2                                                1.24               1.11            1.11        2.35               2.16
Adjustments 3                                                                                      (0.28)             (0.19)          (0.03)      (0.46)              0.02
Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                                           0.96               0.92            1.08        1.89               2.18
                1
Net earnings                                                                                        0.96               0.92            1.08        1.89               2.11
1 Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
2 Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A.
3 See the section “Adjustments” below.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                                                                  Three months ended                        Six months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                       June 30,          March 31,               June 30,          June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                                                         2025                2025                   2024              2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                                               (restated) 1                        (restated) 1

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 2 3
                                          United States                                                                                    341                 365                  335               706               637
                                          Canada                                                                                           375                 316                  360               691               700
                                          Europe                                                                                           262                 239                  236               501               462
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                       229                 213                  199               442               404
                                          Corporate                                                                                        (58)               (103)                  (92)            (161)             (187)
                                                                                                                                        1,149                1,030                1,038             2,179             2,016
                                       Adjustments 4
                                          Market experience relative to expectations 5                                                    (104)                 (91)                  28             (195)              135
                                          Assumption changes and management actions 5                                                        (3)                (32)                  39              (35)               38
                                          Other non-market related impacts 6                                                              (148)                 (47)               (100)             (195)             (153)
                                                                                                                                          (255)               (170)                  (33)            (425)               20
                                                                                             2
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations
                                          United States                                                                                    305                 338                  281               643               523
                                          Canada                                                                                           255                 301                  373               556               764
                                          Europe                                                                                           126                 167                  231               293               447
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                       194                 184                  164               378               434
                                          Corporate                                                                                         14                (130)                  (44)            (116)             (132)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 2                                                           894                 860                1,005             1,754             2,036
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                              −                   −                    −                −              (115)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations – Putnam                                             −                   −                    −                −                44
                                       Net earnings 2                                                                                      894                 860                1,005             1,754             1,965
                                       1 In the first quarter of 2025, Lifeco made disclosure enhancements to the segment and line of business classifications and has restated the comparative results for 2024 to
                                         conform with the current presentation. For additional information, refer to the section “Summary of Earnings Reclassifications” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       2 Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
                                       3 Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by segment.
                                       4 See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Lifeco; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
                                       5 Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.
                                       6 Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
                                         intangible assets and tax legislative changes and other tax impacts.



                                                               Q2 2025 vs. Q2 2024 and Q1 2025                                                                        Year-to-date 2025 vs. 2024

                                       Net earnings
                                       $894 million or $0.96 per share, compared with $1,005 million or                             $1,754 million or $1.89 per share, compared with $1,965 million or
                                       $1.08 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease                              $2.11 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease
                                       of 11.1% on a per share basis, and $860 million or $0.92 per share                           of 10.4% on a per share basis.
                                       in the first quarter of 2025.
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $894 million or $0.96 per share, compared with $1,005 million or                             $1,754 million or $1.89 per share, compared with $2,036 million or
                                       $1.08 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease                              $2.18 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease
                                       of 11.1% on a per share basis, and $860 million or $0.92 per share                           of 13.3% on a per share basis.
                                       in the first quarter of 2025.
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $1,149 million or $1.24 per share, compared with $1,038 million or                           $2,179 million or $2.35 per share, compared with $2,016 million or
                                       $1.11 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                             $2.16 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
                                       of 11.7% on a per share basis, and $1,030 million or $1.11 per                               of 8.8% on a per share basis.
                                       share in the first quarter of 2025.




                                             A  22                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


UNITED STATES (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
Net earnings from continuing operations in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 increased by US$17 million
(C$24 million) to US$222 million (C$305 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
were US$247 million (C$341 million) in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, an increase of US$3 million
(C$6 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
  An increase in fee income driven by higher equity markets and growth in the business;
 Partially offset by:
  A non-recurring fee income adjustment related to the acquired Prudential business in 2024;
  Additional expenses for Wealth business growth and negative credit-related impacts; and
  Higher paid crediting rates resulting in lower spread income.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative US$25 million
(C$36 million), compared with negative US$39 million (C$54 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in
negative Adjustments was primarily due to lower restructuring and integration expenses as well as less unfavourable market
experience relative to expectations.
Net earnings from continuing operations in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 increased by US$74 million
(C$120 million) to US$459 million (C$643 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings
were US$502 million (C$706 million) in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, an increase of US$33 million
(C$69 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the same reasons explained in the three-
month period above.
Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative US$43 million
(C$63 million), compared with negative US$84 million (C$114 million) in the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to
the same reasons explained in the three-month period above.

CANADA
Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 decreased by $118 million to $255 million, compared with the
corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 were $375 million, an
increase of $15 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
  Favourable life and long-term disability experience in Group Benefits; and
  Higher net fee income in Retirement, as well as higher asset-based fee income in Wealth driven by asset growth;
 Partially offset by:
  Unfavourable individual mortality experience;
  Lower contractual service margin (CSM) recognized for services provided driven by assumption changes in 2024; and
  Lower earnings on surplus.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $120 million,
compared with Adjustments of positive $13 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, driven by the restructuring provision
of $134 million recorded in the quarter. Market experience relative to expectations was positive $25 million in the second
quarter of 2025, comparable with the corresponding quarter in 2024, as favourable public equity experience and more
favourable impacts of risk-free interest rates were offset by relatively unfavourable impacts from portfolio credit spreads.
Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 decreased by $208 million to $556 million, compared with the
corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 were $691 million, a
decrease of $9 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to:
  Unfavourable individual mortality experience;
  Lower CSM recognized for services provided driven by assumption changes in 2024; and
  Lower earnings on surplus;
 Partially offset by:
  Higher net fee income in Retirement and Wealth driven by strong asset growth; and
  Favourable long-term disability experience and organic growth in Group Benefits.
Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $135 million,
compared with Adjustments of positive $64 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The increase in negative
Adjustments was primarily due to the restructuring provision recorded in the second quarter of 2025 and less favourable
impacts of risk-free interest rates.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       EUROPE
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 decreased by $105 million to $126 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 were $262 million, an




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       increase of $26 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Higher Wealth fee income resulting from asset growth, higher U.K. trading activity, favourable claims and group risk
                                           experience in Ireland; and
                                         Positive experience from profit-sharing arrangements, as well as the impact of currency movement;
                                         Partially offset by adverse group benefits experience in the U.K. due to elevated mortality claims.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $136 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $5 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Market experience relative to
                                       expectations was negative $110 million, compared with positive $8 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily
                                       due to reductions in property market values and the impact of reductions in longer-term risk-free interest rates and credit
                                       spreads in the U.K.
                                       Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 decreased by $154 million to $293 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 were $501 million, an
                                       increase of $39 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Higher Wealth fee income resulting from assets under management growth;
                                         Higher CSM recognized for services provided driven by business growth and assumption changes in 2024;
                                         Favourable claims and group risk experience in Ireland; and
                                         Positive experience from profit-sharing arrangements, as well as the impact of currency movement;
                                         Partially offset by adverse group benefits experience in the U.K. and lower earnings on surplus.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $208 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $15 million in the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the same reasons
                                       explained in the three-month period above. Assumption changes and management actions were negative $24 million,
                                       compared with negative $2 million in the corresponding period in 2024. For additional information, refer to the section
                                       “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.

                                       CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 increased by $30 million to $194 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 were $229 million, an
                                       increase of $30 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, driven by business growth and improved claims
                                       experience.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $35 million,
                                       comparable with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjustments in the second quarter of 2025 were primarily due to interest
                                       rate movements relative to expectations and restructuring costs. The second quarter of 2024 excluded a charge of $27 million
                                       related to the retroactive application of the global minimum tax (GMT) from adjusted net earnings.
                                       Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 decreased by $56 million to $378 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 were $442 million, an
                                       increase of $38 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to business growth.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $64 million, compared
                                       with Adjustments of positive $30 million in the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to interest rate movements
                                       relative to expectations.




                                           A  24                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS
Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings from continuing operations in the determination of adjusted net earnings
by Lifeco’s management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Lifeco’s operating segments.




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
In the first and second quarters of 2025, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $425 million after tax consist of:
     In the second quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $255 million, which consisted of business
       transformation impacts 1 of negative $121 million after tax (negative $181 million pre-tax), market experience relative to
       expectations of negative $104 million after tax (negative $116 million pre-tax), assumption changes and management
       actions of negative $3 million after tax (negative $5 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related finite life
       intangibles of negative $38 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax), partially offset by a positive impact from tax
       legislative changes and other tax impacts of $11 million.
     In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $170 million, which consisted of market experience
       relative to expectations of negative $91 million after tax (negative $113 million pre-tax), assumption changes and
       management actions of negative $32 million after tax (negative $42 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related
       finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax), and business transformation impacts of
       negative $10 million after tax (negative $13 million pre-tax).
In the first and second quarters of 2024, Adjustments with a net positive earnings impact of $20 million after tax consisted of:
     In the second quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $33 million, which consisted of business
       transformation impacts of negative $29 million after tax (negative $35 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related
       finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $52 million pre-tax), and a negative impact from tax
       legislative changes 2 of $34 million, partially offset by market experience relative to expectations of positive $28 million
       after tax (positive $45 million pre-tax), and assumption changes and management actions of positive $39 million after tax
       (positive $1 million pre-tax).
     In the first quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net positive impact of $53 million, which consisted of market experience
       relative to expectations of positive $107 million after tax (positive $136 million pre-tax) and a positive impact from tax
       legislative changes and other tax impacts 2 of $34 million, partially offset by assumption changes and management actions
       of negative $1 million after tax (positive $3 million pre-tax), business transformation impacts of negative $49 million after
       tax (negative $67 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $38 million
       after tax (negative $50 million pre-tax). 1

The information above has been derived from Lifeco’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A for
additional information on Lifeco’s interim results. Lifeco’s interim and most recent annual MD&A are available under its profile
on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




1     Includes the provision releases related to unclaimed deposits from current and former shareholders related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial Corporation,
      recorded in the Corporate segment.
2     The GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024, retroactive to January 1, 2024. The negative impact recognized in the second quarter of 2024 included a
      $34 million retroactive impact for the first quarter of 2024 as a result of Canada’s enactment of legislation in the second quarter. The adjusted net earnings for the first
      quarter of 2024 have been presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024, reflecting the impact to adjusted net earnings
      of $34 million. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for further details.


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                  A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       IGM Financial

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
                                       institutional investors globally. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset
                                       manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to the operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments: Wealth Management, Asset
                                       Management, and Corporate and Other.
                                       The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
                                       focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
                                       of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer,
                                       mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management
                                       provides clients with personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning, insurance and mortgage services and
                                       professionally managed investment solutions. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from its competition by offering
                                       comprehensive planning to its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also includes the investment
                                       management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management
                                       services, as well as IGM’s strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an associate) and Wealthsimple
                                       (classified by IGM as an investment at FVOCI).
                                       The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                                       providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
                                       investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
                                       advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
                                       Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
                                       related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and multiple distribution channels.
                                       Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This segment
                                       also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are both classified as an investment in an
                                       associate.
                                       The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Lifeco and the Portage Ventures
                                       Funds (refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination
                                       entries.
                                       See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended                           Six months ended
                                                                                                                         June 30,          March 31,             June 30,            June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                           2025                2025                 2024                2025               2024
                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                         62.7                62.5                 62.5              62.6               62.3
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                             152                 147                 136                299                270
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                    144                 149                 139                293                272

                                       Dividend received                                                                                                                                166                166

                                                                                                                                                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                            2025             2024
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                                            4,144              4,094
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                             14.3               14.3


                                         Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                                6,364              6,792
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                              13.4               15.2




                                               A  26                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                             Three months ended          Six months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                   June 30,           March 31,        June 30,   June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                     2025                 2025            2024       2025              2024
Contribution to Power Corporation’s
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
     As reported by IGM 1                                                                              158                 149            137        307               277
     Effect of consolidation 2                                                                          (14)                   −             2        (14)               (5)
                                                                                                       144                 149            139        293               272
   Adjustments
     As reported by IGM                                                                                   (4)                 (2)           (2)        (6)               (3)
     Effect of consolidation 3                                                                           12                    −            (1)       12                  1
                                                                                                           8                  (2)           (3)         6                (2)
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                             152                 147            136        299               270
   Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
     Effect of consolidation 4                                                                             −                   −             −          −                (1)
   Net earnings                                                                                        152                 147            136        299               269
1 Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
2 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common ownership including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
3 Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.
4 Represents IGM’s share of the discontinued operations of Lifeco.




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                             Three months ended          Six months ended
                                                                                                   June 30,           March 31,        June 30,   June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                     2025                 2025            2024       2025              2024
Adjusted net earnings 1 2                                                                              1.07                1.00           0.93      2.06              1.87
Adjustments 3 4                                                                                       (0.03)              (0.02)         (0.02)    (0.04)            (0.02)
Net earnings 1                                                                                         1.04                0.98           0.91      2.02              1.85
1 Available to IGM common shareholders.
2 Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
3 See the section “Adjustments” below.
4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                             Three months ended          Six months ended
                                                                                                    June 30,          March 31,        June 30,   June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                      2025                2025            2024       2025              2024
Wealth Management 1                                                                                     131                 124           109        255               220
Asset Management 1                                                                                        92                  87            85       179               172
Corporate and Other 1                                                                                     30                  27            27         57               53
                            23
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                   253                 238           221        491               445
Adjustments 3 4                                                                                           (6)                 (4)           (4)       (10)               (5)
                2
Net earnings                                                                                            247                 234           217        481               440
1 Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
2 Available to IGM common shareholders.
3 Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
  Adjustments to segments.
4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                               A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                              Q2 2025 vs. Q2 2024 and Q1 2025                                                                   Year-to-date 2025 vs 2024

                                       Net earnings




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       $247 million or $1.04 per share, compared with $217 million or                          $481 million or $2.02 per share, compared with $440 million or
                                       $0.91 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                        $1.85 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
                                       of 14.3% on a per share basis, and $234 million or $0.98 per share                      of 9.2% on a per share basis.
                                       in the first quarter of 2025.
                                       Adjusted net earnings
                                       $253 million or $1.07 per share, compared with $221 million or                          $491 million or $2.06 per share, compared with $445 million or
                                       $0.93 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                        $1.87 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
                                       of 15.1% on a per share basis, and $238 million or $1.00 per share                      of 10.2% on a per share basis.
                                       in the first quarter of 2025.


                                       Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $10 million in the six-month period ended June 30,
                                       2025, compared with Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $5 million in the corresponding period in 2024. These
                                       Adjustments are not allocated to segments. The following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings and adjusted net
                                       earnings:

                                       WEALTH MANAGEMENT
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $22 million to $131 million in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative contribution from strategic
                                       investments of $1 million, compared with a negative contribution of $3 million in the corresponding quarter of 2024. The
                                       contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by $20 million to $132 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in income from advisory fees of $31 million to $346 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets under
                                            advisement (AUA) 1 of 10.2%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the
                                            three-month period was 98.4 basis points of average AUA, compared with 98.9 basis points in the corresponding quarter in
                                            2024. Fee rates are determined based on client AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on changes in a client’s
                                            AUA as well as product mix;          1




                                         An increase in income from product and program fees of $21 million to $264 million, primarily due to the increase in average
                                            assets under management (AUM) 1 of 9.7%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month period was 85.0
                                            basis points of AUM, compared with 85.6 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in rate is due to
                                            changes in product mix; and
                                         An increase in other financial planning revenues of $8 million to $43 million, primarily due to higher insurance revenues.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $26 million to $283 million in the three-month period which
                                            includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
                                            compensation increased by $21 million to $182 million, primarily due to increases in AUA and other compensation changes.
                                            Sales-based compensation payments are based upon the level of net new assets contributed to client accounts and are
                                            capitalized and amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based compensation increased
                                            by $3 million to $28 million. Other advisory and business development expenses increased by $3 million to $73 million in
                                            the three-month period, primarily due to higher compensation paid on the distribution of insurance products;
                                         An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $5 million to $52 million, primarily due to changes in AUM;
                                         An increase in operations and support expenses of $2 million to $116 million, which includes costs that support wealth
                                            management and other general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and operations, as
                                            well as other functional business units and corporate expenses; and
                                         An increase in income taxes of $7 million to $47 million.
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $35 million to $255 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with
                                       the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative contribution from strategic
                                       investments of $5 million, compared with a negative contribution of $9 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The
                                       contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by $31 million to $260 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in income from advisory fees of $64 million to $688 million, primarily due to the increase in average AUA of
                                            12.5%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate and one less calendar day in the six-month period of 2025
                                            compared with the same period in 2024. The average advisory fee rate for the six-month period was 97.9 basis points of
                                            average AUA, compared with 99.6 basis points in the corresponding period in 2024;
                                         An increase in income from product and program fees of $51 million to $528 million, primarily due to the increase in average
                                            AUM of 11.8%. The average product and program fee rate for the six-month period was 85.1 basis points of AUM, compared
                                            with 85.6 basis points in the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease in rate is due to the same reason explained in the
                                            three-month period above; and


                                       1 Refer to the section “Other Measures” for a definition of AUM and AUA.


                                            A  28                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


  An increase in other financial planning revenues of $4 million to $80 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in
    the three-month period above.
 Partially offset by:




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $57 million to $559 million in the six-month period. Asset-
    based compensation increased by $49 million to $366 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in the three-
    month period above. Sales-based compensation increased by $5 million to $56 million. Other advisory and business
    development expenses increased by $4 million to $136 million in the six-month period, primarily due to higher
    compensation on the distribution of insurance products;
  An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $11 million to $103 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in the three-
    month period above;
  A decrease in net investment income of $4 million to $4 million. Net investment income and other consists of unrealized
    gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds, investment income earned on cash and cash equivalents and securities,
    and other income not related to IG Wealth Management’s core business. It also includes a charge from the Corporate and
    Other segment for the use of unallocated capital;
  An increase in operations and support expenses of $5 million to $234 million; and
  An increase in income taxes of $11 million to $94 million.

ASSET MANAGEMENT
The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s investment funds, Wealth Management segment and
third parties for investment management services.
Adjusted net earnings increased by $7 million to $92 million in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with
the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of $34 million
from strategic investments, compared with $29 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The adjusted net earnings of
Mackenzie increased by $2 million to $58 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
    $8 million to $199 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $167 million, an increase of $5 million compared
    with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 8.1%, partially offset by a
    decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 50.6 basis points for the
    three months ended June 30, 2025, compared with 53.0 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in
    rate was driven by a change in the composition of AUM. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $32 million,
    an increase of $3 million from the corresponding quarter in 2024; and
  An increase in net investment income and other of $1 million to $5 million. Net investment income and other primarily
    includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally made in the process
    of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in operations and support expenses of $6 million to $97 million. Operations and support expenses include costs
    associated with business operations, including technology and business processes, in-house investment management and
    product shelf management, corporate management and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
    technology and other service provider expenses; and
  An increase in income taxes of $1 million to $21 million.
Adjusted net earnings increased by $7 million to $179 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with the
corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of $68 million from
strategic investments, compared with $58 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The adjusted net earnings of Mackenzie
decreased by $3 million to $111 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in expenses of $19 million to $243 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and support expenses of
    $14 million and an increase in advisory and business development expenses of $5 million in the six-month period. The
    increase in advisory and business development expenses was primarily attributed to the timing of product, marketing and
    distribution expenses, which include product launches in the second quarter of 2025; and
  A decrease in net investment income and other of $4 million to $7 million;
  Partially offset by an increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation
    expenses, of $20 million to $400 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $336 million, an increase of
    $15 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 8.8%,
    partially offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 51.2
    basis points for the six months ended June 30, 2025, compared with 53.1 basis points in the corresponding period in 2024.
    The decrease in rate was driven by a change in the composition of AUM. Asset management fees – Wealth Management
    were $64 million, an increase of $5 million from the corresponding period in 2024.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT
                                       AUA are a key performance indicator for the Wealth Management segment.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       AUM are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues and expenses within the
                                       Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities.
                                       Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                June 30,              March 31,                  June 30,         March 31,
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                    2025                   2025                      2024              2024
                                       Wealth Management
                                         IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                129.6                   124.6                    114.7             113.6
                                         IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                                            17.1                    16.9                       15.0           14.4
                                       Assets under advisement                                                                                   146.7                   141.5                    129.7             128.0
                                       Asset Management
                                         Third-party AUM                                                                                         137.2                   133.5                    122.7             124.2
                                         Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                                 87.4                    85.1                       79.4           79.5
                                       Assets under management                                                                                   224.6                   218.6                    202.1             203.7
                                       Consolidated 1
                                         Assets under management                                                                                 266.8                   258.1                    237.4             237.7
                                         Assets under management and advisement 2                                                                283.9                   275.0                    252.4             252.2
                                       1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
                                         instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment are
                                         eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core businesses.
                                       2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.


                                       Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                              2025                                                    2024
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                 Q2              Q1                 Q4            Q3          Q2         Q1
                                       Wealth Management
                                         IG Wealth Management AUA                                                                           141.2           142.5             139.4           132.9      128.1      124.0
                                         IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                           124.5           125.5             123.3           117.7      113.5      110.0
                                       Asset Management
                                         Third-party AUM                                                                                    132.7           132.2             130.0           125.7      122.8      121.0
                                         Total AUM                                                                                          217.9           217.5             213.9           207.5      201.8      198.9
                                       Consolidated 1
                                         Assets under management                                                                            257.2           257.7             253.3           243.4      236.3      231.0
                                         Assets under management and advisement 2                                                           273.8           274.7             269.3           258.6      250.9      245.0
                                       1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
                                         products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core
                                         businesses.
                                       2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.


                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.

                                       In the six months ended June 30, 2025, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $10 million after tax ($10 million
                                       pre-tax) related to IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments, of which $6 million was recorded in the second quarter.
                                       In the six months ended June 30, 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $5 million after tax ($5 million
                                       pre-tax), comprised of:
                                          IGM’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s one-time debt refinancing costs of $3 million, related to the early repayment
                                             of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities, recorded in the second quarter; and
                                          IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments of $2 million, of which $1 million was recorded in the second quarter.

                                       The information above has been derived from IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for
                                       additional information on IGM’s interim results. IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A are available under its profile on
                                       SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                                             A  30                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


GBL

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of
listed, direct private and indirect private investments. GBL Capital, the indirect private investment activity, provides additional
sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In addition, GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through
GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers. GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their sectors, in
which GBL can contribute to value creation by being an active professional investor.
At June 30, 2025, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):
LISTED ASSETS
   SGS (SIX: SGSN) (14.3%) – testing, inspection and certification                        Umicore (EBR: UMI) (15.9%) – automotive catalysts, cathode
      solutions                                                                                materials for batteries and precious metals recycling
   Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.8%) – premium spirits                                       Concentrix (NASDAQ: CNXC) (13.7%) – global provider of
   Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.7%) – industrial mineral-based specialty                              customer experience (CX) solutions and technologies
      solutions                                                                            Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
   adidas (XETR: ADS) (3.5%) – design, development and                                        solutions
      distribution of sporting goods

DIRECT PRIVATE ASSETS
   Affidea (99.1%) – provider of advanced diagnostics and                                 Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
      outpatient services                                                                  Voodoo (15.0%) – developer and publisher of mobile games
   Sanoptis (84.8%) – provider of ophthalmology services
   Canyon (49.9%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
      premium bicycles

Through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers, GBL has expanded its activities into indirect private assets and third-
party asset management. GBL Capital invests in externally managed funds and direct co-investments allocated to buyout,
venture capital/growth, private credit and hedge funds. Sienna Investment Managers offers a full range of investment
strategies spanning listed and private assets, with a long-term perspective and strong ESG focus. Strategies managed include
listed assets, private credit, real estate and hybrid assets.
GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at June 30, 2025 of €14,352 million or €107.75 per
share, compared with €15,681 million or €113.30 per share at December 31, 2024.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                             A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2025 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Disposal of SGS: In the first quarter of 2025, GBL completed the disposal of 8.5 million shares of SGS, reducing its interest
                                       from 19.1% at December 31, 2024 to 14.6% at March 31, 2025 (14.3% at June 30, 2025), for total proceeds of €0.8 billion,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       generating a capital gain for GBL of €0.2 billion (no impact on the net consolidated earnings in accordance with IFRS 9).
                                       Following the completion of the transaction, GBL is still the largest shareholder of SGS and remains committed to supporting
                                       SGS with a long-term perspective.
                                       Share repurchases: During the first and second quarters of 2025, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries,
                                       2.5 million shares of its own capital for a total consideration of €170 million. On May 2, 2025, GBL cancelled 5.2 million of its
                                       treasury shares.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                           Three months ended                           Six months ended
                                                                                                                                June 30,           March 31,             June 30,            June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                  2025                 2025                 2024                2025               2024
                                       Average direct ownership (%) 1                                                               16.9                16.5                 16.1              16.7               15.8
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings (loss)                                                                         (15)                  25                  21                10                 75
                                         Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                (15)                   3                  21               (12)                75

                                       Total dividend received 2                                                                                                                                175                 92

                                                                                                                                                                                             June 30,      December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                    2025             2024
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                                    3,518              3,683
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                     12.2               12.8


                                          Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                                       2,551              2,162
                                          % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                       5.4                4.8
                                       1 Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
                                         shares was 18.5% for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 (17.7% in the second quarter of 2024).
                                       2 The dividend received from Parjointco was €112 million for the period ended June 30, 2025, compared with €62 million for the period ended June 30, 2024.




                                               A  32                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                             Three months ended                   Six months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                   June 30,           March 31,         June 30,           June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                     2025                 2025             2024               2025           2024
Contribution to Power Corporation’s
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                          (15)                   3             21               (12)             75
  Adjustments
     Share of Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                          −                 22               −                22               −
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                                  (15)                 25              21                10              75




Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL
                                                                                                                             Three months ended                   Six months ended
                                                                                                    June 30,          March 31,         June 30,           June 30,       June 30,
(in millions of euros)                                                                                2025                2025             2024               2025           2024

Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated
 operating companies of:
   Imerys                                                                                                26                   13             40                39              78
   Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                                            34                 (39)              (5)               (5)            (32)
   Canyon                                                                                                  −                  (2)             3                 (2)             −
   Sanoptis                                                                                             (49)                (21)            (18)              (70)             (30)
   Affidea                                                                                              (27)                  84              (5)              57              (13)
   GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                                           (13)                  (4)           (16)              (17)             14
                                                                                                        (29)                  31              (1)                2             17
Net dividends from investments:
  SGS                                                                                                      −                  98              −                98            126
  Pernod Ricard                                                                                          41                    −             41                41              41
  adidas                                                                                                 11                    −              6                11                6
  Umicore                                                                                                10                    −             22                10              22
  Concentrix                                                                                               2                   5              3                  7               7
                                                                                                         64                 103              72               167            202
Other financial income (expenses)                                                                       (44)                   9             55               (35)           110
Other operating income (expenses)                                                                       (60)                (35)            (41)              (95)             (78)
Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of
 non-current assets                                                                                       (1)                 (1)             −                 (2)            30
Interest income (expenses)                                                                               20                 (13)              1                  7              (1)
Taxes                                                                                                      −                   −              (1)               −               (1)
Net earnings (loss) 1 2                                                                                 (50)                  94             85                44            279
1 Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
2 Attributable to GBL shareholders.



                         Q2 2025 vs. Q2 2024 and Q1 2025                                                                      Year-to-date 2025 vs. 2024

Net earnings (loss)
Net loss of €50 million, compared with net earnings €85 million in                           Net earnings of €44 million, compared with net earnings of
the corresponding period in 2024, and net earnings of €94 million                            €279 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
in the first quarter of 2025.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                       A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       For the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, the net loss was €50 million, compared with net earnings of €85 million in
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in net earnings of €135 million was mainly due to:
                                         A decrease in the contribution from other financial income (expenses) of €99 million to a negative contribution to GBL of




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           €44 million, compared with a positive contribution of €55 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Other financial
                                           income includes a net decrease in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-
                                           investments in private equity classified as FVPL of €13 million, compared with a net increase in fair value of €59 million in
                                           the corresponding quarter in 2024;
                                         An increase in the negative contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies of
                                           €28 million to a negative contribution to GBL to €29 million, compared with a negative contribution of €1 million in the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2024, mainly due to:
                                              An increase in the negative contribution from Sanoptis of €31 million and Affidea of €22 million to a negative
                                                contribution to GBL of €49 million and €27 million, respectively; and
                                              A decrease in the contribution from Imerys of €14 million to a contribution to GBL of €26 million.
                                             Partially offset by:
                                              An increase in the contribution from Parques of €39 million to a contribution to GBL of €34 million; and
                                              A decrease in the negative contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by
                                                GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €3 million to a negative contribution to GBL’s earnings of
                                                €13 million.
                                         An increase in other operating expenses of €19 million to €60 million. Other operating expenses in the three-month period
                                           ended June 30, 2025 includes an expense of €12 million related to a carried interest program implemented in January 2024
                                           and the effect of the revaluation of long-term incentive plans of €15 million; and
                                         A decrease in dividends of €8 million to €64 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from Umicore;
                                         Partially offset by an increase in the contribution from interest income (expenses) of €19 million to a contribution to GBL of
                                           €20 million, compared with a contribution of €1 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, mainly due to an increase in
                                           interest income on cash and cash equivalents.
                                       For the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, net earnings were €44 million, compared with net earnings of €279 million in the
                                       corresponding period in 2024. The decrease in net earnings of €235 million was mainly due to:
                                         A decrease in the contribution from other financial income (expenses) of €145 million to a negative contribution to GBL of
                                           €35 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with a positive contribution of €110 million in the
                                           corresponding period in 2024. Other financial income includes a net decrease in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments
                                           in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private equity classified as FVPL of €8 million, compared with a net increase
                                           in fair value of €120 million in the corresponding period in 2024;
                                         A decrease in dividends of €35 million to €167 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from SGS due to
                                           a decrease in GBL’s interest in the first quarter of 2025;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                           €32 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €2 million, compared with a contribution of €30 million in the corresponding
                                           period in 2024. The first quarter of 2024 included a gain related to the sale of one investment by GBL Capital;
                                         An increase in the negative contribution from other operating income (expenses) of €17 million to a negative contribution
                                           to GBL of €95 million, compared with a negative contribution of €78 million in the corresponding period in 2024. Other
                                           operating expenses in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 includes an expense of €18 million related to a carried
                                           interest program and the effect of the revaluation of long-term incentive plans of €18 million; and
                                         A decrease in the contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies of €15 million
                                           to a contribution to GBL of €2 million, compared with a contribution of €17 million in the corresponding period in 2024,
                                           mainly due to:
                                              An increase in the negative contribution from Sanoptis of €40 million to a negative contribution of €70 million;
                                              A decrease in the contribution from Imerys of €39 million to a contribution of €39 million; and
                                              A decrease in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL Capital
                                                and Sienna Investment Managers of €31 million to a negative contribution to GBL’s earnings of €17 million.
                                             Partially offset by:
                                              An increase in the contribution from Affidea of €70 million to a contribution to GBL of €57 million. The contribution
                                                of Affidea in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 notably includes a positive impact of €81 million resulting
                                                from the renegotiation of its debt conditions, which will be offset with the amortization of the debt over its remaining
                                                term; and
                                              A decrease in the negative contribution from Parques of €27 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €5 million.
                                         Partially offset by an increase in the contribution from interest income (expenses) of €8 million to a contribution of €7 million,
                                           compared with a negative contribution of €1 million in the corresponding period in 2024.



                                           A  34                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Average Exchange Rates
The average exchange rates for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                             Three months ended                                 Six months ended
                                                                 June 30,             June 30,                              June 30,   June 30,
                                                                    2025                 2024            Change %              2025       2024         Change %


EUR/CAD                                                          1.5697               1.4730                    6.6         1.5406     1.4686                 4.9


Adjustments
Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by GBL and identifies
Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from GBL’s contribution to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination
of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
There were no Adjustments in the second quarter of 2025. In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments with a positive earnings
impact of $22 million consisted of the Corporation’s proportionate share of the earnings impact of Affidea, resulting from the
renegotiation of its debt conditions.
There were no Adjustments in the first and second quarters of 2024.

GBL’s financial results and other disclosures have been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued
by GBL in its half-year report at June 30, 2025. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.com).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                             A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, continues to develop
                                       asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several
                                       high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management
                                       businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
                                         Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit
                                           and real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial
                                           partners, advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth
                                           management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in
                                           Canada, the U.S., Europe and the Middle East.
                                         Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
                                           finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
                                           institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across
                                           multiple industries. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure,
                                           Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb PE.

                                       2025 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Sagard
                                         GBL investment in SHMI: In March 2025, GBL, through GBL Capital, invested US$33 million and acquired a 5% interest
                                           (on a fully diluted basis) in SHMI. GBL also agreed to make future commitments of €250 million over the following five
                                           years in Sagard-managed strategies. This partnership reinforces Sagard’s long-term growth strategy, strengthening its
                                           capital base as well as solidifying GBL’s relationship as an anchor LP in certain strategies. The Corporation remains the
                                           controlling shareholder of SHMI and the transaction did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial
                                           statements.
                                         SHMI acquisition of BEX Capital (BEX): In June 2025, SHMI completed the previously announced transaction to acquire
                                           a strategic interest in BEX Capital, a specialized secondaries investment firm with offices in Nice and New York. Sagard’s
                                           investment in BEX marks a significant step in its expansion into private equity secondaries. The agreement includes a
                                           path for Sagard to acquire all of the remaining equity of BEX on December 31, 2029. Upon closing of the transaction, the
                                           Corporation determined that it has control of BEX, through Sagard, in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial
                                           Statements. As a result, the Corporation consolidated BEX on the date of acquisition. BEX had $3.1 billion (US$2.3 billion)
                                           of assets under management at June 30, 2025.




                                           A  36                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
management and investing activities:




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                    SAGARD                                                   POWER SUSTAINABLE


                Sagard and Power Sustainable are                             Fee-related earnings                                            Fee-related earnings
    ASSET       focused on growing their asset
                                                                                          +                                                              +
                management businesses through
 MANAGEMENT
                raising third-party capital as well as                      Carried Interest                                                    Carried Interest
                the expansion of strategies and                                    +                                                                   +
  ACTIVITIES
                asset classes.                                      Other management activities and                                       Other management activities
                                                                          strategic interests 1                                             (Potentia and Nautilus) 1


                                                            Investment                        Accounting                        Investment                   Accounting
                Power Corporation invests
                proprietary capital in the strategies        Venture Capital                 FVPL                              Energy Infrastructure       Consolidated 2
  INVESTING     of its investment platforms to                    Wealthsimple               Consolidated                      Infrastructure Credit       FVPL
                support their growth and                     Private Equity                  FVPL
   ACTIVITIES
                development as asset managers
                and seeks to earn attractive returns         Private Credit                  FVPL
                commensurate with the risk profile.          Real Estate                     FVPL


1 Sagard includes the share of earnings of the private wealth investment platform and other strategic interests. Power Sustainable includes the other management activities
  (Potentia and Nautilus) performed on behalf of PSEIP, including operations and maintenance (O&M), valued-added and customer acquisition services.
2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are required to be consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings
  from the underlying activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and general
  and administrative (G&A) expenses), as well as the impact related to the revaluation of the equity interests held by third parties in PSEIP.



CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:
                                                                                                                                Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                        June 30,          March 31,        June 30,          June 30,      June 30,
                                                                                                          2025                2025            2024              2025          2024
Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)
     Asset management activities
        Sagard                                                                                                 8                  (4)            1                 4             −
        Power Sustainable                                                                                   (14)                  (6)         (18)              (20)            (32)
     Investing activities (proprietary capital)
        Sagard                                                                                               98                  41            26               139             32
        Power Sustainable                                                                                      1                      3       (10)                 4            (31)
                                                                                                             93                  34             (1)             127             (31)
   Adjustments
        Power Sustainable                                                                                    49                 (12)            (4)              37             21
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                                      142                  22             (5)             164             (10)




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
                                       platforms.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       ASS ET MANAG EMENT ACTIVITIES
                                       Overview of the businesses

                                       SAGARD
                                       At June 30, 2025, Sagard had $44.2 billion (US$32.4 billion) of assets under management ($39.3 billion (US$27.3 billion) at
                                       December 31, 2024), including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other Measures”), across four asset classes:
                                       venture capital, private equity, private credit and real estate, including $1.4 billion through its private wealth investment
                                       platform ($1.2 billion at December 31, 2024). At June 30, 2025, assets under management managed through PEM’s fund of
                                       funds, direct investment funds and separately managed accounts and BEX’s secondaries strategies represented $16.1 billion
                                       (US$11.8 billion).
                                       Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition by strategy
                                       of the assets under management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                    June 30,   December 31,
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                                                                        2025          2024

                                       Venture Capital 1 2                                                                                                                                            11.8            11.3
                                       Private Equity 2 3                                                                                                                                             17.2            12.9
                                       Private Credit                                                                                                                                                   6.9             6.6
                                       Real Estate                                                                                                                                                      7.1             7.4
                                               4
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                            1.2             1.1
                                       Assets under management                                                                                                                                        44.2            39.3
                                          Power Corporation                                                                                                                                             2.3             2.0

                                          Third parties and associated companies        5
                                                                                                                                                                                                       41.9            37.3

                                       Fee-bearing capital 6 7                                                                                                                                        28.5            26.5
                                          Power Corporation                                                                                                                                             1.1             1.1

                                          Third parties and associated companies        5
                                                                                                                                                                                                       27.4            25.4
                                       1 Includes inter-fund eliminations of Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II interests in the Diagram Funds within the Venture Capital asset class.
                                       2 At June 30, 2025, assets under management managed through PEM’s strategies represented $4.9 billion (US$3.6 billion) within the venture capital asset class and
                                         $8.1 billion (US$5.9 billion) within the private equity asset class ($5.2 billion (US$3.6 billion) within the venture capital asset class and $7.9 billion (US$5.5 billion) within the
                                         private equity asset class at December 31, 2024.)
                                       3 At June 30, 2025, assets under management managed through BEX funds represented $3.1 billion (US$2.3 billion) within the private equity asset class.
                                       4 Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform, as well as inter-fund eliminations between the private wealth investment platform and other asset
                                         classes.
                                       5 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
                                       6 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
                                       7 Excludes the fee-bearing capital of Sagard’s private wealth investment platform of $1.3 billion at June 30, 2025 ($1.2 billion at December 31, 2024).


                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 0.96% for the three-month
                                       period ended June 30, 2025, compared with 0.95% in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The increase is primarily due to the
                                       change in the composition of assets under management and related fee rates including the impact from the acquisition of
                                       BEX in the second quarter of 2025, as well as retroactive management fees related to new capital commitments in fundraising
                                       closes in the second quarter of 2025.
                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate was 0.91% for the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with
                                       1.05% in the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease is primarily due to the change in the composition of assets under
                                       management and related fee rates following the acquisition of PEM, a fund of funds and co-investments manager, in the first
                                       quarter of 2024.




                                             A  38                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table provides information on the funds managed by Sagard as well as the Corporation’s interests in each of
the funds:




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
June 30, 2025                                                                                                              Interest held                      Manager compensation
(in millions; except                                                           Capital              Power Associated              Third                                      Carried
  as otherwise noted)                          Currency           Vintage commitments          Corporation companies 1           parties        Fees 2                      interest 3
                                                                                        ($)              (%)             (%)          (%)         (%)                            (%)
Venture Capital
Portage Ventures I 4                              C$                2016              478              38.1            61.9            −        2.00 Invested capital          10.0
Portage Ventures II 5                             C$                2018              427              12.4            16.8          70.8       2.00 Invested capital          20.0
Portage Ventures III 5                           US$                2021              655                2.4           15.3          82.3       2.25 Invested capital          20.0
Portage Ventures IV 6                            US$                2024              456                5.5           15.4          79.1       2.50 Committed capital         20.0
Portage Capital Solutions                        US$                2023              513              29.2            33.9          36.9       2.00 Committed capital         20.0
Diagram Funds 7                                   C$        2016-2023                 400              17.7            17.5          64.8   1.00-2.50 Committed capital    nil-20.0
PEM Venture Capital (PVC)
   PEM-PVC I-II                                  US$        2005-2008              1,334                   −            0.3          99.7    nil-0.38 Committed capital          5.0
   PEM-PVC III                                   US$                2014              149                  −            2.6          97.4       0.50 Committed capital           5.0
   PEM-PVC IV-V                                  US$        2018-2021                 473                  −            2.5          97.5   0.30-0.95 Committed capital          5.0
   PEM-PVC VI and SOF 6                          US$                2024              218                2.3            1.0          96.7   0.30-0.95 Committed capital          5.0
Private Equity
Sagard Private Equity Canada                      C$                2021              407                3.7           13.7          82.6       2.00 Committed capital         20.0
Sagard MidCap II 5                                 €                2007              728              22.4            25.6          51.9       1.75 Invested capital          20.0
Sagard MidCap 3 5 8                                €                2013              729                0.2           21.5          78.3       2.00 Invested capital          20.0
Sagard MidCap 4                                    €                2020              815              18.6            21.7          59.7       1.75 Committed capital         20.0
Sagard NewGen                                      €                2020              313                6.0           12.6          81.4       2.00 Committed capital         20.0
Sagard NewGen II 6                                 €                2025              202              12.0            20.0          68.0       2.00 Committed capital         20.0
Sagard Private Equity Strategies 9               US$                2025               46              75.2             1.4          23.4   1.00-1.30 Net asset value          12.5
BEX Private Equity
   BEX II                                          €                2018                60                 −            0.8          99.2   0.45-0.75 Committed capital        15.0
   BEX III                                       US$                2019              365                  −            0.8          99.2   0.60-1.05 Committed capital        15.0
   BEX IV                                        US$                2022              765                  −            1.0          99.0   0.75-1.35 Committed capital        15.0
   BEX V                                         US$                2025              786                  −            1.0          99.0   0.75-1.50 Committed capital        15.0
PEM Direct Investment (PDI)
   PEM-PDI III-IV                                US$        2014-2019                 474                  −            2.4          97.6       1.00 Invested capital          10.0
   PEM-PDI V                                     US$                2024              386                7.8            2.0          90.2       1.00 Committed capital         10.0
Private Credit
Sagard Credit Partners I                         US$                2018              557              18.0             1.0          81.0       1.50 Invested capital          15.0
Sagard Credit Partners II                        US$                2022           1,167                 4.3            5.2          90.5       1.50 Invested capital          20.0
Sagard Senior Lending Partners                   US$                2023              501                  −           20.8          79.2       1.25 Invested capital          15.0
Sagard Private Credit 9                           C$                2024              105              22.9                −         77.1   1.00-1.30 Net asset value          15.0
Sagard Healthcare Partners 10                    US$                2019           1,278                 9.5            0.4          90.1   1.50-1.75 Committed capital        20.0
Real Estate
USPF 9                                           US$                2002              875                1.8           24.8          73.4   0.75-0.98 Net asset value              −
1 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$59 million in Portage Ventures III,
  US$60 million in Portage Ventures IV, US$143 million in Portage Capital Solutions, $50 million in SPEC, €50 million in Sagard MidCap 4, US$50 million in Sagard Credit
  Partners II, US$101 million in SSLP, and US$217 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$26 million in Portage Ventures III and US$10 million in Portage
  Ventures IV), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard MidCap II), and GBL (US$25 million in Portage Capital Solutions, €102 million in Sagard MidCap II, €153 million in Sagard MidCap 3,
  €105 million in Sagard MidCap 4, €15 million in Sagard NewGen and €40 million in Sagard NewGen II). Lifeco and IGM have invested $27 million and $268 million, respectively,
  in Portage Ventures I.
2 Represents the base management fees. The management fees presented for the PVC and BEX funds represent the range of base fees over the remaining life of each fund.
3 Represents the base carried interest for each fund. Sagard will receive an allocation of carried interest for the PEM and BEX funds with vintage years subsequent to their
  acquisition in 2024 and 2025, respectively. Carried interest for Sagard Private Equity Strategies and Sagard Private Credit is realized on a quarterly basis when investment returns
  exceed a predetermined hurdle rate, and is not subject to clawback.
4 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
5 During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based on invested capital,
  which may include a reserve for follow-on investments.
6 Fundraising activities continue for Portage Ventures IV, PEM-PVC VI, PEM-PVC SOF and Sagard NewGen II.
7 The Diagram Funds include Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II, Diagram Ventures III, Diagram Opportunity and Diagram ClimateTech. Total capital commitments includes
  amounts committed by Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II. Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Portage
  Ventures I ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I) and Portage Ventures II ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I and $35 million in Diagram Ventures II). Diagram Ventures I and II do
  not have carried interests.
8 The Corporation’s interest is held in carried interest units.
9 Sagard Private Equity Strategies, Sagard Private Credit and USPF are open-ended funds and generally invest all committed capital; as such the capital commitments of the funds
  are representative of the net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”). USPF is managed by Sagard Real Estate through a management service agreement.
10 Represents Series I and II; the interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of June 30, 2025. The investment period is completed for the first series which represents a
   total commitment of $726 million; base compensation for Series I is 1.50% on invested capital.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following table summarizes the activities of the funds managed by Sagard:
                                       June 30, 2025                                                                                                                       Commitments




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (in millions; except                                                                                                                                      Distributions to
                                         as otherwise noted)                                                        Currency         Total funded          Unfunded             Unfunded                   date 1    NAV 2
                                                                                                                                                 ($)               ($)                 (%)                   ($)       ($)
                                       Venture Capital
                                       Portage Ventures I 3                                                            C$                     478                   −                    −                 626      2,698
                                       Portage Ventures II                                                             C$                     414                  13                 3.0                    64      916
                                       Portage Ventures III                                                           US$                     467                188                 28.8                     −      618
                                       Portage Ventures IV                                                            US$                       59               397                 87.1                     −       47
                                       Portage Capital Solutions                                                      US$                     243                270                 52.7                    14       273
                                       Diagram Funds                                                                   C$                     211                189                 47.2                    80       256
                                       PVC Funds 4
                                          PEM-PVC I-II 5                                                              US$                   1,315                  19                 1.5                3,093         31
                                          PEM-PVC III                                                                 US$                     145                   4                 2.8                  291        271
                                          PEM-PVC IV-V                                                                US$                     338                135                 28.5                    25      396
                                          PEM-PVC VI and SOF                                                          US$                       75               143                 65.7                     −       76
                                       Private Equity
                                       Sagard Private Equity Canada                                                    C$                     160                247                 60.7                     −      177
                                       Sagard MidCap II                                                                 €                     722                   6                 0.9                1,163        17
                                       Sagard MidCap 3                                                                  €                     682                  47                 6.5                1,583       404
                                       Sagard MidCap 4 6                                                                €                     742                148                 18.1                  152      1,076
                                       Sagard NewGen 6                                                                  €                     303                  39                12.5                    79      366
                                       Sagard NewGen II                                                                 €                       21               181                 89.5                     −        20
                                       BEX Funds 7
                                          BEX II                                                                        €                       54                  6                10.0                  125         54
                                          BEX III                                                                     US$                     237                128                 35.0                    92       307
                                          BEX IV                                                                      US$                     438                327                 42.7                     −       617
                                          BEX V                                                                       US$                       79               707                 90.0                     −        91
                                       PDI Funds 4
                                          PEM-PDI III-IV                                                              US$                     469                  10                 2.1                  402       711
                                          PEM-PDI V                                                                   US$                     128                258                 66.9                     −      138
                                       Private Credit
                                       Sagard Credit Partners I                                                       US$                     548                   9                 1.5                  617        94
                                       Sagard Credit Partners II 6                                                    US$                     582                717                 61.4                  210       542
                                       Sagard Senior Lending Partners                                                 US$                     158                343                 68.5                     8      167
                                       Sagard Healthcare Partners 6                                                   US$                     891                403                 31.6                  465       634
                                       1 Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases in fund size.
                                       2 Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and consolidated
                                         investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to
                                         controlled and consolidated investments.
                                       3 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple, which represents
                                         a fair value of $2.6 billion at June 30, 2025 ($2.1 billion at December 31, 2024).
                                       4 In the first quarter of 2024, Sagard acquired a controlling interest in PEM. The activities of the funds managed by PEM are presented since the inception of each fund.
                                       5 In the second quarter of 2025, PEM-PVC I and II were closed; on closing, a total distribution of US$415 million was transferred into a continuation fund. Certain LPs of PEM-
                                         PVC I and II are also LPs in the PEM-PVC continuation fund.
                                       6 Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by the
                                         fund. The unfunded commitments presented for funds within the investment period, for Sagard MidCap 4, Sagard NewGen, PEM-PDI IV, Sagard Credit Partners II and
                                         Sagard Healthcare Partners, includes amounts distributed of €75 million, €29 million, US$5 million, US$132 million and US$16 million, respectively, which are recallable
                                         by the fund.
                                       7 In the second quarter of 2025, Sagard acquired a controlling interest in BEX Capital. The activities of the funds managed by BEX are presented since the inception of each
                                         fund.




                                             A  40                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Venture Capital (fintech investments)
  Sagard’s venture capital asset class is managed under the Portage, Diagram and PEM platforms.




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PORTAGE
  Portage is a global fintech and financial services investment platform. Its mission is to empower entrepreneurs reshaping
      financial services by partnering with ambitious companies across all stages through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital
      Solutions.
        Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators
          in insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
          Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 110 fintech companies and investment funds.
        Portage Capital Solutions is a capital partner that delivers flexible equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage
          fintech and financial services businesses.

DIAGRAM
  Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies and a venture investor that invests in
      early stage companies, primarily in the financial services (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and
      invested in more than 40 companies across five funds.

PEM
  PEM has a venture capital fund of funds program with an emphasis on access-constrained U.S. early and late-stage
      technology-centric asset managers. This investment strategy, through funds and separately managed accounts, provides
      investors with access to selected managers, many of which are closed to new investors.

Private Equity
  Sagard’s private equity asset class is managed under the Sagard, BEX Capital and PEM platforms.

SAGARD
  Sagard, under its private equity asset class, manages four strategies: Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard MidCap
      (Europe), Sagard NewGen (Europe), and Sagard Private Equity Strategies.
        Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
          business and financial services, as well as manufacturing.
        Sagard MidCap is a European private equity investment strategy that invests in middle-market business services,
          healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
        Sagard NewGen is a European private equity investment strategy that supports entrepreneurs in the technology and
          healthcare industries.
        Sagard Private Equity Strategies offers Canadian accredited investors access to institutional-calibre private equity.
          The fund invests in a broadly diversified portfolio of secondaries, co-investments, and primaries, with a focus on the
          small and middle-market.

BEX
  BEX Capital’s investment strategy focuses on the acquisition of positions in global private equity fund of funds, secondary
      funds and co-investment funds.

PEM
  PEM manages an investment strategy which focuses on a diversified portfolio of primarily U.S. small and middle-market
      buyouts sourced from selected asset managers, including co-investment opportunities. PEM offers this investment
      strategy through funds and separately managed accounts.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Private Credit
                                         Sagard, under the private credit asset class, manages four strategies, Sagard Credit, Sagard Senior Lending, Sagard
                                           Private Credit and Sagard Healthcare, and includes a strategic investment in HalseyPoint.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                              Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
                                                North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
                                                unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
                                              Sagard Senior Lending is a senior direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market companies in North America. It
                                                provides first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and private middle-market companies to help fund growth and other
                                                strategic initiatives.
                                              Sagard Private Credit is an evergreen fund, designed to offer Canadian accredited investors the opportunity to
                                                participate in private credit. The fund seeks to generate attractive and stable returns driven largely by interest income
                                                earned on a broadly diversified portfolio of private loans.
                                              Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by
                                                approved and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare
                                                aims to accelerate the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive
                                                healthcare exposure largely uncorrelated to other asset classes.
                                              HalseyPoint, a manager jointly controlled by Sagard, manages collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) focused on the
                                                U.S. leveraged loan and high-yield bond markets. HalseyPoint manages AUM of $5.5 billion (US$4.0 billion) at
                                                June 30, 2025 and has raised to date nine CLOs.
                                                In 2025, Sagard launched Sagard CLO Equity, a fund that will invest in the equity tranche of future CLOs managed
                                                by Sagard | HalseyPoint. In the second quarter of 2025, Sagard completed the first close, raising commitments of up
                                                to US$92.5 million.

                                       Real Estate
                                         Sagard Real Estate (formerly EverWest) is a real estate investment advisor and operator providing investment management
                                           services across the U.S. that include acquisitions, asset management, development and property management for its
                                           investors. Sagard Real Estate is headquartered in Denver, Colorado with regional offices throughout the U.S.
                                           Sagard Real Estate offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds.

                                       Private Wealth Investment Platform
                                         Sagard Wealth (formerly Grayhawk) is a dedicated chief investment office providing institutional-calibre capabilities and
                                           exclusive access to global investment opportunities, from traditional to alternative strategies, to Canadian families.
                                           Sagard Wealth had $1.4 billion in assets under management at June 30, 2025 ($1.2 billion at December 31, 2024).
                                           The Corporation, through Sagard, indirectly holds an 80.2% interest in Sagard Wealth (60.3% at December 31, 2024).




                                           A  42                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER SUSTAINABLE
At June 30, 2025, Power Sustainable had $4.0 billion of assets under management ($4.2 billion at December 31, 2024),
including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflect the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project debt,




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
and includes unfunded commitments.
Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                      June 30,          December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                 2025                 2024

Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                                2,342                    2,902
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                                  996                    1,035
Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                                   264                     261
Power Sustainable Decarb PE                                                                                                                              356                        −
Assets under management                                                                                                                                3,958                    4,198
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                   1,032                    1,303

   Third parties and associated companies 1                                                                                                            2,926                    2,895
                           2
Fee-bearing capital                                                                                                                                    3,189                    2,943
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     892                    1,107

   Third parties and associated companies       1
                                                                                                                                                       2,297                    1,836
1 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco.
2 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1.1% for the three-month and six-month periods ended
June 30, 2025, compared with 1.0% in the corresponding periods in 2024.
The following table provides information on the strategies managed by Power Sustainable as well as the Corporation’s
interests in each of the strategies:
June 30, 2025                                                                                                Commitments 1                                    Interest held 2
                                                                                              Capital                   Total            Power     Associated         Third
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)           Currency         Vintage    commitments                 funded        Corporation   companies 3        parties       NAV
                                                                                                       ($)                 ($)              (%)           (%)            (%)        ($)

Power Sustainable Energy
 Infrastructure Partnership 4 5                                      C$          2021             1,800               1,701              28.9          13.0           58.1      2,097
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit 6                          US$           2023               715                 251              20.5          79.5               −        266
Power Sustainable Lios                                               C$          2022               285                 138                 −          20.7           79.3         117
Power Sustainable Decarb PE 7                                      US$           2025               266                     3            39.5          28.8           31.7          −
1 Includes amounts of separately managed agreements committed within each strategy.
2 Based on invested capital or NAV as of June 30, 2025.
3 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco of $220 million in PSEIP, US$600 million in Power Sustainable
  Infrastructure Credit, $56 million in Power Sustainable Lios and US$75 million in Power Sustainable Decarb PE.
4 NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
  investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to
  controlled and consolidated investments.
5 Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of $146 million. At June 30, 2025, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $82 million since inception.
6 In the second quarter of 2024, the Corporation entered into a separately managed account for a total of US$120 million in which it will invest alongside the fund on target
  investments. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Corporation disposed of committed capital of US$5 million through a direct secondary offering; the remaining total
  commitment was US$115 million at June 30, 2025. At June 30, 2025, the Corporation had invested US$51 million (C$71 million) through this account.
7 Fund commitments of up to US$330 million, of which US$266 million is currently callable.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
                                       energy platform with 3.9 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
                                       Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 185 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                       financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                            which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in Chicago, U.S. that
                                            acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                            commercial and industrial markets.
                                       The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
                                       The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                                                                                             June 30,   December 31,
                                       (in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                                      2025          2024

                                       Advanced development 1                                                                                                                                 1,127            866
                                       Under construction                                                                                                                                       283            253
                                                    1
                                       Operating                                                                                                                                              2,481          2,481
                                                                                                                                                                                              3,891          3,600
                                       1 Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 613 MW at June 30, 2025, of which 343 MW is included in Advanced development (a total of 645 MW,
                                         of which 343 MW is included in Advanced development at December 31, 2024). During the second quarter of 2025, PSEIP acquired the remainder of the interest in one
                                         project previously accounted for as a joint venture.


                                       Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
                                       carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
                                       direct investments.
                                       In the second quarter of 2025, wind projects developed by Potentia, representing approximately 425 MW and which had
                                       previously reached commercial operation, were sold to PSEIP. The Corporation received cash proceeds of $262 million.
                                       At June 30, 2025, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $6.0 billion ($6.5 billion at
                                       December 31, 2024).

                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform, targets global investments in energy,
                                       transportation and logistics, digital, social and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform, based in the U.S., targets sub-
                                       investment-grade infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies
                                       with tailored financing solutions.

                                       Power Sustainable Lios
                                       Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
                                       sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
                                       market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.

                                       Power Sustainable Decarb PE
                                       Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity (Power Sustainable Decarb PE) seeks superior risk-adjusted returns through
                                       investments in established middle-market companies that help decarbonize the North American economy. The strategy
                                       targets investments in the energy, industrial and transportation sectors and the built environment.




                                            A  44                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS – Asset Management Activities

                                                                                                                                            SAGARD       POWER SUSTAINABLE




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a
non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS                                                                ASSET

Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees                                                            MANAGEMENT
less investment platform expenses. Asset management                                                                     ACTIVITIES
activities also includes carried interest and income from other
management activities.
                                                                                                                        INVESTING

                                                                                                                         ACTIVITIES




Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                                Three months ended               Six months ended
                                                                                                  June 30,           March 31,              June 30,   June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                    2025                 2025                  2024       2025              2024
Adjusted net earnings (loss)
SAGARD
  Management fees 1 2                                                                                   67                       59             56        126               107
  Investment platform expenses                                                                         (70)                    (67)            (58)      (137)             (113)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                                         (3)                          (8)        (2)      (11)                 (6)
   Net carried interest 4                                                                               30                            4         10         34                 13
   Other 3                                                                                               (7)                          (8)        (4)      (15)                 (1)
                                                                                                        20                     (12)               4          8                  6
   Loss from private wealth platform and other
    asset management activities 5                                                                        −                            −          −          −                  (1)
   Non-controlling interests 6                                                                         (12)                           8          (3)        (4)                (5)
                                                                                                          8                           (4)         1          4                 −
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Management fees 1                                                                                     10                            7           7        17                 14
  Investment platform expenses                                                                         (16)                    (14)            (16)       (30)                (33)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                                         (6)                          (7)        (9)      (13)                (19)
   Net carried interest 4                                                                                (4)                          (3)        (5)        (7)                (6)
   Other 3 7                                                                                             (5)                          2          (5)        (3)                (8)
   Non-controlling interests 8                                                                            1                           2           1          3                  1
                                                                                                       (14)                           (6)      (18)       (20)                (32)


Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                             (6)                   (10)            (17)       (16)                (32)
Adjustments
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Restructuring charges                                                                                  −                            −          (2)        −                 (14)
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                      (6)                   (10)            (19)       (16)                (46)
1 Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from
  investing activities.
2 In the second quarter of 2025, Sagard recognized a retroactive management fee of $5 million related to new capital committed in the fundraising close of Sagard
  Healthcare Partners, PEM-PVC VI and PEM-PDI V ($4 million in the second quarter of 2024 related to the fundraising close of Portage Capital Solutions).
3 Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
  Measures” for a description and reconciliation.
4 Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of amounts allocated to employees. Carried interest is recognized based on changes in fair value of
  investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur with respect to
  unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
5 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities as well as its interest in
  HalseyPoint.
6 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held by third parties in SHMI, PEM and BEX, as well as interests held in SHMI by Lifeco and management of Sagard.
7 Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP.
8 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in PSM by Lifeco and management of Power Sustainable.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
                                       Power Sustainable




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable realigned its strategies and made a strategic decision to wind down its China
                                       public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable
                                       recognized a restructuring charge of $12 million and $2 million in the first and second quarters of 2024, respectively.

                                       INVES TING ACTIVITIES
                                       Overview
                                       Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
                                       development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,
                                       and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
                                       Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
                                       underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
                                          Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Real Estate, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership and
                                             Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit are expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
                                          Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital and Private Equity are expected to generate returns as
                                             investments are monetized.
                                       The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
                                       investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                                                                As at                              Six-month period ended                                                       As at
                                                                                                   December 31, 2024                                        June 30, 2025                                              June 30, 2025
                                                                            Investments     Distributions            Fair                                           Fair value       Investments      Distributions             Fair
                                       (in millions of dollars)                 to date 1        to date 1          value      Investments       Distributions        change             to date 1         to date 1           value
                                       Sagard
                                         Venture Capital 2                         441              290           1,071                  45                10             186                486              300            1,292
                                         Private Equity                          1,218            1,355             365                  84                85              87             1,302             1,440               451
                                         Private Credit                            475              315             241                  70                34               (3)              545              349               274
                                         Real Estate                                 33                1              32                  −                  −              (1)                  33              1               31
                                         Cash and other                               1                −              43                                                                         1               −               13
                                                                                 2,168            1,961           1,752                199                129             269             2,367             2,090            2,061


                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Power Sustainable Energy
                                          Infrastructure
                                           PSEIP 3                                 425                32            624                  19                  −            (65)               444                32              578
                                           Direct investments 4                  1,190              520             488                  26               262            (106)            1,216               782               146
                                         Power Sustainable
                                          Infrastructure Credit 5                    27                −              29                 44                  1               1                   71              1               73
                                          Other investments                          13                2              12                   1                 3               7                   14              5               17
                                                                                 1,655              554           1,153                  90               266            (163)            1,745               820               814

                                                                                 3,823           2,515           2,905                 289               395             106              4,112            2,910             2,875
                                       1 Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
                                       2 Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
                                       3 Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
                                         previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021, in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023, and in the second quarter of 2025.
                                       4 Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related
                                         platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.
                                       5 Consists of investments through a separately managed account. Investments to date is presented net of a disposal of funded committed capital through a direct secondary
                                         offering in the fourth quarter of 2024.




                                             A  46                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINTECH INVESTMENTS
Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group, while significant
investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.
Wealthsimple
At June 30, 2025, Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM collectively held, through a limited partnership controlled by
Power Financial as well as direct investments, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 54.2% (54.4% at December 31,
2024), representing a voting interest of 59.4% and a fully diluted equity interest of 42.2%. Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is
one of Canada’s fastest-growing financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for growing and managing
money.
Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
investing to spending, saving and tax. At June 30, 2025, Wealthsimple had 2.8 million clients, excluding tax filers, across the
Canadian market with assets under administration of $84.5 billion, compared with $64.0 billion at December 31, 2024.
At June 30, 2025, the Power group had invested $344 million in Wealthsimple (same as at December 31, 2024), and had
received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
The fair value of the Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $2.7 billion at June 30, 2025 ($2.2 billion at December 31,
2024). The fair value of the Corporation’s 15.2% equity interest in Wealthsimple, including its indirect interest held through
Portage Ventures I, on a fully diluted basis, was $997 million at June 30, 2025 ($822 million at December 31, 2024). The
increase in fair value in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 considers the increase in public market peer valuations,
Wealthsimple’s business performance and revised revenue expectations, as well as recent third-party secondary transactions.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RESULTS – Investing Activities
                                                                                                                                                                                SAGARD            POWER SUSTAINABLE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital
                                       invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the                                                               ASSET

                                       investment funds managed by the investment platforms and                                                            MANAGEMENT
                                       the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated                                                        ACTIVITIES
                                       subsidiaries held within the investment platforms. Due to the
                                       accounting treatment required for the underlying investments
                                       and activities, the results of certain consolidated funds and
                                                                                                                                                            INVESTING
                                       controlled and consolidated subsidiaries included in investing
                                       activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the                                                         ACTIVITIES

                                       Corporation's respective investment.


                                       The Corporation has determined that it has control of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership due to its exposure
                                       to variable returns and is required to consolidate the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; therefore, the increase in fair
                                       value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the limited partner equity interests
                                       held by third parties which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been classified as a financial liability
                                       and are remeasured at their redemption value. The impact from the revaluation of the non-controlling interests (NCI) liabilities
                                       has been excluded from adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
                                       changes in fair value.
                                       Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                Six months ended
                                                                                                                                      June 30,           March 31,              June 30,        June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                        2025                 2025                  2024            2025           2024
                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       SAGARD
                                         Private equity and other strategies                                                                99                        28             25            127             34
                                         Venture capital (fintech investments) 1                                                             (1)                      13              1             12              (2)
                                                                                                                                            98                        41             26            139             32
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Energy infrastructure 2                                                                              1                           (4)       (10)             (3)           (30)
                                         Other 3                                                                                             −                            7           −               7             (1)
                                                                                                                                              1                           3         (10)              4            (31)


                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                         99                        44             16            143               1
                                       Adjustments
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                                    49                     (12)              (2)            37             (19)
                                         Currency translation reclassification on Power Sustainable China                                    −                            −           −              −             54
                                                                                                                                            49                     (12)              (2)            37             35
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                                148                         32             14            180             36
                                       1 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple. The second quarter of 2025 includes a charge of $14 million related to the Corporation’s share of
                                         the carried interest payable due to the increase in fair value of the investment held in Wealthsimple.
                                       2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings from the underlying
                                         activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and G&A expenses).
                                       3 The first quarter of 2025 included a change in fair value of other investments managed within the Power Sustainable platform.




                                             A  48                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
Sagard




                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
There were no adjustments in the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2025 and 2024.
Power Sustainable
For the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net positive impact of
$37 million, which consist of the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities and other market-
related impacts:
  A recovery of $31 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair
    value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to
    third-party investors. The Corporation controls and consolidates the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; however,
    equity interests held by third parties have redemption features and are classified as a financial liability, which are
    remeasured at their redemption value. The first and second quarters of 2025 include a recovery of $9 million and
    $25 million, respectively, related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which
    resulted from a decrease in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
  A recovery of $11 million due to the remeasurement of a deferred tax liability related to the Corporation’s investment in
    PSEIP, recognized in the second quarter of 2025.
  The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a loss of $5 million after tax ($7 million pre-tax),
    of which a gain of $1 million was recorded in the second quarter.
For the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net positive impact of
$35 million, which include:
  A recovery of $54 million recognized on the closing of Power Sustainable China, a foreign operation, which resulted from
    the reclassification of the related cumulative translation adjustment to net earnings.
  Partially offset by a charge of $19 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests
    liabilities and other market-related impacts:
       A charge of $22 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair
         value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to
         third-party investors. The six-month period ended June 30, 2024 included a charge of $8 million related to the
         Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from an increase in fair value
         of assets held in PSEIP.
       The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a gain of $3 million after tax ($4 million pre-tax).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Standalone Businesses

                                       OVER VIEW




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       At June 30, 2025, Standalone businesses represent the Corporation’s equity investment in LMPG. Power Sustainable held a
                                       controlling interest of 49.6% at June 30, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024) in LMPG, a designer, developer, and
                                       manufacturer of a wide range of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial,
                                       institutional, and urban environments.
                                       Power Sustainable held a 34.1% equity interest in Lion Electric, a manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles, at December 31,
                                       2024. The carrying value of the investment in Lion was nil at December 31, 2024. In May 2025, Lion Electric completed a
                                       restructuring transaction under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA). As a result, all issued and outstanding
                                       common shares, options, warrants and other instruments exercisable into, or convertible or exchangeable for, common shares
                                       of Lion were cancelled without consideration.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       For the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, net loss from standalone businesses was $2 million, compared with a net
                                       loss of $5 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The adjusted net loss from standalone businesses for the three-month
                                       period ended June 30, 2025 was $2 million, compared with an adjusted net loss of $26 million in the corresponding quarter
                                       in 2024.
                                       For the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, net earnings from standalone businesses were $5 million, compared with a
                                       net loss of $37 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The adjusted net loss from standalone businesses for the six-
                                       month period ended June 30, 2025 was $7 million, compared with an adjusted net loss of $49 million in the corresponding
                                       period in 2024.
                                       The net loss in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 excludes Adjustments with a positive impact of $12 million.

                                       ADJUS TMENTS ( E X C L U D E D F R O M A D J U S T E D N E T E A R N I N G S )
                                       Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by the standalone
                                       businesses and identifies Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from the contribution of the standalone businesses
                                       to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
                                       There were no Adjustments in the second quarter of 2025. In the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation recognized a positive
                                       Adjustment of $12 million, which primarily relates to the Corporation’s share of the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities
                                       by LMPG.
                                       In the first and second quarters of 2024, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $12 million after tax ($4 million pre-
                                       tax) consisted of:
                                         The Corporation’s share of Peak’s gain on disposal of its investment in Rawlings of $46 million after tax ($46 million pre-
                                            tax) recorded in the second quarter of 2024; and
                                         Impairment charges on the Corporation’s investment in Lion, partially offset by the Corporation’s share of the
                                            remeasurement of warrant obligations at Lion of $34 million after tax ($42 million pre-tax), due to a decline in market
                                            value, of which $25 million after tax was recorded in the second quarter.




                                            A  50                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Corporate Operations and Other
Corporate operations and Other includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
other investment activities, as well as corporate operations of the holding company which includes operating expenses,
financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares.
Summary of corporate operations and other of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                           Three months ended              Six months ended
                                                                                                 June 30,           March 31,        June 30,    June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                   2025                 2025            2024        2025              2024

Contribution to net earnings (loss)
Other investments
   Investment funds                                                                                     (5)                  9             2           4                  9
           1
   Other                                                                                              (13)                 13             17           −                33
                                                                                                      (18)                 22             19           4                42
Operating and other expenses
   Operating expenses 2                                                                               (51)                (54)           (43)      (105)                (84)
   Depreciation                                                                                         (1)                 (2)           (2)         (3)                (3)
                                                         3
   Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge                                                              −                   3             −           3                 (1)
   Financing charges 4                                                                                (14)                (13)           (13)        (27)               (27)
   Income taxes                                                                                         (1)                  −             −          (1)                −
                                                                                                      (67)                (66)           (58)      (133)             (115)

Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                         (47)                (48)           (48)        (95)               (96)
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                 (132)                 (92)           (87)      (224)             (169)
1 Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents.
2 Operating expenses in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 included a charge of $4 million related to updated performance assumptions used in the measurement
  of performance share units. Operating expenses related to Power Financial were $43 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 ($30 million in the
  corresponding period in 2024).
3 The Corporation has attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which are classified as cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation
  has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. The fair value change of
  TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instruments.
4 Financing charges related to Power Financial were $9 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 (same as in the corresponding period in 2024).




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                Three months ended                        Six months ended
                                                                                                                                      June 30,           March 31,            June 30,          June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                                                        2025                 2025                2024              2025              2024
                                       Lifeco 1
                                          Market experience relative to expectations                                                       (72)                (62)                 19            (134)               92
                                          Assumption changes and management actions                                                         (2)                (22)                 27             (24)               26
                                          Other non-market related impacts 2                                                             (101)                 (32)                (68)           (133)             (104)
                                                                                                                                         (175)               (116)                 (22)           (291)               14
                                          Effect of consolidation 3                                                                          7                   (2)                 (1)              5                (6)
                                                                                                                                         (168)               (118)                 (23)           (286)                 8
                                       IGM 1
                                         Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                        −                    −                  (2)             −                 (2)
                                         Share of Lifeco’s adjustments                                                                      (4)                  (2)                  −              (6)               (1)
                                                                                                                                            (4)                  (2)                 (2)             (6)               (3)
                                          Effect of consolidation 3                                                                         12                    −                  (1)            12                  1
                                                                                                                                             8                   (2)                 (3)              6                (2)
                                       GBL
                                         Share of Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                        −                  22                    −             22                 −

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                         Currency translation reclassification on Power Sustainable China                                    −                    −                   −              −                54
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                                    49                 (12)                  (2)            37                (19)
                                         Restructuring charges                                                                               −                    −                  (2)             −                (14)
                                                                                                                                            49                 (12)                  (4)            37                21
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          Gain on disposal of an affiliated business of Peak                                                 −                    −                 46               −                46
                                          Lion impairment and other market-related impacts                                                   −                    −                (25)              −                (34)
                                          LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                     −                  12                    −             12                 −
                                                                                                                                             −                  12                  21              12                12
                                                                                                                                         (111)                 (98)                  (9)          (209)               39
                                       1 As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
                                         intangible assets and tax legislative changes and other tax impacts.
                                       3 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM, including a realized gain recognized by IGM in the second quarter of 2025 on the sale of a portion
                                         of its interest in Conquest, a corporate investment classified by IGM as FVOCI.


                                       For additional information on each of Lifeco, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Standalone businesses, refer
                                       to their respective “Adjustments” sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.




                                             A  52                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL POSITION




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
The condensed balance sheets of Lifeco, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and
Power Financial, as well as the Alternative asset investment platforms and Other, are presented below. These tables reconcile
the holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Corporation at June 30, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                                    June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                               Alternative asset                           Power
                                                                                                                                     investment                       Corporation
                                                                                                                       Holding    platforms and         Effect of    consolidated
                                                                                  Lifeco                IGM           company            other 1   consolidation    balance sheet
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                      10,232                  831              1,664              747            (248)          13,226
Investments                                                                  232,533                 5,564                 100           2,943             236         241,376
Investments in publicly traded operating
  companies, investment platforms and other:
   Lifeco and IGM                                                                  414                 666             21,397                −         (22,477)                −
   GBL 2                                                                              −                   −             3,518                −                −           3,518
   Other                                                                           801               1,596              1,773                −          (4,170)                −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                      521               3,292                    −          1,380            (500)           4,693
Insurance contract assets                                                        1,275                    −                   −              −                −           1,275
Reinsurance contract held assets                                               16,945                     −                   −              −                −          16,945
Other assets                                                                   26,722                4,289                 435         24,597             (176)          55,867
Intangible assets 3                                                              4,852               1,282                    1            943              (89)          6,989
Goodwill 3                                                                     11,232                2,637                    −            357             408           14,634
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                              509,315                      −                   −              −                −        509,315
Total assets                                                                 814,842               20,157              28,888          30,967          (27,016)        867,838
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                               158,070                      −                   −              −                −        158,070
Investment contract liabilities                                                87,834                     −                   −              −                −          87,834
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                              756                    −                   −              −                −             756
Obligations to securitization entities                                                −              4,959                    −              −                −           4,959
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                              −                   −                647               −                −             647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of: 4
   Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                               9,292               2,400                 250               −              (88)         11,854
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                            −                   −                   −          3,942                −           3,942
Other liabilities                                                              16,879                4,625              1,168          24,606             (842)          46,436
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                67,217                     −                   −              −                −          67,217
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                              442,098                      −                   −              −                −        442,098
Total liabilities                                                            782,146               11,984               2,065          28,548             (930)        823,813
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                                   1,500                    −                   −              −          (1,500)                −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                       2,720                    −             2,830                −          (5,550)                −
Non-participating shares                                                              −                   −                950               −                −             950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                             25,324                8,088             23,043            2,056         (35,468)          23,043
Non-controlling interests 5 6                                                    3,152                   85                   −            363          16,432           20,032
Total equity                                                                   32,696                8,173             26,823            2,419         (26,086)          44,025
Total liabilities and equity                                                 814,842               20,157              28,888          30,967          (27,016)        867,838
1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the Interim
  Consolidated Financial Statements.
3 The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
5 Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                   A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A



                                                                                                                                                                                                             December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                   Alternative asset                                     Power
                                                                                                                                                                         investment                                 Corporation




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                           Holding    platforms and                   Effect of    consolidated
                                                                                                                       Lifeco               IGM           company            other 1             consolidation    balance sheet
                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                   10,709                  910              1,606                   858                 (339)         13,744
                                       Investments                                                                231,478                5,600                 101               2,497                   311         239,987
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                          Lifeco and IGM                                                                407                634             21,202                      −             (22,243)               −
                                          GBL 2                                                                            −                  −             3,683                      −                    −           3,683
                                          Other                                                                         705              1,331              1,738                      −              (3,774)               −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                    486              3,346                    −              1,780                  (494)           5,118
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                     1,193                    −                   −                    −                    −           1,193
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                            17,842                     −                   −                    −                    −         17,842
                                       Other assets                                                                26,571                4,948                 349             20,047                   (160)         51,755
                                       Intangible assets 3                                                           4,958               1,277                    1                 828                   (90)          6,974
                                       Goodwill 3                                                                  11,428                2,637                    −                 204                  408          14,677
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            496,386                     −                   −                    −                    −        496,386
                                       Total assets                                                               802,163              20,683              28,680              26,214                (26,381)        851,359
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                             155,683                     −                   −                    −                    −        155,683
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                             90,157                     −                   −                    −                    −         90,157
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                            795                   −                   −                    −                    −             795
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                              −             5,025                    −                    −                    −           5,025
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                            −                  −                647                     −                    −             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments of: 4
                                          Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                            9,469               2,400                 250                     −                  (88)        12,031
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other                                          −                  −                   −              3,878                      −           3,878
                                       Other liabilities                                                           17,019                5,387              1,073              20,050                   (758)         42,771
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                             66,343                     −                   −                    −                    −         66,343
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            430,043                     −                   −                    −                    −        430,043
                                       Total liabilities                                                          769,509              12,812               1,970              23,928                   (846)        807,373
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                                1,500                    −                   −                    −              (1,500)               −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                    2,720                    −             2,830                      −              (5,550)               −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                            −                  −                950                     −                    −             950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                          25,321                7,801             22,930                1,972               (35,094)         22,930
                                       Non-controlling interests 5 6                                                 3,113                   70                   −                 314               16,609          20,106
                                       Total equity                                                                32,654                7,871             26,710                2,286               (25,535)         43,986
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                               802,163              20,683              28,680              26,214                (26,381)        851,359
                                       1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                       2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
                                         Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       3 The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                         Comparative figures have been disaggregated to conform to the presentation in the current period.
                                       5 Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated
                                         investments.




                                             A  54                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated assets and liabilities
Total assets of the Corporation increased to $867.8 billion at June 30, 2025, compared with $851.4 billion at December 31,




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
2024, mainly due to the following:
  Investments increased by $1.4 billion, primarily due to an increase in the fair value of bonds resulting from a decrease in
    bond yields across all geographies.
  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $12.9 billion, primarily due to the net impact of
    market value gains of $14.3 billion and net investment income of $2.2 billion, partially offset by net withdrawals (net of
    policyholder deposits) of $2.4 billion and the negative impact of currency movements of $1.7 billion.
Liabilities increased to $823.8 billion at June 30, 2025, compared with $807.4 billion at December 31, 2024, mainly due to
the following, as disclosed by Lifeco:
  Insurance contract liabilities increased by $2.4 billion, primarily due to the impact of market movements and currency
    movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
  Investment contract liabilities decreased by $2.3 billion, primarily due to the impact of currency movements, partially
    offset by the impact of market movements.
  Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $12.9 billion, primarily
    due to the net impact of market value gains of $14.3 billion and net investment income of $2.2 billion, partially offset by
    net withdrawals (net of policyholder deposits) of $2.4 billion and the negative impact of currency movements of
    $1.7 billion.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in force. Insurance
and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
                                       In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
                                       basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
                                       investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
                                       participating shares.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                    2025          2024

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents 1                                                                                                                                1,664          1,606
                                       Investment in:
                                          Lifeco                                                                                                                                                 17,253         17,108
                                          IGM                                                                                                                                                     4,144          4,094
                                                2
                                          GBL                                                                                                                                                     3,518          3,683
                                          Sagard and Power Sustainable 3                                                                                                                          1,682          1,649
                                          Standalone businesses 4                                                                                                                                    91              89
                                                                           5
                                       Other assets and investments                                                                                                                                 536            451
                                       Total holding company assets                                                                                                                              28,888         28,680
                                       Holding company liabilities
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments 6                                                                                                                      897            897
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                                          1,168          1,073
                                       Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                                          2,065          1,970
                                       Holding company equity
                                       Perpetual preferred shares 7                                                                                                                               2,830          2,830
                                       Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                     950            950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                        23,043         22,930
                                       Total holding company equity                                                                                                                              26,823         26,710
                                       Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                                              28,888         28,680
                                       1 Cash equivalents include $248 million ($340 million at December 31, 2024) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with IFRS,
                                         these are classified as investments in the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       2 Indirectly held through Parjointco.
                                       3 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
                                       4 Controlled standalone business is presented using the equity method for purposes of the holding company presentation.
                                       5 Includes $83 million of dividends declared in the second quarter by IGM (same as at December 31, 2024) and received by Power Financial on July 31, 2025. Other
                                         investments include portfolio investments in private investment funds, classified as FVPL. At June 30, 2025, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to make future
                                         capital contributions to these funds for an aggregate amount of $27 million.
                                       6 Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at June 30, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024).
                                       7 Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.




                                            A  56                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $1,664 million at June 30, 2025,




                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
compared with $1,606 million at the end of December 2024 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
details).
The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable amounted to $19 million
at June 30, 2025 ($51 million at December 31, 2024) and are included in the carrying amount of the investment platforms.

Investments
INVES TMENTS IN LIFECO, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )
The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity method
for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL,
accounted for using the equity method, increased to $24,915 million at June 30, 2025, compared with $24,885 million at
December 31, 2024:
                                                                                                               Lifeco              IGM         GBL 1           Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                           17,108                4,094       3,683         24,885
   Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                                    1,493                293          (12)          1,774
   Contribution from adjustments                                                                                (286)                 6          22            (258)
   Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                   (104)               (59)          (3)          (166)
   Dividends                                                                                                    (775)             (166)        (175)         (1,116)
   Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                                     (183)               (24)            3          (204)
Carrying value, at June 30, 2025                                                                            17,253                4,144       3,518         24,915
1 Indirectly held through Parjointco.


ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms, are
presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                           June 30,     December 31,
Carrying value, at                                                                                                                            2025            2024

Asset management companies
   Sagard                                                                                                                                     153              115
   Power Sustainable                                                                                                                           16                 2
Investing activities
   Sagard 1                                                                                                                                 1,163            1,031
   Power Sustainable                                                                                                                          350              501
                                                                                                                                            1,682            1,649
1 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.


Income Taxes
The non-capital losses of the holding company, at June 30, 2025, were $1,544 million ($1,450 million for which the benefits
have not been recognized) and are available to reduce future taxable income (including capital gains). These losses expire
from 2028 to 2045.
The capital losses of the holding company, at June 30, 2025, were $192 million, the benefits of which have not been
recognized, and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                           A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Equity

                                       NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of five series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate share
                                       capital of $950 million at June 30, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024), all of which are non-cumulative. All series are
                                       perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
                                       The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 19 of the Corporation’s 2024
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity was $23,043 million at June 30, 2025, compared with $22,930 million at December 31, 2024:
                                       Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                           2025      2024

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                                                 22,930    21,193
                                       Changes in participating shares
                                          Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                                (68)      (74)
                                          Issuance of subordinate voting shares (1,448,259 shares in 2025 and 1,372,215 shares
                                             in 2024) under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                                                 51        49
                                                                                                                                                                                           (17)      (25)
                                       Changes in retained earnings
                                          Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                      1,487     1,465
                                          Dividends declared                                                                                                                              (813)     (757)
                                          Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                               (141)     (115)
                                          Realized gains on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                                                      46       135
                                          Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                                          (169)      41
                                                                                                                                                                                          410       769
                                       Changes in reserves
                                          Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                             Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                                     (336)     114
                                             Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                                  174       (146)
                                             Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                                             63       170
                                             Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                 (183)     (259)
                                          Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                                                 2       (67)
                                                                                                                                                                                          (280)     (188)
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at June 30                                                                                                   23,043    21,749



                                       The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $35.90 at June 30,
                                       2025, compared with $35.56 at the end of 2024.




                                            A  58                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 participating preferred shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
at December 31, 2024), and 586,414,737 subordinate voting shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
589,948,328 at December 31, 2024.
At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 16,634,466 subordinate voting shares
of the Corporation, including 5,025,369 subordinate voting shares issuable pursuant to options under the Power Financial
Employee Stock Option Plan, which has been assumed by the Corporation, and 317,697 subordinate voting shares were
issuable pursuant to outstanding restricted share units.

NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
The Corporation’s Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) that commenced on March 1, 2024 expired on February 28, 2025. On
March 1, 2025, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2026 and the date
on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to this bid,
the Corporation may purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing approximately
3.7% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 18, 2025) at market prices.
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2025, the commencement
date of the NCIB.
The Corporation repurchased and cancelled 4.4 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $209 million in the six-month
period ended June 30, 2025 (4.9 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $189 million in the six-month period ended
June 30, 2024).

SUBSEQUENT EVENT
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation repurchased and cancelled, as at August 7, 2025, an additional 0.6 million
Subordinate Voting Shares pursuant to its current NCIB for a total of $31 million.


ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE

Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
fair value as follows:
  Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
    reporting date;
  Investments in private entities are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using consistently applied
    valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations are prepared by
    external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are generally used to
    corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any management
    incentives; and
  Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
    incentives.
The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
                                       sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
                                       (Lifeco, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a non-




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IFRS ratio, was $64.76 at June 30, 2025, compared with $60.44 at December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 7.1%. The
                                       Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $35.90 at June 30, 2025,
                                       compared with $35.56 at December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 1.0%.
                                                                                                                                                        June 30, 2025                                   December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                      Holding                                                      Holding
                                                                                                                     company              Fair value      Adjusted net            company         Fair value   Adjusted net
                                                                                                                 balance sheet           adjustment        asset value        balance sheet      adjustment     asset value

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Investments
                                          Power Financial
                                             Lifeco                                                                     17,253              15,657             32,910               17,108         13,184         30,292
                                             IGM                                                                         4,144                2,220              6,364                4,094         2,698           6,792
                                             GBL 1                                                                       3,518                 (967)             2,551                3,683         (1,521)         2,162
                                          Alternative asset investment platforms
                                             Asset management companies 2
                                                 Sagard                                                                     153                 253                406                  115            314            429
                                                 Power Sustainable                                                            16                   −                 16                     2            −               2
                                             Investing activities
                                                 Sagard 3                                                                1,163                  898              2,061                1,031            721          1,752
                                                 Power Sustainable                                                          350                 464                814                  501            652          1,153
                                          Standalone businesses                                                               91                  (4)                87                   89             (4)           85
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                         1,664                     −             1,664                1,606              −          1,606
                                       Other assets and investments                                                         536                    −               536                  451              −            451
                                       Total holding company assets                                                     28,888              18,521             47,409               28,680         16,044         44,724
                                       Holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments                                                897                    −               897                  897              −            897
                                       Other liabilities 4                                                               1,168                     −             1,168                1,073              −          1,073
                                       Non-participating shares and
                                        perpetual preferred shares                                                       3,780                     −             3,780                3,780              −          3,780
                                       Total holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares                                                         5,845                     −             5,845                5,750              −          5,750

                                       Net value
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
                                        Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                             23,043              18,521             41,564               22,930         16,044         38,974

                                       Per share                                                                         35.90                                   64.76                35.56                         60.44
                                       1 The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3.9 billion (€2.5 billion) at June 30, 2025 ($3.9 billion (€2.6 billion) at December 31, 2024).
                                       2 The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value. The management company of Power Sustainable is presented at its carrying value.
                                       3 Includes the Corporation’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, held by Power Financial.
                                       4 In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
                                         jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
                                         will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
                                         such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
                                         on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.


                                       Investments measured at market value and cash represent 92.0% of the total assets at fair value at June 30, 2025
                                       (91.7% at December 31, 2024). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
                                       the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $4,191 million or $6.53 per share.




                                             A  60                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
The condensed cash flows of Lifeco, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial on
a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
Corporation for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim
Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.
Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                          Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                investment                           Power
                                                                                                                  Holding    platforms and         Effect of    Corporation
                                                                              Lifeco               IGM           company            Other 1   consolidation    consolidated

Cash flows from:
   Operating activities                                                      1,318                356                 983            (147)            (872)         1,638
   Financing activities                                                     (1,600)              (453)            (1,021)              91              925         (2,058)
   Investing activities                                                         (14)               18                  96             (64)              38             74
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                (181)                  −                   −              9                −           (172)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                              (477)               (79)                 58            (111)              91           (518)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                           10,709                 910              1,606              858             (339)        13,744
Cash and cash equivalents, at June 30                                      10,232                 831              1,664              747             (248)        13,226

1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.



Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                              2024
                                                                                                                          Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                investment                           Power
                                                                                                                  Holding    platforms and         Effect of    Corporation
                                                                               Lifeco              IGM           company            Other 1   consolidation    consolidated

Cash flows from:
   Operating activities                                                      1,788                453                 898            (104)            (841)         2,194
   Financing activities                                                     (1,177)              (380)               (951)            138           1,109          (1,261)
   Investing activities                                                        (319)             (164)                375             (74)            (354)          (536)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                  173                  −                   −               8               −            181
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                465                (91)               322             (32)             (86)           578
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                             8,117                545               1,218             639             (207)        10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, at June 30                                        8,582                454               1,540             607             (293)        10,890
1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.


Consolidated cash and cash equivalents decreased by $518 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared
with an increase of $578 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Operating activities produced a net inflow of $1,638 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with a
net inflow of $2,194 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
repurchase of participating shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and redeemable units
by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation, and dividends paid by
subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization entities by IGM,
represented a net outflow of $2,058 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with a net outflow of
$1,261 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net inflow of $74 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025,
compared with a net outflow of $536 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                 A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                       As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
                                       from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
                                       holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
                                       holding company.
                                       Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                    2025     2024

                                       Operating activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends
                                          Lifeco                                                                                                                                                   775      706
                                          IGM                                                                                                                                                      166      166
                                          GBL                                                                                                                                                      175       92
                                                                                             1
                                       Corporate operations, net of non-cash items                                                                                                                (133)      (66)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   983      898
                                       Financing activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends paid on:
                                          Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                  (26)     (26)
                                          Participating shares                                                                                                                                    (756)    (708)
                                          Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                                                (70)     (70)
                                       Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                        46       45
                                       Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                    (209)    (189)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                         (6)      (3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                 (1,021)   (951)
                                       Investing activities of the holding company
                                       Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments 2                                                                                                   352      518
                                       Purchase of investments                                                                                                                                    (255)    (140)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                         (1)      (3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                    96      375
                                       Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                        58      322
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                                                   1,606     1,218
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at June 30                                                                                                                     1,664     1,540
                                       1 Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
                                       2 Includes proceeds from the sale of direct investments in energy infrastructure in the second quarter of 2025 and from the disposal of the Corporation’s investments within
                                         Power Sustainable China in 2024.




                                             A  62                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial increased by $58 million in the six-month period ended
June 30, 2025, compared with an increase of $322 million in the corresponding period in 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $983 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with a
net inflow of $898 million in the corresponding period in 2024. Dividends received from the publicly traded operating
companies include:
Six months ended June 30                                                                                                               2025                           2024
                                                                                                        Dividend per          Total dividend   Dividend per   Total dividend
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                                            share                received          share         received

Lifeco                                                                                                       1.2200                    775         1.1100              706
IGM                                                                                                          1.1250                    166         1.1250              166

   Total dividend received from Parjointco was $175 million (€112 million) for the period ended June 30, 2025, compared
      with $92 million (€62 million) for the period ended June 30, 2024.
The Corporation’s financing activities during the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 resulted in a net outflow of
$1,021 million, compared with a net outflow of $951 million in the corresponding period in 2024, and included:
   Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $782 million, compared with
      $734 million in the corresponding period in 2024. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, dividends paid on the
      Corporation’s participating shares were $1.175 per share, compared with $1.0875 in the corresponding period in 2024.
   Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $70 million, same as in the corresponding period in 2024.
   Issuance of subordinate voting shares of the Corporation for $46 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
      Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $45 million
      in the corresponding period in 2024.
   Repurchase of subordinate voting shares of $209 million, as part of the NCIB, in the six-month period ended June 30,
      2025, compared with repurchase for an amount of $189 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
The Corporation’s investing activities during the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 resulted in a net inflow of $96 million,
compared with a net inflow of $375 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
and in its investment platforms.
The Corporation decreased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
inflow of $92 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, compared with a net inflow of $11 million in the
corresponding period in 2024.


CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
   provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
   provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
      and other investments as opportunities arise;
   maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent capital;
   maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
   maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders or issue capital.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
management.
With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
effective source of permanent capital.



                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
                                       other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
                                       Financial, Lifeco, IGM and consolidated investment funds and other are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation does




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       not guarantee debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 73% of consolidated
                                       capitalization at June 30, 2025.
                                                                                                                                                                                               June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                  2025          2024
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                          647            647
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                            250            250
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                                   9,292          9,469
                                       IGM                                                                                                                                                      2,400          2,400
                                       Consolidated investment funds and Other 1                                                                                                                3,942          3,878
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                                    (88)            (88)
                                                                                                                                                                                               15,796         15,909
                                                                                                                                                                                               16,443         16,556
                                       Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                          950            950
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                          2,830          2,830
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                                   4,220          4,220
                                                                                                                                                                                                7,050          7,050
                                                                                                                                                                                                8,000          8,000
                                       Equity
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                      23,043         22,930
                                       Non-controlling interests 2                                                                                                                             12,982         13,056
                                                                                                                                                                                               36,025         35,986
                                                                                                                                                                                               60,468         60,542
                                       1 Includes other debt instruments of consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments and standalone businesses; consists of $580 million ($531 million in
                                         2024) of debt including revolving credit facilities held by the investment funds, $3,107 million ($3,091 million in 2024) of project-related debt held within the Power
                                         Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform, and $255 million ($256 million in 2024) of other debt held by standalone businesses. The other debt instruments are secured
                                         by the assets of the controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. The other debt instruments held by standalone businesses are subject to certain
                                         financial covenants including a minimum cumulative earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) covenant. At June 30, 2025, this
                                         covenant was not in compliance. The lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until April 30, 2026. See Note 9 B) to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         for additional information.
                                       2 Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Lifeco’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
                                         notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.


                                       Power Corporation
                                         The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 19, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of
                                            25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, subordinate voting shares, subscription receipts
                                            and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to
                                            access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.
                                         The Corporation commenced a NCIB on March 1, 2025 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2026 and the
                                            date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of subordinate voting shares. Refer to the
                                            section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

                                       Power Financial
                                         Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 28, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of
                                            25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
                                            debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
                                            equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Lifeco and certain of its
                                       main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory
                                       capital requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Lifeco and IGM,
                                       respectively. See Note 22 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                            A  64                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RATINGS
The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
DBRS’ current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
commitment on the obligation is still strong.
The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for
long-term debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit
quality than AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar DBRS’ current rating on
Power Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RISK MANAGEMENT
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
                                       interest in Lifeco and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest in
                                       GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating companies.
                                       A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors of Lifeco,
                                       IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees of the boards
                                       of directors of Lifeco and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation are members of these
                                       boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role as directors, they
                                       participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe risks related
                                       to Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       RISK OVERSIGHT
                                       The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
                                       oversight of its investments. Management, under the Board of Directors’ oversight, is responsible for risk management
                                       associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and maintains a comprehensive and
                                       appropriate set of policies and controls.
                                       The Board of Directors provides oversight over risk management primarily through the following committees:
                                         The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting, cybersecurity and the use of artificial intelligence.
                                         The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
                                         The Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
                                           risks related to governance and sustainability matters.
                                         The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
                                           of the Corporation.
                                       There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
                                       which investors should carefully consider before investing in securities of the Corporation. The 2024 Annual MD&A reviews
                                       certain risks that could impact the financial condition and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the
                                       Corporation. This description of risks does not include all possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation
                                       is not currently aware.
                                       During the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, there were no significant changes to the Corporation’s risk oversight
                                       approach, and the identification and management of the specific risks.




                                           A  66                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
At June 30, 2025, there have been changes to the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’
assets and liabilities recorded at fair value since December 31, 2024. These changes did not have a material impact on the
financial condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. See Note 19 to the Corporation’s Interim Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair value measurement.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
  prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
  documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;
  demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
  monitoring the hedging relationships.
There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
derivative instruments in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025. The following table provides a summary of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                           June 30, 2025                       December 31, 2024
                                                                                             Maximum                  Total              Maximum              Total
                                                                          Notional           credit risk         fair value   Notional   credit risk     fair value

Power Corporation                                                             558                  123               121         535            64             63
Power Financial                                                                 36                  22                 22         37            16             16
Lifeco                                                                    67,015                2,226                267      63,066        2,431            294
IGM                                                                         1,866                   21                  (1)    1,982            36             10
Other subsidiaries                                                          2,641                   64                 30      2,723            90             74
                                                                          71,558                2,333                318      67,808        2,573            394
                                                                          72,116                2,456                439      68,343        2,637            457


During the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, there was an increase of $3.8 billion in the notional amount of derivatives
outstanding, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities by Lifeco. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’
exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position) decreased
to $2,456 million at June 30, 2025 from $2,637 million at December 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to the euro
and British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay euros or British pounds and receive
U.S. dollars.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by Lifeco and IGM,
respectively.
See Note 28 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                              A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GUARANTEES
                                       In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
                                       of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
                                       subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
                                       amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
                                       determined. See also Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       LETTERS OF CREDIT
                                       In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Lifeco provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
                                       will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded
                                       to or amounts due from Lifeco. Lifeco may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing letters of
                                       credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A and Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
                                       arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
                                       certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
                                       position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
                                       actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
                                       Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

                                       At June 30, 2025, there have been no material changes in the contractual obligations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       from those reported in the 2024 Annual MD&A.


                                       SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS
                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries are
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
                                       managements of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
                                       credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality
                                       experience. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the management of
                                       the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or accounted for using the
                                       equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation of
                                       insurance contract liabilities, income taxes and pension plans and other post-employment benefits. These are described in
                                       the Corporation’s 2024 Annual MD&A and the notes to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                       There were no changes to the Corporation’s accounting policies from those reported at December 31, 2024, except for:
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, effective
                                       January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.




                                           A  68                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze the effect




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective.
There have been no significant changes to the standards released and updates to the future accounting changes as disclosed
in Note 2 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this committee is to review
proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to employees. Such transactions are at market
terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
In the normal course of business, Canada Life and other Lifeco subsidiaries enter into various transactions with related
companies which include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power
Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
pension and other post-employment benefits for its employees, employees of its subsidiaries, and employees of Power
Corporation and Power Financial. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate
related party and conduct review committee.
IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Lifeco. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and include
i) providing certain administrative and technology services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) the sale of residential
mortgages to Canada Life. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related
party and conduct review committee.
On March 31, 2025, GBL Capital acquired a minority interest in SHMI. This transaction was at market terms and conditions
and was reviewed and approved by a committee of independent directors appointed by GBL’s board of directors. Refer to
the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
In the second quarter of 2025, wind projects which had been developed by Potentia were sold to PSEIP in exchange for
consideration in cash. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
See Note 32 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                       The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
                                       IFRS, as issued by the IASB. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the
                                       Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All
                                       internal control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even
                                       those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
                                       and presentation.
                                       As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
                                       businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
                                       certifications filed by management of Lifeco and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in
                                       Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries
                                       and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal
                                       control over financial reporting.
                                       There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
                                       ended June 30, 2025 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal
                                       control over financial reporting.


                                       POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                       Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
                                       an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations and as provided in
                                       the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated September 10, 2024,
                                       regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation (the Decision). The following disclosure is provided further to the
                                       requirements of the Decision:
                                                                                                                                                 Corporate               Effect of                  Total             Total
                                       At June 30, 2025                                                        Lifeco                IGM         and other 1        consolidation         Power Financial Power Corporation

                                       Total assets                                                        814,842              20,157              47,880              (24,878)                858,001          867,838
                                       Total liabilities                                                   782,146              11,984              21,731                   (450)              815,411          823,813
                                       1 Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate               Effect of                 Power            Power
                                       For the three-month period ended June 30, 2025                            Lifeco             IGM          and other 1        consolidation               Financial      Corporation



                                       Cash flows from operations                                                                                                                                1,902              1,915




                                       Further to the Decision, the earnings coverage ratios set forth below have been prepared in accordance with Item 6.1 of
                                       Form 44-101F1 – Short Form Prospectus:
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                             attributable to
                                                                                                                                                Corporate               Effect of        Net earnings of    shareholders of
                                       For the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2025                         Lifeco              IGM         and other 1         consolidation         Power Financial    Power Financial

                                       Earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) 1                                                                                                      6.8                4.9
                                                                             2
                                       Earnings coverage ratio (debt)                                                                                                                             10.5                 7.6
                                       1 The earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve
                                         months ended June 30, 2025, divided by the aggregate dividend and financing charge requirements for this period. Power Financial’s annualized dividend requirements
                                         on all of its preferred shares, including those of subsidiaries, have been adjusted to a pre-tax equivalent using effective income tax rates of 13.9% for the twelve months
                                         ended June 30, 2025.
                                       2 The earnings coverage ratio (debt) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve months ended June 30,
                                         2025, divided by the aggregate financing charge requirements for this period.




                                             A  70                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DEFINITIONS
This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these
financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
this MD&A are defined as follows:
Non-IFRS financial measure     Definition                                                                               Purpose

Adjusted net earnings          Net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments.
                                                                               1
                                                                                                                        Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
  from continuing                                                                                                       underlying operating performance to that of previous
  operations 1                                                                                                          periods as it reflects management’s view of the
                                                                                                                        operating performance of the Corporation and its
                                                                                                                        subsidiaries, excluding items that are not considered to
                                                                                                                        be part of the underlying business results.
                                                                                                                        As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                                        assesses the performance of each operating company’s
                                                                                                                        contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings.

  Adjustments                  After-tax impact of any item that in management’s judgment, including                    Identifies items that are not considered part of
                               those identified by management of Lifeco and IGM, would make the                         operating performance by management, including
                               period-over-period comparison of results from operations less                            items identified by management of Lifeco and IGM.
                               meaningful. Adjustments include the Corporation’s share of Lifeco’s
                               impact of:
                                  market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current
                                    period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                  assumption changes and management actions that impact the
                                    measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                  direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus
                                    assets and liabilities; and
                                  amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                               as well as items that management believes are not indicative of the
                               underlying business results which include those identified by
                               management of a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation,
                               including:
                                  business transformation impacts (including restructuring or
                                    reorganization and integration costs, acquisition and divestiture
                                    costs);
                                  material legal settlements;
                                  material impairment charges;
                                  material impacts of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and
                                    liabilities including those as a result of income tax rate changes, and
                                    other tax impairments;
                                  certain non-recurring material items, net gains, losses or costs
                                    related to the disposition or acquisition of a business, including
                                    those related to an investment in an associate or jointly controlled
                                    corporation;
                                  impacts related to remeasurements due to market changes that
                                    result in an accounting mismatch including the remeasurement of
                                    derivatives where the hedged item is not also measured at fair value
                                    and hedge accounting is not applied, and the revaluation of
                                    redemption liabilities, share warrants and conversion options on
                                    convertible and exchangeable debt obligations;
                                  the impact of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                    related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair value of assets
                                    held within the fund, and the share of earnings (losses) from the
                                    consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors;
                                    and
                                  other items that, when removed, assist in explaining underlying
                                    operating performance.

1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        A  71
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                                                            Purpose

                                       Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of the participating               Presents the fair value of the participating shareholders’




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                    shareholders’ equity of Power Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is                equity of the holding company and is used to assist in
                                                                    calculated as the fair value of the assets of the combined Power                      assessing value.
                                                                    Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt                   This measure may be used by investors and analysts in
                                                                    and preferred shares.                                                                 determining or comparing the fair value of investments
                                                                    The investments held in publicly traded entities (including Lifeco, IGM               held by the holding company or its overall fair value.
                                                                    and GBL) are measured at their market value and investments in private
                                                                    entities and investment funds are measured at management’s estimate
                                                                    of fair value.
                                                                    The definition of adjusted net asset value involves a number of
                                                                    assumptions, judgments and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate,
                                                                    and the adjusted net asset value per share is not a representation or
                                                                    guarantee of the value a participating shareholder will be able to
                                                                    realize.

                                       Consolidated assets under    Consolidated assets under management and advisement includes                          Consolidated assets under management and
                                         management and             assets managed on behalf of clients which are beneficially owned by                   advisement and Consolidated assets and assets under
                                         advisement, and            clients including:                                                                    administration provide an indicator of the size and
                                       Consolidated assets and          Internally and externally managed funds, including proprietary                   volume of the Corporation’s consolidated businesses,
                                         assets under                     mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and institutional assets,                   including the publicly traded operating companies and
                                         administration                   where the Corporation’s publicly traded operating companies                     alternative asset investment platforms.
                                                                          and alternative asset investment platforms have oversight of the                Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                                                                          investment policies; and                                                        includes assets in which the Corporation’s consolidated
                                                                       The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the clients by asset                publicly traded operating companies and investment
                                                                         managers controlled within the investment platforms, including                   management services businesses only provide
                                                                         assets managed through a separately managed account.                             administration services, which are an important aspect
                                                                                                                                                          of the overall business and should be considered when
                                                                    Services provided in respect of assets under management and                           comparing volumes, size and trends.
                                                                    advisement include the selection of investments, the provision of
                                                                    investment advice, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of
                                                                    clients and/or the provision of financial advice.
                                                                    Consolidated assets and assets under administration includes
                                                                    consolidated assets under management and advisement, assets under
                                                                    administration only, and other assets on the balance sheet. Assets under
                                                                    administration only includes assets where the Corporation’s
                                                                    consolidated publicly traded operating companies and investment
                                                                    management services businesses only provide administration services
                                                                    for which they earn fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                                                                    owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating subsidiaries do
                                                                    not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets
                                                                    under administration only include record keeping, safekeeping,
                                                                    collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other
                                                                    administrative services.
                                                                    Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets,
                                                                    reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other assets,
                                                                    as well as the portion of investments (including investments in jointly
                                                                    controlled corporations and associates) and investments on account of
                                                                    segregated fund policyholders not included within consolidated assets
                                                                    under management and advisement.

                                       Fee-related earnings         Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and Power Sustainable                    This measure is presented for the alternative asset
                                       (of alternative asset        and includes management fees and fee-related performance revenues                     investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable,
                                       investment platforms)        earned across all asset classes, less investment platform expenses which              and is used to assess the profitability from their asset
                                                                    include i) fee-related compensation including salary, bonus, and                      management activities. This financial measure provides
                                                                    benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related performance revenues                insight as to whether recurring revenues from
                                                                    represents the realized portion of performance revenues from                          management fees and fee-related performance
                                                                    perpetual capital vehicles that are i) measured and expected to be                    revenues, which are not based on future realization
                                                                    received on a recurring basis, ii) not dependent on realization events                events, are sufficient to cover associated operating
                                                                    from underlying investments, and iii) not subject to clawback. Fee-                   expenses.
                                                                    related earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis, including non-
                                                                    controlling interests.
                                                                    Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based compensation expenses,
                                                                    ii) amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                                                                    iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses, iv) net interest, and
                                                                    v) other items that in management’s judgment are not indicative of
                                                                    underlying operating performance of the alternative asset investment
                                                                    platforms, which include restructuring costs, transaction and integration
                                                                    costs related to business acquisitions and certain non-recurring material
                                                                    items.




                                            A  72                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS ratio                Definition                                                                                Purpose

Adjusted net earnings         Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net earnings from                            Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings from




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  from continuing             continuing operations.                                                                    continuing operations on a per share basis; refer to
  operations per share        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations divided by the                           “Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations”
                              weighted average number of participating shares outstanding.                              definition above.

Adjusted net asset value      Adjusted net asset value calculated on a per share basis.                                 Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net asset
  per share                   Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of participating shares                    value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted net asset
                              outstanding at the end of the reporting period.                                           value” definition above.



These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
other entities.

RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
Adjusted Net Earnings
The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
Earnings”:
                                                                                                                         Three months ended                         Six months ended
                                                                                               June 30,           March 31,          June 30,            June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                 2025                 2025              2024                2025               2024

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations –
 Non-IFRS financial measure 1                                                                      883                  787              739               1,670             1,449
Share of Adjustments 2, net of tax
   Lifeco                                                                                         (168)                (118)             (23)               (286)                  8
   IGM                                                                                                 8                  (2)              (3)                  6                  (2)
   GBL                                                                                                 −                 22                −                  22                   −
   Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                      49                 (12)               (4)                37                   21
   Standalone businesses                                                                               −                 12               21                  12                   12
                                                                                                  (111)                 (98)               (9)              (209)                  39
Net earnings from continuing operations –
 IFRS financial measure 1                                                                          772                  689              730               1,461             1,488
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                              −                   −               −                   −                 (49)
                                              1
Net earnings – IFRS financial measure                                                              772                  689              730               1,461             1,439
1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more details on Adjustments from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Standalone businesses.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          A  73
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                    Six months ended
                                                                                                                                       June 30,           March 31,            June 30,         June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                         2025                 2025                2024             2025           2024
                                       Lifeco 1
                                          Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                              (80)                (77)                 30           (157)           123
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      8                 15                 (11)            23             (31)
                                          Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                 (3)               (29)                   1           (32)              3
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      1                   7                 26               8            23
                                          Business transformation impacts (pre-tax) 2 3                                                   (124)                   (9)               (24)          (133)            (69)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                    41                    2                   4            43             16
                                          Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
                                            intangible assets (pre-tax) 3                                                                   (34)                (35)                (35)           (69)            (69)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      8                 10                  10             18             18
                                          Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts 3                                                      8                   −                (23)              8             −
                                                                                                                                          (175)                (116)                (22)          (291)            14
                                          Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) 4                                                                  7                  (2)                 (1)             5             (6)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                   −             −              −
                                                                                                                                          (168)                (118)                (23)          (286)              8
                                       IGM 1
                                         Rockefeller debt refinancing (pre-tax)                                                               −                    −                  (2)            −              (2)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                   −             −              −
                                         Share of Lifeco adjustments (pre-tax)                                                                (4)                 (2)                  −             (6)            (1)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                   −             −              −
                                                                                                                                              (4)                 (2)                 (2)            (6)            (3)
                                          Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) 4                                                                14                    −                  (1)           14              −
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     (2)                  −                   −             (2)             1
                                                                                                                                               8                  (2)                 (3)             6             (2)
                                       GBL
                                         Share of Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                         −                  22                    −            22              −

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                         Currency translation reclassification on
                                           Power Sustainable China (pre-tax)                                                                  −                    −                   −             −             54
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      −                    −                   −             −              −
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other
                                           market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                                                  38                 (14)                  (2)           24             (18)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     11                    2                   −            13              (1)
                                         Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                                      −                    −                  (2)            −             (14)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      −                    −                   −             −              −
                                                                                                                                             49                 (12)                  (4)           37             21
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          Gain on disposal of an affiliated business of Peak (pre-tax)                                        −                    −                 46              −             46
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                   −             −              −
                                          Lion impairment and other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                          −                    −                (30)             −             (42)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                   5             −               8
                                          LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                      −                  12                    −            12              −
                                                                                                                                              −                  12                  21             12             12
                                                                                                                                          (111)                 (98)                  (9)         (209)            39
                                       1 As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 Business transformation impacts include restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs.
                                       3 Included in other non-market related impacts.
                                       4 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM, including a realized gain recognized by IGM in the second quarter of 2025 on the sale of a portion
                                         of its interest in Conquest, a corporate investment classified by IGM as FVOCI.




                                             A  74                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted Net Asset Value
The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the




                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
Asset Value”:
                                                                                                                                   June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                      2025          2024

Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
    Share capital – participating shares                                                                                            9,219          9,236
    Retained earnings                                                                                                              11,774         11,364
    Reserves                                                                                                                        2,050          2,330
                                                                                                                                   23,043         22,930
Fair value adjustments 1
    Lifeco                                                                                                                         15,657         13,184
    IGM                                                                                                                             2,220          2,698
    GBL                                                                                                                              (967)         (1,521)
    Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                    1,615          1,687
    Standalone businesses                                                                                                               (4)             (4)
                                                                                                                                   18,521         16,044
Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                              41,564         38,974

Per share 2
Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                     35.90          35.56
Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                            64.76          60.44
1 Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value adjustments.
2 Attributable to participating shareholders.


Consolidated Assets Under Management and Advisement, and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                   June 30,   December 31,
(in billions of dollars)                                                                                                              2025          2024

Total consolidated assets under management and advisement                                                                           1,307          1,259
Assets under administration only                                                                                                    2,071          2,073
                                                                                                                                    3,378          3,332
Other assets on balance sheets                                                                                                        265            267
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                                                                           3,643          3,599

    of which: total balance sheet assets                                                                                              868            851




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                A  75
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
                                       The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
                                       financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
                                       Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                                                              Three months ended                           Six months ended
                                                                                                                                    June 30,           March 31,             June 30,           June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                      2025                 2025                 2024               2025               2024

                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of
                                        Power Corporation – IFRS financial measure                                                      772                 689                  730            1,461               1,439
                                       Excluding:
                                          Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco                                                     (627)                (580)               (670)           (1,207)            (1,311)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                        (152)                (147)               (136)             (299)              (269)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                           15                 (25)                 (21)             (10)                (75)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL                                        (764)                (752)               (827)           (1,516)            (1,655)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from the holding company                                         132                   92                   87              224                169
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
                                        Investment Platforms and Other                                                                  140                   29                 (10)              169                (47)
                                       Excluding:
                                          Investing activities                                                                         (148)                 (32)                 (14)            (180)                (36)
                                          Standalone businesses                                                                             2                  (7)                   5               (5)               37
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Asset
                                        Management Activities                                                                             (6)                (10)                (19)              (16)               (46)
                                       Adjustments:
                                       Sagard
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                       12                   (8)                   3                4                  5
                                          Loss from private wealth platform and other
                                           asset management activities                                                                     −                    −                   −                −                   1
                                          Net carried interest                                                                           (30)                  (4)                (10)             (34)                (13)
                                          Share-based compensation                                                                          1                   6                    4                7                  4
                                          Amortization of intangibles                                                                       2                   1                    1                3                  2
                                          Acquisition-related costs 1                                                                       4                   2                    1                6                  1
                                          Income taxes and other                                                                           −                   (1)                  (2)              (1)                (6)
                                       Power Sustainable
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                        (1)                 (2)                  (1)              (3)                (1)
                                          Loss (earnings) from development and asset management
                                           activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on
                                           behalf of PSEIP                                                                                  3                  (2)                   4                1                  7
                                          Net carried interest                                                                              4                   3                    5                7                  6
                                          Share-based compensation                                                                          2                   −                   −                 2                 −
                                          Restructuring charges                                                                            −                    −                    2               −                 14
                                          Other                                                                                            −                    −                    1               −                   1
                                                                                                                                           (3)                 (5)                   8               (8)               21
                                       Fee-related earnings (loss) – Non-IFRS financial measure                                           (9)                (15)                (11)              (24)               (25)

                                       Sagard                                                                                              (3)                 (8)                  (2)            (11)                 (6)
                                       Power Sustainable                                                                                   (6)                 (7)                  (9)            (13)                (19)
                                       1 Includes transaction costs and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.




                                             A  76                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OTHER MEASURES

This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:




                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Term                                  Definition
Assets under management and           Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
 administration                       group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                      managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                      consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                      administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:
  Assets under management             AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
   and advisement (AUM&A)             and Mackenzie Investments. In IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
   of IGM                             Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                      and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                      institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                      responsibilities.
                                      Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                      of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.
  Assets under management             AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
   and advisement including           strategic investments, based on IGM’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments. The
   strategic investments              strategic investments included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth
   (AUM&A including SI) of IGM        management, and include interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                      Rockefeller client assets include assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
                                      investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
  Assets under management of          Assets under management of investment platforms include:
   alternative asset investment          Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
   platforms                                 commitments and permanent leverage;
                                         Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                         Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                             within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.
 Assets under administration of       Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
  Wealthsimple                        client assets in which investment management services are provided.
Book value per                        Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
 participating share                  participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

Carried interest                      Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                      the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                      predetermined hurdle return.

Fee-bearing capital                   Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                         Total capital commitments of venture capital, private equity, and certain private credit funds during
                                             the investment period;
                                         Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                             separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                         Net asset value of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including direct investments in energy
                                             assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                         Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                             within the real estate platform.
Market capitalization                 Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                      in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5            A  77
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Term                               Definition
                                       Net asset value                    On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
                                        reported by GBL                   assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                          gross cash, the present value of its Concentrix note and its treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                                                             GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,
                                                                                the present value of the Concentrix note is calculated at the market rate taking into account
                                                                                Concentrix’s credit quality, investments in private entities are measured using the
                                                                                recommendations of the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines,
                                                                                and recent investments are valued at their acquisition cost, which represents GBL management’s
                                                                                best estimate.
                                                                             GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                                                                provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.
                                                                             Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the fair value of the acquired management
                                                                                companies.
                                                                          For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                                                          (www.gbl.com).
                                       Net asset value of                 Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
                                        investment funds                  net of any liabilities.

                                       Net carried interest               Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                                                          the vesting period.

                                       Unfunded commitments               Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                                                          some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions for funds currently in the investment
                                                                          period, which are recallable by the fund.
                                       Weighted average                   Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
                                        management fee rate               asset classes during the period.
                                                                          Management fees earned during the period are divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds,
                                                                          co-investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees
                                                                          include retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                                                          fundraising closes.




                                              A  78                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adidas                       adidas AG                                                    PEM-PVC II                             Performance Venture Capital II, LP
Adjusted net earnings        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations             PEM-PVC III                            Performance Venture Capital III, LP
Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                           PEM-PVC IV                             Performance Venture Capital IV, LP
Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                       PEM-PVC V                              Performance Venture Capital V, LP
  investment platforms or                                                                 PEM-PVC VI                             Performance Venture Capital VI, LP
  Investment platforms                                                                    PEM-PVC SOF                            Performance Venture Capital Special
BEX                          BEX Capital SAS                                                                                        Opportunities Fund I, LP
BEX II                       BEX Fund II S.L.P.                                           Pernod Ricard                          Pernod Ricard SA
BEX III                      BEX Fund III S.L.P.                                          Portage Capital Solutions              Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP
BEX IV                       BEX Fund IV S.L.P.                                           Portage Ventures I                     Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
BEX V                        BEX Fund V S.L.P.                                            Portage Ventures II                    Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                            Portage Ventures III                   Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                         Portage Ventures IV                    Portage Ventures IV Limited Partnership
ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                             Portage Ventures Funds                 Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II,
Concentrix                   Concentrix Corporation                                                                                Portage Ventures III and Portage Ventures IV
Conquest                     Conquest Planning Inc.                                       Potentia or Potentia Renewables        Potentia Renewables Inc.
Diagram                      Diagram Corporation                                          Power Financial                        Power Financial Corporation
Diagram ClimateTech          Diagram ClimateTech Fund LP                                  Power group                            The Corporation and the subsidiaries and
Diagram Funds                Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II,                                                              affiliated companies of the Corporation
                               Diagram Ventures III, Diagram ClimateTech,                 Power Sustainable                      Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                               Diagram Opportunity                                        Power Sustainable Decarb PE            Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity
Diagram Opportunity          Diagram Opportunity Fund I LP                                Power Sustainable Energy or            Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Inc.
Diagram Ventures I           Diagram Ventures LP                                            Power Sustainable Energy
Diagram Ventures II          Diagram Ventures II LP                                         Infrastructure
Diagram Ventures III         Diagram Ventures III LP                                      Power Sustainable                      Power Sustainable Infrastructure
EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                              Infrastructure Credit                  Credit Manager, LP
Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America                 Power Sustainable Lios                 Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
EPA                          Euronext Paris                                               Power Sustainable Manager or PSM       Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                                       Prudential                             Prudential Financial, Inc.
Franklin Templeton           Franklin Resources, Inc.                                     PSEIP                                  Power Sustainable Energy
Frère Group                  Groupe Frère / Compagnie Nationale à Portefeuille                                                      Infrastructure Partnership
FVOCI                        Fair value through other comprehensive income                Putnam                                 Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
FVPL                         Fair value through profit or loss                            Rockefeller                            Rockefeller Capital Management
GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                     Sagard                                 Sagard Holdings Inc.
GMT                          Global Minimum Tax                                           Sagard CLO Equity                      Sagard CLO Equity Fund LP
Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                                Sagard Credit Partners I               Sagard Credit Partners, LP
HalseyPoint                  HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                            Sagard Credit Partners II              Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
IASB                         International Accounting Standards Board                     Sagard Healthcare Partners             Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards                  Sagard MidCap                          Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                                                                    Sagard MidCap 4
IG Wealth Management         Investors Group Inc.                                         Sagard MidCap II                       Sagard II-A FPCI and Sagard II-B FPCI
Imerys                       Imerys SA                                                    Sagard MidCap 3                        Sagard 3 FPCI
Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                                     Sagard MidCap 4                        Sagard 4A FPCI and Sagard 4 FIPS
Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                       Sagard NewGen                          Sagard NewGen FPCI
Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                                    Sagard NewGen II                       Sagard NewGen 2 FPCI
LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                                    Sagard Private Credit                  Sagard Private Credit LP
Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                              Sagard Private Equity Canada           Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
   Mackenzie Investments                                                                  Sagard Private Equity Strategies       Sagard Private Equity Strategies LP
Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                                   Sagard Senior Lending Partners         Sagard Senior Lending Partners
NCIB                         Normal Course Issuer Bid                                       or SSLP                                Holdings (I and II) LP, and
Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                                          Sagard Senior Lending Partners
Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                                                                        Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
PanAgora                     PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.                              Sanoptis                               Sanoptis AG
Pargesa                      Pargesa SA                                                   SGS                                    SGS SA
Parjointco                   Parjointco SA                                                SHMI                                   Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
Parques Reunidos             Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.                   SIX                                    Swiss Stock Exchange
Peak                         Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                              TSARs                                  Tandem Shares Appreciation Rights
PEM                          Performance Equity Management, LLC                           TSX                                    Toronto Stock Exchange
PEM-PDI III                  Performance Direct Investments III, LP                       Umicore                                Umicore, NV/SA
PEM-PDI IV                   Performance Direct Investments IV, LP                        USPF                                   GWL U.S. Property Fund LP
PEM-PDI V                    Performance Direct Investments V, LP                         Wealthsimple                           Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
PEM-PVC I                    Performance Venture Capital, LP                              XETR                                   XETRA Stock Exchange




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        A  79
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                       3,000          2025                                                2024                                           2023
                                                                                                           Q2            Q1            Q4           Q3          Q2          Q1             Q4          Q3        Q2        Q1
                                       Insurance revenue                                              5,551         5,486          5,399       5,292       5,273        5,250          5,174        5,110     5,081     5,037
                                       Net investment income                                          2,459         2,469          2,931       2,365       2,548        2,516          2,500        2,391     2,154     2,150
                                       Change in FVPL on investments                                  1,085         1,406         (2,886)      6,944         (848) (1,333)           11,098         (5,414) (2,626)     3,606
                                       Fee income and other revenues                                  3,255         3,169          3,201       2,939       2,935        2,729          2,601        2,569     2,564     2,433
                                       Total revenues                                                12,350       12,530           8,645      17,540       9,908        9,162        21,373         4,656     7,173    13,226

                                       Net earnings 1                                                    772          689            933          371         730         709            406          975      501       313
                                         per share – basic                                              1.20          1.07          1.44         0.58        1.12        1.09           0.63         1.47      0.75      0.47
                                         per share – diluted                                            1.19          1.05          1.43         0.56        1.12        1.08           0.61         1.47      0.75      0.47
                                       Earnings from continuing operations
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 1                         772          689            933          371         730         758            409          997      550       326
                                         per share – basic                                              1.20          1.07          1.44         0.58        1.12        1.17           0.63         1.50      0.82      0.49
                                         per share – diluted                                            1.19          1.05          1.43         0.56        1.12        1.16           0.61         1.50      0.82      0.49
                                       Adjusted net earnings from
                                        continuing operations 1 2 3                                      883          787            829          693         739         710            688          682      691       610
                                         per share – basic 2                                            1.38          1.22          1.28         1.07        1.14        1.09           1.06         1.03      1.03      0.92
                                       Adjustments 2 3 4                                                (111)          (98)          104         (322)          (9)         48          (279)         315     (141)      (284)
                                         per share – basic 2                                           (0.18)        (0.15)         0.16        (0.49)      (0.02)       0.08          (0.43)        0.47     (0.21)    (0.43)
                                       1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       2 Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share, and
                                         adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial measures or non-IFRS ratios. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section
                                         “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
                                       3 GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
                                         Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
                                       4 The Corporation’s share of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s Adjustments, including the effect of consolidation, and Adjustments of the Corporation,
                                         including in relation to its investment in ChinaAMC and Standalone businesses, are as follows:

                                                                                                                       2025                                               2024                                           2023
                                                                                                            Q2           Q1              Q4          Q3          Q2         Q1              Q4         Q3        Q2        Q1
                                          Lifeco
                                             Pre-tax                                                    (234)         (152)            (23)       (171)        (29)         11           (398)        (13)    (297)     (200)
                                             Tax effect                                                    66            34               9          28           6         20            224           2       57        39
                                                                                                        (168)         (118)            (14)       (143)        (23)         31           (174)        (11)    (240)     (161)
                                          IGM
                                            Pre-tax                                                        10             (2)             −          (3)         (3)         −            (13)          −       (72)       (9)
                                            Tax effect                                                      (2)           −             19            −           −          1              (1)         −       17         7
                                                                                                             8            (2)           19           (3)         (3)         1            (14)          −       (55)       (2)
                                          GBL
                                            Pre-tax                                                          −           22               −        (44)           −          −            (27)        314       48       (23)
                                            Tax effect                                                       −            −               −           −           −          −                  −       −        −         −
                                                                                                             −           22               −        (44)           −          −            (27)        314       48       (23)
                                          Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                            Pre-tax                                                        38           (14)           (24)        (38)          (4)        26            (59)         13         9      (48)
                                            Tax effect                                                     11              2            12            3           −         (1)                 3       (3)      (2)       1
                                                                                                           49           (12)           (12)        (35)          (4)        25            (56)         10         7      (47)
                                          Standalone businesses
                                             Pre-tax                                                         −            −           111          (97)         16         (12)             (9)         2         2        3
                                             Tax effect                                                      −           12               −           −           5          3                  1       −        −         −
                                                                                                             −           12           111          (97)         21          (9)             (8)         2         2        3
                                          Corporate operations and Other
                                            Pre-tax                                                          −            −               −           −           −          −                  −       −       97       (14)
                                            Tax effect                                                       −            −               −           −           −          −                  −       −        −       (40)
                                                                                                             −            −               −           −           −          −                  −       −       97       (54)
                                                                                                        (111)           (98)          104         (322)          (9)        48           (279)        315     (141)     (284)




                                             A  80                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(unaudited)                                                                                                                          June 30,   December 31,
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                      2025           2024

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            13,226         13,744
Investments [Note 4]
   Bonds                                                                                                                            168,363        167,400
   Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                          43,888         44,665
   Shares                                                                                                                            20,840         19,572
   Investment properties                                                                                                              8,285          8,350
                                                                                                                                    241,376        239,987
Insurance contract assets [Note 7]                                                                                                    1,275          1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 7]                                                                                            16,945         17,842
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                      2,456          2,637
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                8,211          8,801
Owner-occupied properties and capital assets                                                                                          6,442          6,269
Other assets                                                                                                                         44,714         40,668
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                   2,255          2,181
Intangible assets                                                                                                                     6,989          6,974
Goodwill                                                                                                                             14,634         14,677
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 6]                                                                    509,315        496,386
Total assets                                                                                                                        867,838        851,359

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                             158,070        155,683
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                      87,834         90,157
Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                          756            795
Obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                4,959          5,025
Power Corporation's debentures and other debt instruments [Note 8]                                                                      647            647
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments of:
   Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM [Note 9A]                                                                                         11,854         12,031
   Consolidated investment funds and Other [Note 9B]                                                                                  3,942          3,878
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                      2,017          2,180
Other liabilities                                                                                                                    43,063         39,338
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                              1,356          1,253
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 7]                                                             67,217         66,343
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                    442,098        430,043
Total liabilities                                                                                                                   823,813        807,373

Equity
Share capital [Note 10]
  Non-participating shares                                                                                                              950            950
  Participating shares                                                                                                                9,219          9,236
Retained earnings                                                                                                                    11,774         11,364
Reserves                                                                                                                              2,050          2,330
Total shareholders' equity                                                                                                           23,993         23,880
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                            20,032         20,106
Total equity                                                                                                                         44,025         43,986
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                        867,838        851,359




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                 A  81
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                             Three months ended June 30,                           Six months ended June 30,
                                       (unaudited)
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                              2025                     2024                     2025                 2024

                                       Insurance service result
                                       Insurance revenue [Note 14]                                                                           5,551                     5,273                    11,037              10,523
                                       Insurance service expenses                                                                           (4,315)                   (4,057)                   (8,591)             (8,124)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                 (379)                     (385)                     (809)               (771)
                                       Total insurance service result                                                                          857                       831                     1,637               1,628

                                       Net investment result
                                       Net investment income [Note 4]                                                                        2,459                     2,548                     4,928               5,064
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [Note 4]                                                 1,085                      (848)                    2,491              (2,181)
                                                                                                                                             3,544                     1,700                     7,419               2,883
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                               (1,637)                     (209)                   (3,063)               (182)
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                (18)                     (114)                     (157)               (165)
                                       Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                           (1,195)                     (573)                   (2,803)               (744)
                                       Net investment result                                                                                    694                      804                     1,396               1,792
                                       Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                                                          1,661                       446                     1,411               2,919
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                               (1,661)                     (446)                   (1,411)             (2,919)
                                       Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders                                                                               -                         -                       -                   -

                                       Other revenues
                                       Fee income                                                                                            2,982                     2,735                     5,929               5,306
                                       Other                                                                                                   273                       200                       495                 358
                                       Total fee income and other revenues                                                                   3,255                     2,935                     6,424               5,664

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses                                                                 3,496                     2,907                     6,726               5,807
                                       Financing charges                                                                                       215                       202                       433                 403
                                       Total other expenses                                                                                  3,711                     3,109                     7,159               6,210
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates, and income taxes                                                                    1,095                     1,461                     2,298               2,874
                                       Share of earnings of investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates [Note 5]                                                                               208                        73                       323                 137
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                                          1,303                     1,534                     2,621               3,011
                                       Income taxes [Note 16]                                                                                  113                       305                       309                 539
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                                               1,190                     1,229                     2,312               2,472
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                     -                         -                         -                (115)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                         -                         -                         -                  44
                                       Net earnings                                                                                          1,190                     1,229                     2,312               2,401

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                             405                      486                       825                 936
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                                         13                       13                        26                  26
                                          Participating shareholders                                                                            772                      730                     1,461               1,439
                                                                                                                                             1,190                     1,229                     2,312               2,401


                                       Earnings per participating share [Note 18]
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations attributable
                                        to participating shareholders
                                         Basic                                                                                                 1.20                      1.12                     2.27                2.29
                                         Diluted                                                                                               1.19                      1.12                     2.24                2.27
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
                                         Basic                                                                                                 1.20                      1.12                     2.27                2.21
                                         Diluted                                                                                               1.19                      1.12                     2.24                2.20




                                             A  82                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                            Three months ended June 30,       Six months ended June 30,
(unaudited)
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                              2025                  2024     2025               2024

Net earnings                                                                                                 1,190                  1,229    2,312             2,401

Other comprehensive income (loss)
  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
  Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
     Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                   43                    8      114                 (34)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              (5)                  (3)     (21)                  6
     Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                           6                  19         7                 38
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                               -                   (4)       -                  (9)
                                                                                                                 44                   20      100                    1

   Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
     Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                     7                  (36)      68                (12)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                               1                   10      (16)                 6
     Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                          (4)                   9      (62)                 4
        Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                              -                    (2)      16                 (1)
                                                                                                                   4                  (19)       6                  (3)
   Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
    of foreign operations
     Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                                                 (659)                  233     (307)                497
     Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                         -                     -        -                (265)
     Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments
       in foreign operations                                                                                    (49)                    2    (187)                (62)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                            (21)                    5     (10)                 12
                                                                                                              (729)                  240     (504)               182

   Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
    in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                           (70)                  39      110                   71
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                 -                    1        -                    1
                                                                                                                (70)                  40      110                   72

   Total – items that may be reclassified                                                                     (751)                  281     (288)               252

   Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
   Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments
      Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                 207                 (249)     160                (325)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             (1)                  64       (1)                 83
                                                                                                                206                 (185)     159                (242)

   Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
    in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                           (94)                (157)    (266)               (156)
   Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                            103                  119      127                338
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                               (27)                 (30)     (34)               (86)
                                                                                                                 76                   89       93                252

   Total – items that will not be reclassified                                                                  188                 (253)      (14)              (146)

Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                             (563)                   28     (302)               106

Comprehensive income                                                                                            627                 1,257    2,010             2,507


Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                    228                   551      756             1,030
   Non-participating shareholders                                                                                13                    13       26                26
   Participating shareholders                                                                                   386                   693    1,228             1,451
                                                                                                                627                 1,257    2,010             2,507




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                           A  83
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                              Share capital                                                                     Reserves
                                       Six months ended                                                                                                        Other
                                       June 30, 2025                               Non-                                                                comprehensive                                 Non-
                                       (unaudited)                         participating      Participating          Retained       Share-based              income                            controlling      Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]          shares             shares          earnings      compensation            [Note 17]                 Total       interests     equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year                 950               9,236           11,364                    327               2,003             2,330         20,106       43,986
                                       Net earnings                                 -                   -            1,487                      -                    -                 -           825        2,312
                                       Other comprehensive loss                     -                   -                -                      -                (233)             (233)           (69)        (302)
                                       Comprehensive income                         -                   -            1,487                      -                (233)             (233)           756        2,010
                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course
                                         Issuer Bid [Note 10]                         -                 (68)            (141)                     -                     -                  -            -      (209)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                           Non-participating shares                   -                    -             (26)                     -                     -                  -            -       (26)
                                           Participating shares                       -                    -            (787)                     -                     -                  -            -      (787)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                    -                    -                 -                    -                     -                  -       (556)       (556)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                       -                   -                  -                 21                       -             21              15         36
                                       Stock options exercised                        -                  51                  -                (20)                      -            (20)             15         46
                                       Realized gains on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                            -                    -               46                     -                 (46)             (46)               -          -
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                    -                   -             (169)                     1                  (3)               (2)          (304)        (475)
                                       Balance, end of period                     950               9,219           11,774                    329               1,721             2,050         20,032       44,025



                                                                                              Share capital                                                                     Reserves
                                       Six months ended                                                                                                        Other
                                       June 30, 2024                               Non-                                                                comprehensive                                 Non-
                                       (unaudited)                         participating      Participating          Retained       Share-based              income                            controlling      Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]          shares             shares          earnings      compensation            [Note 17]                 Total       interests     equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year                 950               9,284           10,005                    408               1,496             1,904         19,122       41,265
                                       Net earnings                                 -                   -            1,465                      -                   -                 -            936        2,401
                                       Other comprehensive income                   -                   -                -                      -                  12                12             94          106
                                       Comprehensive income                         -                   -            1,465                      -                  12                12          1,030        2,507
                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course
                                         Issuer Bid [Note 10]                         -                 (74)            (115)                     -                     -                  -            -      (189)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                           Non-participating shares                   -                    -             (26)                     -                     -                  -            -       (26)
                                           Participating shares                       -                    -            (731)                     -                     -                  -            -      (731)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                    -                    -                 -                    -                     -                  -       (533)       (533)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                       -                   -                  -                 13                       -             13               9         22
                                       Stock options exercised                        -                  49                  -                (54)                      -            (54)             50         45
                                       Realized gains on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                            -                    -             135                      -               (135)            (135)                -          -
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                    -                   -               41                    (26)                  2               (24)          (217)        (200)
                                       Balance, end of period                     950               9,259           10,774                    341               1,375             1,716         19,461       42,160




                                             A  84                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
(unaudited)
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                      2025                     2024

Operating activities
Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                             2,621                    2,851
Income tax paid, net of refunds                                                                                                       (564)                    (488)
Adjusting items
   Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                           1,549                     (424)
   Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                          2,535                   (4,360)
   Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                      (44)                      72
   Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                           455                      551
   Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                  (81)                    (110)
   Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                      (2,491)                   2,181
   Lifeco’s insurance and investment contract-related activities
      Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                                25,645                  21,226
      Purchases of investments                                                                                                      (26,840)                (19,120)
   Other                                                                                                                             (1,147)                   (185)
                                                                                                                                      1,638                   2,194

Financing activities
Dividends paid
   By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                                                        (557)                    (532)
   Non-participating shares                                                                                                             (26)                     (26)
   Participating shares                                                                                                                (756)                    (708)
                                                                                                                                     (1,339)                  (1,266)
Issuance of equity
   Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 10]                                                                                    46                       45
   Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                         147                       93
Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                        429                      205
Repurchase or redemption of equity
   Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under normal course issuer bid [Note 10]                                   (209)                    (189)
   Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                         (554)                     (97)
Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                       (42)                      (5)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                                 (3)                     (35)
Changes in Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM's debt instruments [Note 9A]
   Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                    -                       (60)
Changes in Consolidated investment funds and Other's debt instruments [Note 9B]
   Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                   541                      310
   Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                  (418)                    (136)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                          (50)                     (54)
Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                      647                      644
Repayment of obligations to securitization entities                                                                                    (738)                    (694)
Other                                                                                                                                  (515)                     (22)
                                                                                                                                     (2,058)                  (1,261)

Investing activities
Sales maturities and repayment of investments                                                                                         1,666                    1,684
Purchases of investments                                                                                                             (1,678)                  (1,381)
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                  (74)                    (251)
Impact from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                           -                     (211)
Business acquisitions and asset acquisition, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                  (67)                     (25)
Distribution and proceeds from disposal of investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates [Note 5]                                                                                                              544                        3
Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                   (317)                    (355)
                                                                                                                                        74                     (536)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                      (172)                     181
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      (518)                     578
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                        13,744                   10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                            13,226                   10,890

Net cash from operating activities includes
Interest and dividends received                                                                                                      4,748                    4,523
Interest paid                                                                                                                          622                      535




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                          A  85
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)

                                       Note 1      Corporate Information                                       86           Note 10          Share Capital                                                    101
                                       Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                            Note 11          Share-Based Compensation                                         103
                                                     Accounting Policies                                       87           Note 12          Capital Management                                               105
                                       Note 3      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions                89           Note 13          Risk Management                                                  107
                                       Note 4      Investments                                                 90           Note 14          Insurance Revenue                                                113
                                       Note 5      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                           Note 15          Restructuring Expenses                                           113
                                                     and Associates                                            92
                                                                                                                            Note 16          Income Taxes                                                     114
                                       Note 6      Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities              93
                                                                                                                            Note 17          Other Comprehensive Income                                       115
                                       Note 7      Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held 95
                                                                                                                            Note 18          Earnings Per Share                                               116
                                       Note 8      Power Corporation’s Debentures and
                                                     Other Debt Instruments                                    97           Note 19          Fair Value Measurement                                           117

                                       Note 9      Non-Recourse Debentures and                                              Note 20          Segmented Information                                            122
                                                    Other Debt Instruments                                     98



                                       The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

                                       Canada Life                 The Canada Life Assurance Company                           PAA                                 Premium allocation approach
                                       ChinaAMC                    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                            Parjointco                          Parjointco SA
                                       CSM                         Contractual service margin                                  Portage Ventures I                  Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
                                       Empower                     Empower Annuity Insurance Company                           Portage Ventures II                 Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                                                      of America
                                                                                                                               Portage Ventures III                Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
                                       FVOCI                       Fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                               Power Corporation or                Power Corporation of Canada
                                       FVPL                        Fair value through profit or loss                            the Corporation
                                       GBL                         Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                    Power Financial                     Power Financial Corporation
                                       IFRS                        International Financial Reporting Standards                 Power Sustainable                   Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                       IGM or IGM Financial        IGM Financial Inc.                                          Power Sustainable Energy            Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                                                                                                                Infrastructure                      Partnership
                                       IG Wealth Management        Investors Group Inc.
                                                                                                                               Rockefeller                         Rockefeller Capital Management
                                       Lifeco                      Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                                                                                               Sagard                              Sagard Holdings Inc.
                                       Lion                        The Lion Electric Co.
                                                                                                                               SHMI                                Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
                                       LMPG                        LMPG Inc.
                                                                                                                               TSX                                 Toronto Stock Exchange
                                       Mackenzie or                Mackenzie Financial Corporation
                                        Mackenzie Investments                                                                  Wealthsimple                        Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                                       Northleaf                   Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                                       OSFI                        Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                                                        Institutions




                                       NOTE 1          CORPORATE INFORMATION

                                       Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
                                       and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and
                                       for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2025 were approved by its Board of Directors on August 7, 2025.




                                              A  86                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2       BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES




                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
BA SIS OF P RESENTATION
The financial statements of Power Corporation as at June 30, 2025 have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB) using the same accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation
for the year ended December 31, 2024 except as described in the section Changes in Accounting Policies below. The financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the Corporation’s December 31, 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements and
notes thereto.
The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
elimination of intercompany transactions and balances, and consolidation adjustments.
The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Lifeco and IGM Financial, which are both public companies. The
amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements of
earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial, all
as at and for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2025. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial statements
are derived from the notes to the financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial.

SUBSIDIARIES
Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
or more of the elements of control.

JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
associates at FVPL.

COMPARATIVE FIGURES
In 2025, the Corporation reclassified certain comparative figures for disclosure items to conform to the current period’s
presentation. Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments have been disaggregated on the balance sheets to
distinguish those issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM from those consolidated within the Alternative asset investment
platforms and Other subsidiaries, which primarily represent project debt and other debt instruments of the Consolidated
investment funds. The related cash flows within financing activities have also been disaggregated in the statements of cash
flows. These reclassifications had no impact on the total assets, liabilities, equity, net earnings or total cash flows of the
Corporation.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5     A  87
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES

                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
                                       investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                                                                 % equity interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                 June 30,   December 31,
                                       Corporation                                          Classification       Incorporated            Primary business operation                                2025           2024
                                       Holding company
                                       Power Corporation of Canada                          Parent               Canada                  Holding company
                                       Power Financial Corporation                          Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                          100.0              100.0
                                       Publicly traded companies
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 1                             Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services holding company                        71.1               70.6
                                         The Canada Life Assurance Company                  Subsidiary           Canada                  Insurance and wealth management                          100.0              100.0
                                         Irish Life Group Limited                           Subsidiary           Ireland                 Insurance and wealth management                          100.0              100.0
                                         Empower Annuity Insurance                          Subsidiary           United States           Financial services                                       100.0              100.0
                                            Company of America
                                       IGM Financial Inc. 2                                 Subsidiary           Canada                  Wealth and asset management                               66.6               66.1
                                         IG Wealth Management                               Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services                                       100.0              100.0
                                         Mackenzie Financial Corporation                    Subsidiary           Canada                  Asset management company                                 100.0              100.0
                                           China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                 Associate            China                   Asset management company                                  27.8               27.8
                                           Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. 3                   Associate            Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                 70.0               70.0
                                         Rockefeller Capital Management                     Associate            United States           Financial services                                        20.5               20.5
                                       Parjointco SA                                        Joint control        Belgium                 Holding company                                           50.0               50.0
                                         Groupe Bruxelles Lambert 4                         Subsidiary           Belgium                 Holding company                                           34.2               32.9
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         and other
                                       Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                       Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                          100.0              100.0
                                         Power Sustainable Manager Inc. 5                   Subsidiary           Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                 95.5               95.5
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure            Subsidiary           Canada                  Renewable energy fund                                     41.9               46.5
                                          Partnership 6
                                         Potentia Renewables Inc.                           Subsidiary           Canada                  Renewable energy                                         100.0              100.0
                                         Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                         Subsidiary           United States           Renewable energy                                         100.0              100.0
                                       Sagard Holdings Inc.                                 Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                          100.0              100.0
                                         Sagard Holdings Management Inc. 7                  Subsidiary           Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                 59.2               63.5
                                         Wealthsimple Financial Corp. 8                     Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services                                        54.2               54.4
                                         Portag3 Ventures LP 9                              Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                     100.0              100.0
                                         Portag3 Ventures II LP 10                          Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                      27.9               27.9
                                         Portage Ventures III LP 11                         Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                      15.4               15.4
                                         Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP 12             Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                      57.1               57.1
                                       Standalone Businesses
                                         LMPG Inc.                                          Subsidiary           Canada                  Lighting solutions                                        49.6               49.6
                                       1 Power Financial holds a 68.7% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.4% equity interest in Lifeco (68.2% and 2.4%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).
                                       2 Power Financial holds a 62.7% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 3.9% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.2% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).
                                       3 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Lifeco.
                                       4 Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds a 48.0% voting interest.
                                       5 Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 74.7% and 20.8%, respectively, in Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
                                       6 Power Corporation holds a 28.9% equity interest and Lifeco holds a 13.0% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (32.8% and 13.7%,
                                         respectively, at December 31, 2024).
                                       7 Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 47.4% and 11.8%, respectively, in Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (50.8% and 12.7%, respectively, at
                                         December 31, 2024). In March 2025, GBL acquired a 5% fully diluted interest in SHMI for a consideration of US$33 million. GBL also agreed to make future commitments
                                         of €250 million over the following five years in SHMI–managed strategies. GBL holds an equity interest of 5.2% in SHMI at June 30, 2025.
                                       8 Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 13.7%, 10.5% and 30.0%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (13.8%, 10.5% and 30.1%,
                                         respectively, at December 31, 2024).
                                       9 Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       10 Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
                                       11 Sagard, Lifeco and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       12 Sagard and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 29.2% and 27.9%, respectively, in Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP (29.2% and 27.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).




                                             A  88                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CHA NGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, effective
January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.

USE OF SIGNIFICA NT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant
judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and the management of its subsidiaries are further
described in the relevant accounting policies in the Corporation’s consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto for
the year ended December 31, 2024.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze the effect
that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective.


NOTE 3      BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS

LIFECO
Sale of United Kingdom Onshore Bond Business
On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K., a subsidiary of Lifeco, announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its
onshore bond business to Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties
entered into a reinsurance agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to
Countrywide. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 million pre-tax, mainly
driven by recognition of assets associated with the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities
on account of segregated fund policyholders, with a carrying value of $2,796 million as at June 30, 2025 ($2,750 million as at
December 31, 2024), are to be transferred to Countrywide pending court approval, which is expected to occur towards the
end of 2025.




                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  89
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 4         INVESTMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
                                       Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                  June 30, 2025                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                              Carrying                      Fair                      Carrying                   Fair
                                                                                                                                 value                     value                         value                  value

                                       Bonds
                                         Designated as FVPL                                                                 152,271                    152,271                       151,279               151,279
                                         Classified as FVPL                                                                   1,853                      1,853                         1,987                 1,987
                                         FVOCI                                                                               13,956                     13,956                        13,758                13,758
                                         Amortized cost                                                                         283                        284                           376                   377
                                                                                                                            168,363                    168,364                       167,400               167,401
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                         Designated as FVPL                                                                   27,209                    27,209                        29,046                 29,046
                                         Classified as FVPL                                                                    5,911                     5,911                         4,886                  4,886
                                         FVOCI                                                                                   331                       331                           461                    461
                                         Amortized cost                                                                       10,437                    10,022                        10,272                  9,685
                                                                                                                              43,888                    43,473                        44,665                 44,078
                                       Shares
                                         Classified as FVPL                                                                   19,806                    19,806                        18,649                 18,649
                                         Designated as FVOCI                                                                   1,034                     1,034                           923                    923
                                                                                                                              20,840                    20,840                        19,572                 19,572
                                       Investment properties                                                                   8,285                     8,285                         8,350                  8,350
                                                                                                                            241,376                    240,962                       239,987               239,401
                                       N




                                       NET INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                                                                      Mortgage and                                   Investment
                                       Three months ended June 30, 2025                                   Bonds         other loans                Shares             properties                 Other          Total

                                       Net investment income
                                         Investment income earned                                        1,878                   387                 164                    138                    11         2,578
                                         Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                             FVOCI assets                                                   (6)                    -                    -                      -                     -           (6)
                                             Amortized cost assets                                            -                    1                    -                      -                     -            1
                                         Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                            (1)                    2                    -                      -                     -            1
                                         Other income (expenses)                                              -                    4                  (4)                   (53)                  (62)         (115)
                                                                                                         1,871                   394                 160                     85                   (51)        2,459
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                     323                   135               1,014                    (62)                 (325)        1,085
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                      2,194                   529               1,174                     23                  (376)        3,544


                                                                                                                       Mortgage and                                  Investment
                                       Three months ended June 30, 2024                                   Bonds          other loans               Shares             properties                 Other          Total

                                       Net investment income
                                         Investment income earned                                        1,779                    380                168                    127                  205          2,659
                                         Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                             FVOCI assets                                                    (19)                     -                  -                      -                    -           (19)
                                             Amortized cost assets                                              -                    1                   -                      -                    -             1
                                         Net ECL recovery                                                       -                    2                   -                      -                    -             2
                                         Other income (expenses)                                                -                   (2)                  6                   (46)                 (53)           (95)
                                                                                                         1,760                    381                174                      81                 152          2,548
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                  (1,065)                   112                (64)                    (22)                191           (848)
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                        695                    493                110                      59                 343          1,700




                                            A  90                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 4 INVESTMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                           Mortgage and                           Investment
Six months ended June 30, 2025                                                 Bonds         other loans                Shares     properties   Other       Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                                    3,681                   780                 309           278      112       5,160
  Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
      FVOCI assets                                                                 (7)                   -                    -            -        -         (7)
      Amortized cost assets                                                          -                   1                    -            -        -          1
  Net ECL (charge) recovery                                                        (1)                   5                    -            -        -          4
  Other income (expenses)                                                            -                   7                  (5)        (105)    (127)       (230)
                                                                              3,673                  793                 304            173      (15)      4,928
Changes in FVPL                                                               1,027                  442               1,218            (80)    (116)      2,491
Net investment income (loss)                                                  4,700                1,235               1,522             93     (131)      7,419


                                                                                           Mortgage and                           Investment
Six months ended June 30, 2024                                                 Bonds         other loans               Shares      properties   Other       Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                                    3,448                   756                337           251      418        5,210
  Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
      FVOCI assets                                                              (38)                    -                  -              -         -        (38)
      Amortized cost assets                                                        -                    1                  -              -         -          1
  Net ECL recovery                                                                 -                    4                  -              -         -          4
  Other income (expenses)                                                          -                    5                 14           (90)      (42)       (113)
                                                                              3,410                   766                351           161       376       5,064
Changes in FVPL                                                              (2,637)                   82                576           (88)     (114)     (2,181)
Net investment income (loss)                                                     773                  848                927             73     262        2,883


Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount
amortization. Income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains realized on
deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on
investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income,
and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other income includes foreign exchange gains
and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                          A  91
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 5            INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:
                                                                                                            Jointly controlled
                                                                                                                 corporations                                                                           Associates
                                       June 30, 2025                                                   Parjointco       Other ¹       ChinaAMC             Lion       Northleaf       Rockefeller        Other ¹ ²    Total

                                       Carrying value, beginning of year                                  3,683            413             1,661               -           354                   903       1,787     8,801
                                         Acquisition and investments                                          -              8                 -               -            61                      -         66       135
                                         Disposal                                                             -             (1)                -               -             -                      -        (42)      (43)
                                         Share of earnings (losses)                                          10             19                60               -            17                    (5)         34       135
                                         Changes in FVPL                                                      -               -                -               -             -                      -        188       188
                                         Share of other comprehensive
                                           income (loss)                                                     (3)              3               (60)             -                -                (47)        (49)     (156)
                                         Dividends and distributions                                       (175)             (4)              (66)             -                -                   -       (500)     (745)
                                         Effects of changes in ownership and other                            3             (53)                 -             -              (3)                   -        (51)     (104)
                                       Carrying value, end of period                                      3,518            385             1,595               -           429                   851       1,433     8,211
                                       1 Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                         to be measured at FVPL of $1,100 million at June 30, 2025 ($950 million at December 31, 2024).
                                       2 Includes the investment in Desert Quartzite, LLC, a solar and storage project located in California. In 2025, the Corporation received distributions of $496 million primarily
                                         due to the closing of a financing transaction. The investment is classified as an associate with a carrying value of $85 million at June 30, 2025 ($594 million at December 31,
                                         2024).



                                                                                                            Jointly controlled
                                                                                                                 corporations                                                                           Associates
                                       June 30, 2024                                                  Parjointco       Other ¹       ChinaAMC              Lion       Northleaf        Rockefeller        Other ¹     Total

                                       Carrying value, beginning of year                                 3,717            564             1,535            181              302                  845       1,008     8,152
                                         Acquisition and investments                                         -             32                 -               -               -                     -        219       251
                                         Share of earnings (losses)                                         75             47                55            (19)              12                  (11)          7       166
                                         Changes in FVPL                                                     -              -                 -               -               -                     -         33        33
                                         Impairment                                                          -              -                 -            (62)               -                     -          -       (62)
                                         Share of other comprehensive
                                           income (loss)                                                   (142)            13                11             (4)                -                 28            9      (85)
                                         Dividends and distributions                                        (92)            (3)              (73)              -              (8)                  -            -     (176)
                                         Effects of changes in ownership and other                           14            (10)                 -              -                -                  -            9       13
                                       Carrying value, end of period                                     3,572            643             1,528             96              306                  862       1,285     8,292
                                       1 Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                         to be measured at FVPL of $1,010 million at June 30, 2024 ($832 million at December 31, 2023).


                                       NORTHLEAF CAPITAL GROUP LTD.
                                       Additional consideration of up to $245 million may be payable at the end of five years from the acquisition date, on
                                       October 29, 2020, subject to Northleaf achieving exceptional growth in certain performance measures over this period. As at
                                       June 30, 2025, the estimated fair value of the additional consideration was $101 million ($40 million at December 31, 2024).
                                       The change in fair value of $61 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025 was recorded as an adjustment to the cost of
                                       the investment in Northleaf.

                                       LION ELECTRIC CO.
                                       In May 2025, Lion completed a restructuring transaction under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act ("CCAA"). As a
                                       result, all issued and outstanding common shares and warrants of Lion were cancelled without consideration. The Corporation
                                       held a 34.1% equity interest in Lion at December 31, 2024.




                                             A  92                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 6           SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following presents details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
requirements of each region of Lifeco’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                   June 30,              December 31,
                                                                                                                                     2025                      2024

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          21,201                     18,895
Bonds                                                                                                                              74,123                     74,444
Mortgage loans                                                                                                                      2,041                      2,083
Shares and units in unit trusts                                                                                                   163,297                    154,439
Mutual funds                                                                                                                      233,732                    232,073
Investment properties                                                                                                              11,314                     11,317
                                                                                                                                  505,708                    493,251
Accrued income                                                                                                                        926                        882
Other liabilities                                                                                                                  (3,848)                    (3,829)
Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                6,529                      6,082
Total 1 2                                                                                                                         509,315                    496,386
1 At June 30, 2025, $59,395 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Lifeco on a modified co-insurance basis ($65,315 million
  at December 31, 2024). Included in this amount are $684 million of cash and cash equivalents, $9,935 million of bonds, $17 million of shares and units in unit trusts,
  $48,724 million of mutual funds, $83 million of accrued income and $48 million of other liabilities.
2 At June 30, 2025, $2,796 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the balance sheets are expected to be transferred to Countrywide towards
  the end of 2025 ($2,750 million at December 31, 2024) (Note 3). Included in this amount are $98 million of cash and cash equivalents, $2,724 million of shares and units
  in unit trusts and $26 million of other liabilities.


CHANGES IN INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                      2025                        2024

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                        496,386                    422,956
Additions (deductions):
  Policyholder deposits                                                                                                            29,158                      21,319
  Net investment income                                                                                                             2,221                       2,348
  Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                         9,467                       5,533
  Net unrealized capital gains on investments                                                                                       4,835                      20,789
  Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                               (1,680)                      7,276
  Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                        (31,539)                    (22,855)
  Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                 13                         (21)
  Net transfer from general fund                                                                                                        7                          13
  Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                447                       2,873
                                                                                                                                   12,929                     37,275
Balance, end of period                                                                                                            509,315                    460,231




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                              A  93
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                       (by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                                   Level 1                  Level 2                   Level 3               Total

                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                      1
                                                                                                                                               371,296                   127,052                   14,132               512,480
                                       1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,165 million.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                    Level 1                  Level 2                  Level 3               Total

                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders 1                                                 348,889                  136,947                   13,354              499,190
                                       1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,804 million.


                                       During the six months ended June 30, 2025, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $2,002 million were transferred from
                                       Level 2 to Level 1 ($1,624 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2024), primarily based on Lifeco’s
                                       change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2 assets include
                                       the assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted
                                       prices in active markets and where Lifeco does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
                                       The following presents additional information about Lifeco’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
                                       which Lifeco has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                                                                                                           June 30,                 December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                             2025                         2024

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                         13,354                        13,792
                                         Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                  117                          (758)
                                         Purchases                                                                                                                                           882                         1,130
                                         Sales                                                                                                                                              (247)                         (872)
                                         Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                               32                            97
                                         Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                             (6)                          (35)
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                             14,132                        13,354


                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
                                       Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
                                       market prices with multiple pricing vendors.




                                             A  94                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 7          INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD




                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INSURANCE CONTRACT (ASSETS) LIABILITIES
                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                          Estimates of                     Risk
                                                                         present value             adjustment
                                                                              of future       for non-financial
June 30, 2025                                                               cash flows                     risk            CSM          PAA        Total

Assets                                                                        (7,087)                   1,614                4,319     (121)    (1,275)
Liabilities                                                                  128,639                    5,047               10,549   13,835    158,070
Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                       67,217                        -                    -        -     67,217
                                                                             188,769                    6,661               14,868   13,714    224,012



                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                          Estimates of                     Risk
                                                                         present value             adjustment
                                                                              of future       for non-financial
December 31, 2024                                                           cash flows                     risk            CSM          PAA        Total

Assets                                                                        (4,397)                     584                2,672      (52)    (1,193)
Liabilities                                                                  124,143                    6,155               11,768   13,617    155,683
Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                       66,343                        -                    -        -     66,343
                                                                             186,089                    6,739               14,440   13,565    220,833


REINSURANCE CONTRACT HELD ASSETS (LIABILITIES)
                                                                                                      Not measured under the PAA
                                                                          Estimates of                      Risk
                                                                         present value              adjustment
                                                                              of future        for non-financial
June 30, 2025                                                               cash flows                      risk            CSM         PAA        Total

Assets                                                                         15,701                      749                 355     140      16,945
Liabilities                                                                    (2,458)                   1,006                 711     (15)       (756)
                                                                               13,243                    1,755               1,066     125      16,189



                                                                                                      Not measured under the PAA
                                                                          Estimates of                      Risk
                                                                         present value              adjustment
                                                                              of future        for non-financial
December 31, 2024                                                           cash flows                      risk            CSM         PAA        Total

Assets                                                                         16,644                      731                 344     123      17,842
Liabilities                                                                    (2,488)                   1,021                 728     (56)       (795)
                                                                               14,156                    1,752               1,072      67      17,047




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      A  95
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 7 INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       DISCOUNT RATES
                                       The following tables provide the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by Lifeco to discount liability cash
                                       flows by major currency:

                                       June 30, 2025                                               Year 1               Year 5              Year 10             Year 20         Year 30   Year 50
                                                Lower                                               3.8%                 4.0%                 4.5%                 4.7%          4.8%      4.8%
                                       CAD
                                                Upper                                               4.2%                 4.5%                 5.0%                 5.2%          5.2%      5.2%
                                                Lower                                               4.7%                 4.6%                 5.1%                 5.9%          5.6%      5.1%
                                       USD
                                                Upper                                               5.2%                 5.2%                 5.7%                 6.5%          6.2%      5.4%
                                                Lower                                               2.2%                 2.6%                 3.1%                 3.5%          3.7%      4.5%
                                       EUR
                                                Upper                                               3.2%                 3.5%                 4.0%                 4.4%          4.5%      4.6%
                                                Lower                                               4.4%                 4.5%                 5.1%                 5.9%          6.1%      4.4%
                                       GBP
                                                Upper                                               5.1%                 5.2%                 5.9%                 6.7%          6.8%      5.1%



                                       December 31, 2024                                           Year 1               Year 5              Year 10             Year 20         Year 30   Year 50
                                                Lower                                               4.2%                 4.2%                 4.5%                 4.6%          4.6%      4.9%
                                       CAD
                                                Upper                                               4.6%                 4.6%                 4.9%                 5.0%          5.0%      5.0%
                                                Lower                                               4.9%                 5.2%                 5.4%                 5.8%          5.6%      5.1%
                                       USD
                                                Upper                                               5.4%                 5.7%                 5.8%                 6.2%          5.9%      5.3%
                                                Lower                                               2.5%                 2.5%                 2.8%                 3.0%          3.2%      4.3%
                                       EUR
                                                Upper                                               3.6%                 3.6%                 3.8%                 4.0%          4.1%      4.5%
                                                Lower                                               4.9%                 4.8%                 5.1%                 5.7%          5.7%      4.3%
                                       GBP
                                                Upper                                               5.7%                 5.5%                 5.9%                 6.5%          6.5%      5.1%

                                       The spot rates in the tables above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets.
                                       When interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a
                                       risk-free rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.




                                             A  96                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 7 INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CSM
The concentration of insurance risk of Lifeco by business is as follows:

                                                                                 Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                        Participating
                                                                                                                                                             account
                                                                                                                 Capital                                   surplus in
                                                                                  United                        and Risk                   Segregated         Lifeco's
Six months ended June 30, 2025                                     Canada         States         Europe        Solutions           Total        funds    subsidiaries 1       Total 2

CSM, beginning of year                                                690             55         3,664           2,436            6,845       3,268          3,255          13,368
  CSM recognized for services provided                                (36)            (4)         (160)           (130)            (330)       (200)           (76)           (606)
  Contracts initially recognized in the period                         16              -           114              72              202          69             54             325
  Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                             10             16            38              14               78           7            180             265
  Net finance (income) expenses from
    insurance contracts                                                10              2            45              32               89          (7)             -              82
  Effect of movement in exchange rates                                  -             (4)          184              89              269         111            (12)            368
CSM, end of period                                                    690             65         3,885           2,513            7,153       3,248          3,401          13,802
1 Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
2 The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                                                                 Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                        Participating
                                                                                                                                                             account
                                                                                                                 Capital                                   surplus in
                                                                                  United                        and Risk                   Segregated         Lifeco's
Year ended December 31, 2024                                       Canada         States         Europe        Solutions           Total        funds    subsidiaries 1       Total 2

CSM, beginning of year                                              1,159             24         3,255           1,745            6,183       3,298          3,154          12,635
  CSM recognized for services provided                               (103)            (5)         (286)           (178)            (572)       (408)          (151)         (1,131)
  Contracts initially recognized in the year                           36              -           371             251              658         170            119             947
  Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                           (431)            31            79             477              156         197            113             466
  Net finance (income) expenses from
    insurance contracts                                                29              1            79              47              156         (17)             -             139
  Effect of movement in exchange rates                                  -              4           166              94              264          28             20             312
CSM, end of year                                                      690             55         3,664           2,436            6,845       3,268          3,255          13,368

1 Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
2 The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



NOTE 8           POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                                 June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                                                                   2025                    2024

POWER CORPORATION
Debentures – unsecured
  8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                                                               150                      150
  4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                                                             249                      249
  4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                                                               248                      248

Total Power Corporation                                                                                                                             647                      647

The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At June 30, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           A  97
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 9           NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       A) POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
                                       The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM. The
                                       debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
                                       debentures and other debt instruments of Lifeco and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Lifeco or its subsidiaries, as
                                       applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of IGM and are non-
                                       recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                                                                          June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                            2025            2024

                                       POWER FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                                                                                   250           250

                                       Total Power Financial                                                                                                                                   250           250

                                       LIFECO
                                       Debentures and Senior Bonds – unsecured
                                          1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) 1                                                                                              799          743
                                          3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                                                                               499          499
                                          6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                                                                                   100          100
                                          4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) 1                                                                                             797          742
                                          2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                                                                                    598          598
                                          6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                                                                                197          197
                                          6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                                                                                   397          396
                                          5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                                                                               343          343
                                          2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                                                                                    494          494
                                          7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)                                                                        155          155
                                                                                                                                                                                              4,379        4,267

                                       Other Debt Instruments – unsecured
                                         Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rate of
                                           4.584% (4.930% at December 31, 2024)                                                                                                                136           144
                                         0.904% senior notes due August 12, 2025 (US$500 million)                                                                                              680           719
                                         1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                                                                           543           575
                                         4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                                                                                 407           431
                                         4.51% mortgage on investment property due January 1, 2029 (US$39 million)                                                                              50            54
                                         1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                                                                               542           574
                                         4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                                                                                  938           993
                                         4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                                                                                 674           714
                                         3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                                                                           943           998
                                                                                                                                                                                              4,913        5,202

                                       Total Lifeco                                                                                                                                           9,292        9,469
                                       1 Designated by Lifeco as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                            A  98                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 9 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                             2025           2024

IGM FINANCIAL
Debentures – unsecured
  3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                                      400             400
  6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                                     125             125
  7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                                           150             150
  7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                                     175             175
  7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                                         150             150
  6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                                     200             200
  4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                                      200             200
  4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                                     250             250
  4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                                        200             200
  4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                                       250             250
  5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                                         300             300
Debentures of IGM held by Lifeco as investments                                                                              (88)            (88)

Total IGM                                                                                                                   2,312          2,312

Total Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                                                      11,854         12,031


CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
cash and non-cash changes.
                                                                                                                           June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                             2025           2024

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                 12,031         11,608
  Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                            -            (60)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                (177)           156
Balance, end of period                                                                                                     11,854         11,704




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                A  99
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 9 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       B) CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENT FUNDS AND OTHER
                                       The following table presents the other debt instruments held within alternative asset investment platforms and other. All other
                                       debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of the
                                       Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                                                                           June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                             2025            2024

                                       OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
                                       Investment Funds and Other – secured
                                          Revolving credit facility up to $450 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 2.75%,
                                           prime rate plus 1.75%, U.S. base rate plus 1.75% or SOFR plus 2.75%
                                           ($52 million and US$160 million) ($17 million and US$179 million at December 31, 2024)                                                               270           274
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$90 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 1.8%
                                           (US$2 million) (US$58 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                                    3            83
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate
                                           minus 0.35% (US$32 million) (US$11 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                      44            16
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$53 million, with interest equal to SOFR rate plus 2.0%
                                           (US$8 million) (US$5 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                                    10             7
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$49 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 2.0%
                                           (US$43 million) (US$49 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                                  59            71
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$48 million with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 1.75% or SOFR plus 2.65% (US$48 million) (US$26 million at December 31, 2024)                                                               65            37
                                          Revolving credit facility up to $14 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                                               5             -
                                          Mortgage on investment properties, due in December 2029 and June 2030,
                                           with interest equal to 5.16% and 5.34% (US$57 million) (US$29 million at December 31, 2024)                                                           78            43
                                          Senior loan facility due in May 2028, with interest equal to 8.97% (US$22 million)                                                                     31             -
                                          Mezzanine loan due in February 2029, with interest equal to 15.0% (€9 million)                                                                         15             -
                                                                                                                                                                                                580           531

                                       Renewable Energy – Project debt – secured
                                         Construction loan facilities due in May 2026, bearing interest at rates equal to
                                          SOFR plus 2.25% or U.S. base rate plus 1.25% (US$431 million)
                                          (US$420 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                                                 589           604
                                         Loan facilities due from December 2030 to December 2037, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 4.23% to 6.0% and CORRA plus 1.625%                                                                                                476           496
                                         Loan facilities due from May 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 3.62% to 6.93% and prime rate plus 1.5% ($1,065 million and
                                          US$152 million) ($1,105 million and US$160 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                             1,272        1,335
                                         Loan facilities due from June 2026 to March 2048, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 2.73% to 6.89% and SOFR plus 2.0% (US$501 million)
                                          (US$395 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                                                 683           568
                                         Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                                                                       87            88
                                                                                                                                                                                               3,107        3,091

                                       Standalone Businesses – secured
                                          Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in September 2025 bearing interest at
                                           various rates equal to prime rate plus 4.0%, CORRA plus 5.0% or SOFR plus 5.0% 1                                                                     182           186
                                          Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 13.5%, principal and accrued
                                           interest payable at maturity in March 2026 1                                                                                                          73            70
                                                                                                                                                                                                255           256

                                       Total Consolidated investment funds and Other                                                                                                           3,942        3,878
                                       1 The revolving credit, term loan and subordinated term facilities are subject to certain financial covenants including a minimum cumulative EBITDA covenant. At June 30,
                                         2025, this covenant was not in compliance. The lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until April 30, 2026.

                                       In the second quarter of 2025, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership entered into
                                       a loan facility for up to US$250 million, maturing in 2030 and bearing interest at SOFR plus 2.25%. The proceeds will be used
                                       to refinance construction loan facilities and fund solar energy projects. No amounts were drawn on this facility at June 30,
                                       2025.




                                            A  100                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 9 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENT FUNDS AND OTHER
The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
cash changes.
                                                                                                                                              June 30,                 June 30,
                                                                                                                                                2025                     2024

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                     3,878                    3,017
  Acquisitions                                                                                                                                    46                       26
  Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                             541                      310
  Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                            (418)                    (136)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                   (105)                      26
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                         3,942                    3,243



NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL

AUTHORIZED
The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
                                                                                                                             June 30, 2025                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                                           Number                    Share              Number            Share
                                                                                                           of shares                capital             of shares        capital
                                                                                                                                         $                                       $
Non-Participating Shares
First Preferred Shares
   Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
       Series A                                                                                       6,000,000                       150         6,000,000                150
       Series B                                                                                       8,000,000                       200         8,000,000                200
       Series C                                                                                       6,000,000                       150         6,000,000                150
       Series D                                                                                      10,000,000                       250        10,000,000                250
       Series G                                                                                       8,000,000                       200         8,000,000                200
Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                                                        950                                  950

Participating Shares
Participating Preferred Shares                                                                       54,860,866                       233        54,860,866                233
Subordinate Voting Shares
  Balance, beginning of year                                                                        589,948,328                    9,003       597,387,873               9,051
      Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                  1,448,259                       51         3,165,255                 113
      Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid                                      (4,423,000)                     (68)      (10,604,800)               (161)
  Balance, end of period                                                                            586,973,587                    8,986       589,948,328               9,003

Total Participating Shares                                                                                                         9,219                                 9,236




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         A  101
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 10      SHARE CAPITAL (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Participating Shares
                                       During the six months ended June 30, 2025, 1,448,259 Subordinate Voting Shares were issued under the Corporation’s
                                       Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $46 million (1,372,215 Subordinate Voting Shares issued for the six months
                                       ended June 30, 2024 for a consideration of $45 million).
                                       During the six months ended June 30, 2025, dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares amounted to
                                       $1.2250 per share ($1.1250 per share in 2024).

                                       Normal Course Issuer Bids
                                       On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 28,
                                       2025. On March 1, 2025, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2026
                                       and the date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares.
                                       Pursuant to this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding
                                       (representing approximately 3.7% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 18, 2025) at
                                       market prices.
                                       In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
                                       parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
                                       NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
                                       self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
                                       During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Corporation purchased for cancellation 4,423,000 Subordinate Voting
                                       Shares pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $209 million (4,909,800 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $189 million during
                                       the six months ended June 30, 2024).
                                       In the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the
                                       shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value of share capital was $141 million and
                                       was recognized as a reduction to retained earnings ($115 million during the six months ended June 30, 2024).
                                       Subsequent event
                                       Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as of August 7, 2025, an additional 581,800 Subordinate Voting
                                       Shares pursuant to its current NCIB, for a total of $31 million.




                                           A  102                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
STOCK OPTION PLAN
On June 30, 2025, there were 19,476,967 Subordinate Voting Shares and 5,030,084 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved for
issuance under Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock Option Plan,
assumed by Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans).
A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs), as at
June 30, 2025 and 2024, and changes during the respective periods then ended, is as follows:

                                                                                                               June 30, 2025                                      June 30, 2024
                                                                                                            Weighted-average                                   Weighted-average
                                                                                              Options           exercise price                   Options           exercise price
                                                                                                                               $                                                 $
Outstanding, beginning of year                                                          18,804,983                         32.77            23,532,731                    32.41
  Granted                                                                                1,158,924                         50.37             1,292,486                    38.09
  Exercised or surrendered for cash                                                     (3,306,491)                        32.45            (3,103,153)                   31.87
Outstanding, end of period                                                              16,657,416                         34.06            21,722,064                    32.82

Options exercisable, end of period                                                      12,587,727                         31.98            17,125,521                    31.99

The exercise price of the 16,657,416 outstanding options ranges from $28.51 to $50.37.

TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at June 30, 2025 and 2024, and changes during
the respective periods then ended, is as follows:

                                                                                              June 30, 2025                                                        June 30, 2024
                                                               Weighted-average                   Fair value                             Weighted-average              Fair value
                                                         TSARs     exercise price                 of liability                     TSARs     exercise price            of liability
                                                                                       $                     $                                             $                     $
Outstanding, beginning of year                    7,751,627                     31.40                      84              10,606,606                31.71                    67
  Surrendered for cash                           (1,858,232)                    33.00                     (29)             (1,730,938)               31.10                   (13)
  Change in fair value                                                                                     49                                                                  2
Outstanding, end of period                        5,893,395                     30.90                    104                8,875,668                31.83                    56

TSARs exercisable, end of period                  5,893,395                     30.90                                       8,875,668                31.83


The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $104 million at June 30, 2025 ($84 million at December 31, 2024)
and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at June 30, 2025 was $131 million ($104 million at
December 31, 2024).
The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions:
                                                                                                                                          June 30,                      June 30,
                                                                                                                                            2025                          2024

Dividend yield                                                                                                                              5.6%                         5.4%
Expected volatility                                                                                                                17.7% - 19.9%                17.5% – 20.8%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                              2.8% - 2.9%                  3.7% – 4.8%
Expected remaining life (years)                                                                                                         0.7 - 3.8                    0.6 – 4.8
Share price ($/share)                                                                                                                      53.19                        38.02
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                                 30.90                        31.83
Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                                     17.69                         6.26


The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-
based payments and related liability. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, a net gain of $3 million (a net loss of $1 million
in 2024) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative
instruments, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            A  103
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 11      SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       COMPENSATION EXPENSE
                                       During the six months ended June 30, 2025, Power Corporation granted 1,158,924 options (1,292,486 options for the six
                                       months ended June 30, 2024) under its Executive Stock Option Plan. Generally, the options vest on the basis of [i] the first
                                       50%, three years from the date of the grant and [ii] the remaining 50% four years from the date of the grant.
                                       The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
                                       average assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                                           June 30,   June 30,
                                                                                                                                                                             2025       2024

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                                        5.7%      5.5%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                                                  18.3%     18.6%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                               3.1%      3.4%
                                       Expected life (years)                                                                                                                  9.1       9.2
                                       Fair value ($/option)                                                                                                                 4.00      3.53
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                           50.37     38.09


                                       The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
                                       expected option life.
                                       Lifeco, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to certain
                                       officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation plans.
                                       Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options or the
                                       fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. For the three months ended June 30,
                                       2025, total compensation expense relating to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       amounted to $13 million ($13 million in 2024), and $36 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 ($22 million in 2024),
                                       and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.

                                       RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
                                       The Corporation granted Restricted Share Units (RSUs) to an executive to assist in retention and further alignment of their
                                       interests with those of the shareholders. The fair value of the RSUs granted was measured based on the market value of the
                                       Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares at the grant date and vest on the basis of [i] 25% two years from the date of grant;
                                       [ii] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [iii] 25% four years from the date of grant. Additional RSUs are issued in respect
                                       to dividends declared on the Subordinate Voting Shares at the dividend payment date. At June 30, 2025, 314,239 RSUs were
                                       outstanding and have not vested.

                                       PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
                                       In 2025, the Corporation established a Performance Restricted Share Unit (PRSU) Plan for selected employees and officers
                                       (participants) to promote long-term share ownership, align participants and shareholders’ interests and enhance the
                                       Corporation’s ability to attract and retain key talent. A maximum of 8,000,000 aggregate Subordinate Voting Shares may be
                                       issued pursuant to the grants made under the PRSU Plan. The value of each PRSU is based on the share price of the
                                       Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares. Additional PRSUs are issued in respect to dividends payable on the Subordinate
                                       Voting Shares based on the value of the PRSUs at the dividend payment date. Under the terms of the Plan, PRSUs are subject
                                       to time and performance vesting conditions. Grants under the PRSU Plan will generally vest over three years from the grant
                                       date and expire 10 years from the date of the grant. A vested PRSU may be settled, based on the election of the participant,
                                       in (i) equity: the issuance of one Subordinate Voting Share for each PRSU then being settled, or (ii) cash: a cash payment equal
                                       to the fair market value on the redemption date of the PRSU. It is anticipated that grants under the PRSU Plan would be made
                                       in lieu of an equivalent grant-date fair value of Performance Share Units (PSUs) and/or Performance Deferred Share Units
                                       (PDSUs) and, in most cases, entirely replace grants of PSUs and PDSUs. At June 30, 2025, no PRSUs were outstanding.




                                           A  104                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
POWER CORPORATION
As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
  provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
  provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
    and other investments as opportunities arise;
  maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
    capital;
  maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
  maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders or issue capital.
The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent capital.
The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and fixed income
securities for liquidity purposes.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
management.
The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Lifeco and certain of its
main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory
capital requirements and they manage their capital as described below.




                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  105
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       LIFECO
                                       Lifeco manages its capital on a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary objectives
                                       of Lifeco’s capital management strategy are:
                                         to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                           regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                         to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Lifeco ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                         to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Lifeco’s operational risks and
                                           strategic plans.
                                       Management of Lifeco is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the
                                       capital plan.
                                       The target level of capitalization for Lifeco and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability
                                       of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by
                                       various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Lifeco, and the desire to hold sufficient
                                       capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Lifeco with a high degree of confidence.
                                       In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
                                       the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The
                                       LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined by OSFI as the aggregate
                                       of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of available capital, surplus allowance
                                       and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a supervisory target total ratio of 100%, and a supervisory minimum total ratio of
                                       90%. Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT ratio at June 30, 2025 was 132% (130% at December 31, 2024).
                                       Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of Lifeco are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements
                                       in their respective jurisdictions.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
                                       which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
                                       management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
                                       a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
                                       conditions.
                                       IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
                                       investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.
                                       The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers,
                                       exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are
                                       required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At June 30,
                                       2025, IGM subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

                                       ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
                                       Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
                                       order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
                                       liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At June 30, 2025, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.




                                           A  106                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
monitor, report and mitigate material risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related
to financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
    they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
  Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails
    to meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit
    spreads on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
  Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
    investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
    risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
     Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
      operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
      different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
     Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest
      rates.
     Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
      volatility in equity markets.
Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries’ internal models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
net earnings will be as indicated.
The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other (other subsidiaries) are discussed. Risks related to Lifeco
and IGM are discussed in subsequent sections. For a more detailed discussion, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.




                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  107
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       POWER CORPORA TION, POWER FINANCIAL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT
                                       P LA TFORMS AND OTHER

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       Power Corporation is a holding company. As such, the holding company’s cash flows are principally derived from dividends
                                       received from its subsidiaries and income from investments, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes and
                                       payment of dividends to its participating and non-participating shareholders. As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability
                                       to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries and other
                                       investments. Lifeco and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
                                       regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s subsidiaries are also subject to minimum
                                       capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating
                                       subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the Corporation in future periods remains at the
                                       discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and
                                       creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well as on their ability to pay dividends.

                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
                                       liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities,
                                       client funds on deposit, other loans and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to
                                       an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum
                                       ratings and concentration limits.
                                       The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
                                       equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans and private investment
                                       funds), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

                                       Equity Risk
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL.
                                       Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
                                       directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
                                       in net earnings. As at June 30, 2025, the Corporation’s investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. At June 30, 2025,
                                       the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and other
                                       subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $387 million loss recorded in net earnings related to investments
                                       classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL ($342 million at
                                       December 31, 2024).
                                       GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. Unrealized gains and losses on investments
                                       classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
                                       Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at June 30, 2025, the
                                       impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $192 million unrealized loss ($220 million
                                       at December 31, 2024) to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a
                                       $75 million loss ($75 million at December 31, 2024) recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL,
                                       representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure and management of liquidity risk, credit risk and market
                                       risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.




                                           A  108                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
LIFECO
The risk committee of the board of directors of Lifeco is responsible for the oversight of Lifeco’s key risks. Lifeco has
established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks associated
with financial instruments and insurance contracts. Lifeco’s approach to risk management has not changed significantly since
December 31, 2024. Certain risks are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of Lifeco’s risk governance structure
and risk management approach, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
December 31, 2024.

LIQUIDITY RISK
Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage liquidity risk:
  Management of Lifeco closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and
    forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
  Management of Lifeco closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
    requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
    market transactions. Lifeco maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

CREDIT RISK
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
meet obligations as they come due. No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2024.
Expected Credit Losses
The majority of Lifeco’s financial assets are measured at FVPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL model
only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance at Lifeco was $30 million at June 30,
2025, of which $4 million was Stage 1, $18 million was Stage 2 and $8 million was Stage 3 ($33 million at December 31, 2024,
of which $5 million was Stage 1, $21 million was Stage 2 and $7 million was Stage 3).

Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVPL
The carrying value of Lifeco’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to credit
risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. Fair
value losses of $69 million and $125 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively ($40 million for
the three and six months ended June 30, 2024) are reflected in changes in FVPL in the statement of earnings related to
significant credit events occurring on financial instruments designated as FVPL.

MARKET RISK
Foreign Exchange Risk
If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
rates can expose Lifeco to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
  A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
    insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
    an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
    would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting
    assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.
Lifeco has net investments in foreign operations. Lifeco’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros and
U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations,
net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening
of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Lifeco’s total equity.
Correspondingly, Lifeco’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  109
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Interest Rate Risk
                                       The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to interest rate risk:
                                         Lifeco manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                         Lifeco uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund
                                           assets and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each of its segment are generally managed in relation to the
                                           liabilities in the segment.
                                         For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
                                           or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available
                                           to match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-
                                           fixed income assets while the rest are duration matched.
                                         Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                           exposure to interest rate changes.
                                         To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
                                           change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                         For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash
                                           flows of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and non-fixed income assets.
                                         The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
                                           asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                       The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
                                       supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings.
                                       Lifeco’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general
                                       fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of
                                       financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general
                                       fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
                                       illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in market yield curves
                                                                                                                                                 June 30, 2025                               December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                            Increase                  Decrease                   Increase              Decrease
                                                                                                                     50 basis points            50 basis points           50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                                                       interest rates             interest rates            interest rates         interest rates

                                       Net earnings                                                                              100                      (125)                     125                    (150)
                                       Equity                                                                                     50                      (100)                      75                    (125)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
                                       Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                       positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom and are
                                       positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary
                                       by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the
                                       estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                       The potential impact on the net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Lifeco’s ultimate
                                       investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of net earnings to a
                                       10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 million or a decrease of
                                       $25 million post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10 million.




                                           A  110                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium.
Change in credit spreads
                                                                                                                  June 30, 2025                        December 31, 2024
                                                                                             Increase                  Decrease            Increase              Decrease
                                                                                      50 basis points            50 basis points    50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                       credit spreads             credit spreads     credit spreads         credit spreads

Net earnings                                                                                      200                      (250)              250                   (300)
Equity                                                                                            275                      (350)              325                   (400)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes
in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the
discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise
from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.

Equity Risk
Lifeco has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly defined
limits to mitigate price risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum
Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest
rate derivatives.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to Lifeco on segregated fund business that it does not
hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that Lifeco hedges,
there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
The following table provides information on the expected immediate impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or
decrease in the value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in publicly traded common share values
                                                                                                June 30, 2025                                           December 31, 2024
                                                                  Increase                           Decrease                      Increase                      Decrease
                                                    20%                10%              10%                20%             20%        10%              10%             20%

Net earnings                                        75                 50              (50)              (100)             100         50              (50)          (100)
Equity                                             550                275             (275)              (550)             525        250             (250)          (525)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on the net earnings and equity from market movements.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
value of other non-fixed income assets on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                                                                                June 30, 2025                                           December 31, 2024
                                                                  Increase                           Decrease                      Increase                      Decrease
                                                    10%                 5%               5%                10%             10%          5%              5%             10%

Net earnings                                       425                200             (225)              (450)             425        225             (225)          (450)
Equity                                             450                225             (250)              (475)             475        250             (250)          (500)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      A  111
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
                                       the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.
                                       The risk management policies and procedures of IGM have not changed materially since December 31, 2024. Certain risks
                                       are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of IGM’s risk governance structure and risk management approach, refer
                                       to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
                                       normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
                                         Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
                                         Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
                                         Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                                         Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                                         Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
                                         Oversight of liquidity risks by its internal financial risk management committee.
                                       A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
                                       products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
                                       IGM believes its cash flows from operations, available cash balances and other sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet its
                                       liquidity needs. IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding risk have not changed materially since
                                       December 31, 2024.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk. IGM
                                       monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
                                       IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at June 30, 2025 ($1 million at December 31, 2024), and is
                                       considered adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on:
                                       i) historical credit performance experience; ii) recent trends in interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other
                                       relevant characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of losses under adverse
                                       real estate market conditions.
                                       IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities, mortgage
                                       portfolios and derivatives have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Foreign Exchange Risk
                                       IGM is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the carrying value due
                                       to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in other comprehensive income. As of June 30, 2025, a 5% appreciation
                                       in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease the aggregate carrying value of foreign investments by
                                       approximately $132 million ($138 million at December 31, 2024).




                                           A  112                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 14 INSURANCE REVENUE




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                  Three months ended June 30,           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                      2025                   2024      2025                2024

Contracts not measured under the PAA
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
  Experience adjustments                                                                             (18)                     (22)      (45)               (31)
  CSM recognized for services provided                                                               340                      312       671                622
  Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                  149                      154       302                306
  Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                    2,481                    2,367     4,921              4,699
  Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                       161                      145       328                288
                                                                                                   3,113                    2,956     6,177              5,884
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                   2,438                    2,317     4,860              4,639
Total insurance revenue                                                                            5,551                    5,273    11,037             10,523



NOTE 15 RESTRUCTURING EXPENSES

LIFECO
Lifeco recorded restructuring provisions of $266 million and $276 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025,
respectively. The provisions recorded in the three months ended June 30, 2025, are related to planned technology and
efficiency initiatives intended to position Lifeco for future growth and expense savings, primarily driven by initiatives in Canada
of $226 million and Europe of $23 million. Lifeco expects to complete these restructuring initiatives within three years. For the
three and six months ended June 30, 2024, Lifeco recorded restructuring provisions of $12 million and $52 million,
respectively.
As at June 30, 2025, Lifeco has restructuring provisions of $335 million remaining in other liabilities ($121 million at
December 31, 2024).
Restructuring expenses are recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                           A  113
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 16 INCOME TAXES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INCOME TAXES
                                       The components of income tax expense (recovery) recognized in net earnings are:

                                                                                                                                               Three months ended June 30,                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                                   2025                    2024                 2025               2024

                                       Current taxes
                                         Current income tax                                                                                        137                      233                 353                498
                                         Global Minimum Tax (GMT) 1                                                                                 37                       62                  68                 66
                                                                                                                                                   174                      295                  421               564
                                       Deferred taxes                                                                                              (61)                      10                 (112)              (25)
                                                                                                                                                   113                      305                  309               539
                                       1 The second quarter of 2024 includes $34 million for the retroactive application of the GMT related to the first quarter of 2024.


                                       EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
                                       The effective income tax rate for the Corporation for the six months ended June 30, 2025, was 11.8%, compared with 17.9%
                                       for the six months ended June 30, 2024.
                                       The effective income tax rate for the six months ended June 30, 2025, is lower than the effective income tax rate for the same
                                       period last year primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters as well as the jurisdictional
                                       mix of earnings at Lifeco and the remeasurement of certain deferred tax liabilities of subsidiaries.
                                       The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Corporation’s statutory income tax rate of 26.5% due to non-
                                       taxable investment income, lower tax in certain foreign jurisdictions and results from jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates that are not taxable.




                                             A  114                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 17 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                Items that may be reclassified                       Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                 subsequently to net earnings                                           to net earnings
                                                                                                                                           Actuarial
                                                                                                                                       gains (losses)
                                                                                                 Share of jointly                        on defined     Share of jointly
                                                                                    Foreign          controlled                              benefit         controlled
                                            Investment        Cash flow            currency        corporations          Investment pension plans          corporations
Six months ended June 30, 2025             revaluation         hedges            translation     and associates          revaluation      and other      and associates             Total

Balance, beginning of year                        (174)              32             1,778                     18                 (285)            8               626          2,003
  Other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                    59                7              (350)                 143                  111             63              (266)          (233)
  Realized gains on
    FVOCI equity instruments
    transferred to retained
    earnings                                         -                -                   -                    -                   -              -                (46)             (46)
  Other                                              (1)              -                  14                  (25)                  (2)            -                 11               (3)
Balance, end of period                            (116)              39             1,442                   136                  (176)           71               325          1,721


                                                                                Items that may be reclassified                       Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                 subsequently to net earnings                                           to net earnings
                                                                                                                                           Actuarial
                                                                                                                                       gains (losses)
                                                                                                 Share of jointly                        on defined     Share of jointly
                                                                                    Foreign          controlled                              benefit         controlled
                                            Investment        Cash flow            currency        corporations          Investment pension plans          corporations
Six months ended June 30, 2024             revaluation         hedges            translation     and associates          revaluation      and other      and associates             Total

Balance, beginning of year                        (206)              25             1,115                  (276)                  (36)        (150)             1,024          1,496
  Other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                    (7)               2               114                    58                 (170)         170               (155)               12
  Realized (gains) losses on
    FVOCI equity instruments
    transferred to retained
    earnings                                         -                -                 -                     -                    29             -              (164)          (135)
  Other                                              -                -                 -                    (9)                    -             -                11              2
Balance, end of period                            (213)              27             1,229                  (227)                 (177)           20               716          1,375




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             A  115
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 18 EARNINGS PER SHARE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:

                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended June 30,                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                                            2025                  2024            2025             2024

                                       Earnings
                                       Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                            785                   743           1,487            1,465
                                       Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                (13)                  (13)            (26)             (26)
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                              772                   730           1,461            1,439
                                       Net loss attributable to participating shareholders from
                                         discontinued operations                                                                                               -                     -              -                79
                                       Net gain attributable to participating shareholders from
                                         disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                   -                     -              -               (30)
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders from
                                         continuing operations                                                                                              772                   730           1,461            1,488
                                       Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                            (3)                   (1)             (7)              (4)
                                       Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs 1                                                                            -                     -              (3)               1
                                       Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect from continuing operations                                                 769                   729           1,451            1,485

                                       Number of participating shares [millions]
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                642.1                 649.4           642.6            650.0
                                         Effect of potential exercise of outstanding stock options and RSUs                                                 5.9                   3.1             5.4              3.2
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                              648.0                 652.5           648.0            653.2


                                       Net earnings per participating share from continuing operations
                                       Basic                                                                                                                1.20                 1.12             2.27             2.29
                                       Diluted                                                                                                              1.19                 1.12             2.24             2.27
                                       Net earnings per participating share
                                       Basic                                                                                                                1.20                 1.12             2.27             2.21
                                       Diluted                                                                                                              1.19                 1.12             2.24             2.20
                                       1 Options with TSARs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash,
                                         they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the year, and the net
                                         earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.


                                       For the six months ended June 30, 2025, 1.2 million stock options (1.3 million in 2024) were excluded from the computation
                                       of diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive.




                                             A  116                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value
hierarchy:
Level       Definition                                                                               Financial assets and liabilities
Level 1     Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for                           actively exchange-traded equity securities;
            identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to                      exchange-traded futures;
            access.                                                                                      mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                          prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                          restrictions;
                                                                                                         open-end investment fund units and other liabilities in
                                                                                                          instances where there are quoted prices available
                                                                                                          from active markets.
Level 2     Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                                assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
            observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.                         based on credit quality and average life;
            Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and                                  government and agency securities;
            liabilities in active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices                           restricted shares;
            that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates                       certain private bonds and investment funds;
            and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted                                      most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
            intervals.                                                                                    bonds;
                                                                                                         most asset-backed securities;
                                                                                                         most over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                         most mortgage and other loans;
                                                                                                         certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                                         most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                                          FVPL;
                                                                                                         notes issued by consolidated collateralized loan
                                                                                                          obligations (CLOs);
                                                                                                         certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
Level 3     Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on                                 certain bonds;
            observable market inputs and include situations where there is                               certain asset-backed securities;
            little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.                                  certain private equities;
            The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained                               certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
            from single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external                                  and associates;
            appraisers or by discounting projected cash flows.                                           certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                                          equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                                         investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                          there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                         certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                         investment properties;
                                                                                                         most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.




                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                              A  117
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy using the
                                       valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of material accounting policies of the Corporation’s
                                       December 31, 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements and above, are presented below. Fair values represent management’s
                                       estimates and are generally calculated using market information at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair
                                       values. The calculations are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Total
                                       June 30, 2025                                                                                      Level 1                    Level 2                   Level 3   fair value

                                       Assets
                                       Bonds
                                          FVPL                                                                                                15                 153,844                         265     154,124
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                -                  13,956                           -      13,956
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                          FVPL                                                                                                   -                 27,249                      5,871      33,120
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                  -                    331                          -         331
                                       Shares
                                          FVPL                                                                                          11,824                       253                       7,729      19,806
                                          FVOCI                                                                                          1,024                         -                          10       1,034
                                       Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates ¹                                        -                         -                       1,100       1,100
                                       Investment properties                                                                                 -                         -                       8,285       8,285
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                -                     2,452                           4       2,456
                                       Trading account assets                                                                              244                     3,695                           -       3,939
                                       Other assets                                                                                          -                       135                         297         432
                                                                                                                                        13,107                   201,915                      23,561     238,583

                                       Liabilities
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                          -                  87,834                          -      87,834
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                   7                   2,000                         10       2,017
                                       Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                               -                   4,128                          -       4,128
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                   -                      10                      3,528       3,538
                                       Other debt instruments                                                                                   -                     128                          -         128
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                        -                     135                         21         156
                                                                                                                                                7                  94,235                      3,559      97,801
                                       1   Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
                                           elected to be measured at FVPL.




                                            A  118                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                         Total
December 31, 2024                                                                                       Level 1                     Level 2    Level 3              fair value

Assets
Bonds
   FVPL                                                                                                        -               153,088           178               153,266
   FVOCI                                                                                                       -                13,758             -                13,758
Mortgage and other loans
   FVPL                                                                                                        -                   28,790      5,142                33,932
   FVOCI                                                                                                       -                      461          -                   461
Shares
   FVPL                                                                                               11,174                          260      7,215                18,649
   FVOCI                                                                                                 923                            -          -                   923
Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates ¹                                             -                            -        950                   950
Investment properties                                                                                      -                            -      8,350                 8,350
Derivative instruments                                                                                     1                        2,630          6                 2,637
Trading account assets                                                                                   252                        3,449          -                 3,701
Other assets                                                                                               -                          219        176                   395
                                                                                                      12,350                   202,655        22,017               237,022

Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                -                   90,157          -                90,157
Derivative instruments                                                                                         -                    2,171          9                 2,180
Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                     -                    3,791          -                 3,791
Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                         -                       22      2,906                 2,928
Other debt instruments                                                                                         -                       54          -                    54
Other liabilities                                                                                              -                      219         21                   240
                                                                                                               -                   96,414      2,936                99,350
1 Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
  to be measured at FVPL.


There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in these periods.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  119
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
                                       its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value is presented below.
                                                                                                      Shares and investments
                                                                                          Mortgage        in jointly controlled
                                                                                          and other          corporations and                                            Limited-life
                                                                                Bonds         loans                  associates                                                 and        Assets          Other
                                       Six months ended                                                                               Investment       Derivatives,     redeemable        held for         assets
                                       June 30, 2025                             FVPL         FVPL        FVPL ²         FVOCI        properties               net        fund units          sale    (liabilities)     Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                178        5,142         8,165                 -         8,350                  (3)         (2,906)             -          155       19,081
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                            Net earnings                           (7)        204           438                 -            (80)                (1)           (197)             -              6       363
                                            Other comprehensive
                                              income ¹                             2           103         (192)               6            (46)                   -            102              -          (12)         (37)
                                         Business acquisition                       -             -            -               -               -                   -           (123)             -          123             -
                                         Purchases                                17           210          795                2            352                    -               -             -            9        1,385
                                         Issues                                     -          387             -               -               -                   -           (493)             -             -        (106)
                                         Sales                                    (3)             -        (383)               -           (291)                   -               -             -           (5)        (682)
                                         Settlements                                -         (175)            -               -               -                 (2)             89              -             -         (88)
                                         Transfers into Level 3                   78              -           6                -               -                   -               -             -             -          84
                                         Other                                      -             -            -               2               -                   -               -             -             -           2
                                       Balance, end of period                    265        5,871         8,829              10           8,285                  (6)         (3,528)             -          276       20,002
                                       1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
                                         the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                       2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.



                                                                                                      Shares and investments
                                                                                          Mortgage        in jointly controlled
                                                                                          and other          corporations and                                            Limited-life
                                                                                Bonds         loans                  associates                                                 and        Assets          Other
                                       Year ended                                                                                     Investment       Derivatives,     redeemable        held for         assets
                                       December 31, 2024                         FVPL         FVPL         FVPL ²        FVOCI        properties               net        fund units         sale     (liabilities)     Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                252        4,248         5,797                 -         7,870                   8          (1,815)          907            (64)     17,203
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                            Net earnings                            7          196           799                -          (154)               (12)            (143)             -            86        779
                                            Other comprehensive
                                              income ¹                              -          169          218                 -           270                    -           (119)             -            9          547
                                         Business acquisition                       -            -            -                 -             -                    -           (177)             -            -         (177)
                                         Purchases                                 29          327        1,969                 -           707                  (2)               -             -          130        3,160
                                         Sale of discontinued
                                           operations                                -            -             -               -              -                  -                -          (907)              -      (907)
                                         Issues                                      -         481              -               -              -                  -            (771)              -              -      (290)
                                         Sales                                    (27)         (41)         (563)               -          (334)                  -                -              -              -      (965)
                                         Settlements                                 -        (227)             -               -              -                  3             118               -              -      (106)
                                         Transferred to owner-
                                           occupied properties                       -            -             -               -              (9)                -                 -            -               -        (9)
                                         Transfers into Level 3                      -            -            1                -                -                -                 -            -               -         1
                                         Transfers out of Level 3                 (83)            -             -               -                -                -                 -            -               -       (83)
                                         Other                                       -         (11)          (56)               -                -                -                 1            -             (6)       (72)
                                       Balance, end of year                      178        5,142         8,165                 -         8,350                  (3)         (2,906)             -          155       19,081
                                       1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
                                         the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                       2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.


                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
                                       redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
                                       increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
                                       pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.




                                            A  120                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
presented below.
                                                                                                                                   Interrelationship between key
                                                                          Significant                                              unobservable inputs and fair value
Type of asset             Valuation approach                              unobservable input               Input value             measurement

Investment properties     Investment property valuations   Discount rate                                   Range of 4.5% – 14.4%   A decrease in the discount
                          are generally determined using                                                                           rate would result in an
                          property valuation models based                                                                          increase in fair value.
                          on expected capitalization rates
                          and models that discount                                                                                 An increase in the discount
                          expected future net cash flows.                                                                          rate would result in a
                          The determination of the fair                                                                            decrease in fair value.
                          value of investment property
                          requires the use of estimates    Reversionary rate                               Range of 4.4% – 8.0%    A decrease in the
                          such as future cash flows (such                                                                          reversionary rate would
                          as future leasing assumptions,                                                                           result in an increase in fair
                          rental rates, capital and                                                                                value.
                          operating expenditures) and                                                                              An increase in the
                          discount, reversionary and                                                                               reversionary rate would
                          overall capitalization rates                                                                             result in a decrease in fair
                          applicable to the asset based                                                                            value.
                          on current market rates.
                                                                          Vacancy rate                     Weighted average        A decrease in the expected
                                                                                                           of 6.5%                 vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                   generally result in an
                                                                                                                                   increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                                   An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                                   vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                   generally result in
                                                                                                                                   a decrease in fair value.

Mortgage and              The valuation approach for         Discount rate                                 Range of 4.8% – 6.5%    A decrease in the discount
other loans –             equity-release mortgages is to                                                                           rate would result in an
Equity-release            use an internal valuation model to                                                                       increase in fair value.
mortgages                 determine the projected asset
(FVPL)                    cash flows, including the cost of                                                                        An increase in the discount
                          the no-negative-equity guarantee                                                                         rate would result in a
                          for each individual loan, to                                                                             decrease in fair value.
                          aggregate these across all loans
                          and to discount those cash flows
                          back to the valuation date. The
                          projection is done monthly until
                          expected redemption of the loan
                          either voluntarily or on the
                          death/entering into long-term
                          care of the loanholders.

Shares and                The determination of the fair       Discount rate                                Various                 A decrease in the discount
investments in jointly    value of shares requires the use of                                                                      rate would result in an
controlled corporations   estimates such as future cash                                                                            increase in fair value.
and associates (FVPL)     flows, discount rates, projected
                          earnings multiples, or recent                                                                            An increase in the discount
                          transactions.                                                                                            rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                   decrease in fair value.

Limited-life and          The determination of the fair       Discount rate                                Various                 A decrease in the discount
redeemable fund units     value of the limited-life and                                                                            rate would result in an
                          redeemable fund units is based                                                                           increase in fair value.
                          on the fair value of the underlying
                          fund’s investments.                                                                                      An increase in the discount
                                                                                                                                   rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                   decrease in fair value.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                             A  121
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
                                       wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
                                       the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
                                       shareholders from Lifeco, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share of
                                       their net earnings.
                                       The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
                                       Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
                                       traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
                                         Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
                                           services, asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe.
                                         IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
                                           Canada, and institutional investors globally.
                                         GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe.
                                           Its portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed, direct private and indirect private investments composed of global
                                           companies, which are leaders in their sectors.
                                         Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
                                           presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
                                           company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and
                                           non-participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
                                           investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
                                           and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
                                       with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
                                       and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
                                            Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
                                            Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
                                            Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
                                            Standalone businesses which are managed to realize value over time.
                                       Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
                                       company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
                                       control and other consolidation entries.
                                       The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities, Lifeco
                                       and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis. These entities
                                       are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Lifeco, IGM, and alternative
                                       asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective segment’s assets.




                                           A  122                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                              Alternative
                                                                                                                                                    asset
                                                                                                                                              investment
                                                                                                                             Holding       platforms and         Effect of
Three months ended June 30, 2025                                                 Lifeco          IGM            GBL         company                 other   consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue 1                                                            5,551               -              -                   -              -                 -         5,551
Net investment income 2                                                        2,299                7             -                 (14)           154                13         2,459
Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                                   954                4             -                  (4)           146               (15)        1,085
Fee income 3 4                                                                 1,948             904              -                   -            182               (52)        2,982
Other 3                                                                            -               -              -                   -            273                 -           273
Total segment revenue                                                        10,752              915              -                 (18)           755               (54)       12,350

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses 1                                                  (4,315)              -              -                  -                -                -        (4,315)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                        (379)              -              -                  -                -                -          (379)
Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                           (2,850)              -              -                  -                -                -        (2,850)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                         -               -              -                  -                -                -             -
Total other insurance and investment results                                  (7,544)              -              -                  -                -                -        (7,544)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses 4                                        2,177             623              -                 52             690               (46)        3,496
Financing charges                                                                101              32              -                 14              65                 3           215
Total other expenses                                                           2,278             655              -                 66             755               (43)        3,711
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                                   930            260              -                 (84)              -              (11)        1,095
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                           20             60            (15)                  -            160               (17)          208
Earnings before income taxes                                                      950            320            (15)                (84)           160               (28)        1,303
Income taxes                                                                       30             71              -                    1             9                 2           113
Net earnings                                                                      920            249            (15)                (85)           151               (30)        1,190

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                      293             97              -                  34             11               (30)          405
   Non-participating shareholders                                                   -              -              -                  13              -                 -            13
   Participating shareholders 6 7                                                 627            152            (15)               (132)           140                 -           772
                                                                                  920            249            (15)                (85)           151               (30)        1,190
1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
  includes the effect of consolidation.
7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             A  123
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                 Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                       asset
                                                                                                                                                                                 investment
                                                                                                                                                                 Holding      platforms and          Effect of
                                       Three months ended June 30, 2024                                              Lifeco          IGM            GBL         company                other    consolidation      Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue 1                                                         5,273               -              -                 -                 -                -     5,273
                                       Net investment income 2                                                     2,400                9             -                17               119                 3    2,548
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                               (864)               1             -                  2               31              (18)     (848)
                                       Fee income 3 4                                                              1,794             836              -                 -               148              (43)    2,735
                                       Other 3                                                                         -               -              -                 -               200                -       200
                                       Total segment revenue                                                       8,603             846              -                19               498              (58)    9,908

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses 1                                                (4,057)              -             -                 -                  -               -     (4,057)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                      (385)              -             -                 -                  -               -       (385)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                           (896)              -             -                 -                  -               -       (896)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                       -               -             -                 -                  -               -          -
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                                (5,338)              -             -                 -                  -               -     (5,338)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses 4                                     1,859             584              -                45               458              (39)    2,907
                                       Financing charges                                                             101              32              -                13                52                4       202
                                       Total other expenses                                                        1,960             616              -                58               510              (35)    3,109
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                             1,305             230              -               (39)               (12)            (23)    1,461
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
                                         controlled corporations and associates                                        9              51             21                 -                 26             (34)       73
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                1,314             281             21               (39)                14             (57)    1,534
                                       Income taxes                                                                  229              64              -                 -                  1              11       305
                                       Net earnings                                                                1,085             217             21               (39)                13             (68)    1,229

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                  415              81              -                35                 23             (68)      486
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                               -               -              -                13                  -               -        13
                                          Participating shareholders 6 7                                             670             136             21               (87)               (10)              -       730
                                                                                                                   1,085             217             21               (39)                13             (68)    1,229
                                       1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                         includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  124                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                             Alternative
                                                                                                                                                   asset
                                                                                                                                             investment
                                                                                                                            Holding       platforms and         Effect of
Six months ended June 30, 2025                                                  Lifeco            IGM           GBL        company                 other   consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue 1                                                          11,037                -              -                 -               -                -         11,037
Net investment income 2                                                       4,626               15              -                 (1)           264               24          4,928
Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                                2,213                 4             -                  5            308              (39)         2,491
Fee income 3 4                                                                3,859            1,801              -                 -             373             (104)         5,929
Other 3                                                                           -                -              -                 -             495                -            495
Total segment revenue                                                        21,735            1,820              -                 4           1,440             (119)        24,880

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses 1                                                 (8,591)                -             -                 -                -                -        (8,591)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                       (809)                -             -                 -                -                -          (809)
Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                          (6,023)                -             -                 -                -                -        (6,023)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                        -                 -             -                 -                -                -             -
Total other insurance and investment results                                (15,423)                -             -                 -                -                -       (15,423)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses 4                                        4,108           1,247              -                105          1,365               (99)        6,726
Financing charges                                                                204              64              -                 27            132                 6           433
Total other expenses                                                           4,312           1,311              -                132          1,497               (93)        7,159
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                                2,000             509              -            (128)               (57)             (26)        2,298
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                          28             116             10               -               214               (45)          323
Earnings before income taxes                                                   2,028             625             10            (128)              157               (71)        2,621
Income taxes                                                                     187             141              -                1              (24)                4           309
Net earnings                                                                   1,841             484             10            (129)              181               (75)        2,312

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                     634             185              -              69                12               (75)          825
   Non-participating shareholders                                                  -               -              -              26                 -                 -            26
   Participating shareholders 6 7                                              1,207             299             10            (224)              169                 -         1,461
                                                                               1,841             484             10            (129)              181               (75)        2,312
1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
  includes the effect of consolidation.
7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            A  125
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                 Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                       asset
                                                                                                                                                                                 investment
                                                                                                                                                                 Holding      platforms and          Effect of
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2024                                               Lifeco            IGM           GBL         company                other    consolidation      Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue 1                                                       10,523                -              -                 -                 -                -     10,523
                                       Net investment income 2                                                    4,721               21              -                33               270               19      5,064
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                            (2,249)                5             -                  9               74              (20)    (2,181)
                                       Fee income 3 4                                                             3,466            1,660              -                 -               266              (86)     5,306
                                       Other 3                                                                        -                -              -                 -               358                -        358
                                       Total segment revenue                                                     16,461            1,686              -                42               968              (87)    19,070

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses 1                                              (8,124)                -             -                 -                  -               -     (8,124)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                    (771)                -             -                 -                  -               -       (771)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                       (1,091)                -             -                 -                  -               -     (1,091)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                     -                 -             -                 -                  -               -          -
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                              (9,986)                -             -                 -                  -               -     (9,986)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses 4                                     3,730           1,152              -               88               913               (76)     5,807
                                       Financing charges                                                             201              64              -               27               105                 6        403
                                       Total other expenses                                                        3,931           1,216              -              115             1,018               (70)     6,210
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                             2,544             470              -               (73)               (50)            (17)     2,874
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
                                         controlled corporations and associates                                       28             103             75                 -                  8             (77)       137
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                2,572             573             75               (73)               (42)            (94)     3,011
                                       Income taxes                                                                  398             131              -                 -                 (7)             17        539
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                     2,174             442             75               (73)               (35)          (111)      2,472
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                        (115)              -              -                 -                  -              -        (115)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                              44               -              -                 -                  -              -          44
                                       Net earnings                                                                2,103             442             75               (73)               (35)          (111)      2,401

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                  792             173              -               70                  12           (111)        936
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                               -               -              -               26                   -              -          26
                                          Participating shareholders 6 7                                           1,311             269             75             (169)                (47)             -       1,439
                                                                                                                   2,103             442             75               (73)               (35)          (111)      2,401
                                       1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                         includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  126                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 20         SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                       Alternative
                                                                                                                                             asset
                                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                            Holding platforms and         Effect of
June 30, 2025                                                               Lifeco             IGM             GBL         company           other   consolidation             Total

Cash and cash equivalents                                               10,232                831                -           1,664           747            (248)        13,226
Investments                                                            232,533              5,564                -             100         2,943             236        241,376
Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
  investment platforms and other                                           1,215            2,262                -         23,170              -         (26,647)                -
Investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates                                                            521             3,292           3,518                   -      1,380            (500)         8,211
Other assets                                                             44,942             4,289               -                 435     24,597            (176)        74,087
Goodwill and intangible assets                                           16,248             3,935               -                    1     1,438               1         21,623
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                        509,315                 -                -               -              -               -        509,315
Total assets 1                                                         815,006            20,173            3,518          25,370         31,105         (27,334)       867,838

Insurance and investment contract liabilities                          245,904                  -                -                  -          -                -       245,904
Obligations to securitization entities                                       -              4,959                -                  -          -                -         4,959
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                        -                -               -                647          -                -          647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of:
   Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                        9,292             2,400                -             250             -             (88)        11,854
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                    -                 -                -               -         3,942               -          3,942
Other liabilities                                                        17,635             4,625                -           1,168        24,606            (842)        47,192
Insurance and investment contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders                                     509,315                   -               -                  -          -                -       509,315
Total liabilities                                                      782,146            11,984                 -           2,065        28,548            (930)       823,813
1 Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


                                                                                                                                       Alternative
                                                                                                                                             asset
                                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                            Holding platforms and         Effect of
December 31, 2024                                                           Lifeco             IGM             GBL         company           other   consolidation             Total

Cash and cash equivalents                                               10,709                910                -           1,606           858            (339)        13,744
Investments                                                            231,478              5,600                -             101         2,497             311        239,987
Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
  investment platforms and other                                           1,112            1,965                -         22,940              -         (26,017)                -
Investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates                                                            486             3,346           3,683                   -      1,780            (494)         8,801
Other assets                                                             45,606             4,948               -                 349     20,047            (160)        70,790
Goodwill and intangible assets                                           16,550             3,930               -                    1     1,170               -         21,651
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                        496,386                   -               -                  -          -                -       496,386

Total assets 1                                                         802,327            20,699            3,683          24,997         26,352         (26,699)       851,359

Insurance and investment contract liabilities                          245,840                  -                -                  -          -                -       245,840
Obligations to securitization entities                                       -              5,025                -                  -          -                -         5,025
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                        -                -               -                647          -                -          647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of:
   Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                        9,469             2,400                -             250             -             (88)        12,031
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                    -                 -                -               -         3,878               -          3,878
Other liabilities                                                        17,814             5,387                -           1,073        20,050            (758)        43,566
Insurance and investment contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders                                     496,386                 -                 -               -             -               -        496,386
Total liabilities                                                      769,509            12,812                 -           1,970        23,928            (846)       807,373
1 Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                       A  127
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20       SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                                  Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                                                                  investment
                                                                                                                                                 Holding       platforms and             Effect of
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2025                                          Lifeco             IGM           company                 other       consolidation      Total

                                       Operating activities                                                   1,318               356               983                 (147)              (872)      1,638
                                       Financing activities                                                  (1,600)             (453)           (1,021)                  91                925      (2,058)
                                       Investing activities                                                     (14)               18                96                  (64)                38          74
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                            (181)                 -                 -                    9                  -        (172)
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                       (477)               (79)               58                 (111)                91        (518)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                         10,709                910             1,606                  858               (339)     13,744
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                             10,232                831             1,664                  747               (248)     13,226



                                                                                                                                                                  Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                                                                  investment
                                                                                                                                                 Holding       platforms and             Effect of
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2024                                          Lifeco             IGM           company                 other       consolidation      Total

                                       Operating activities                                                   1,788               453                898                (104)              (841)      2,194
                                       Financing activities                                                  (1,177)             (380)              (951)                138              1,109      (1,261)
                                       Investing activities                                                    (319)             (164)               375                 (74)              (354)       (536)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                              173                 -                 -                    8                  -         181
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                         465               (91)              322                  (32)               (86)        578
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                           8,117               545             1,218                  639               (207)     10,312
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                               8,582               454             1,540                  607               (293)     10,890




                                            A  128                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                  PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 46




                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.



The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   B  1
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                           FOR THE PERIOD ENDED JUNE 30, 2025
                                                                                 DATED: AUGUST 5, 2025
                                  This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial
                                  performance and cash flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) for the three and six months ended June 30,
                                  2025 and includes a comparison to the corresponding periods in 2024, to the three months ended March 31, 2025, and to the
                                  Company’s financial condition as at December 31, 2024, as applicable. This MD&A provides an overall discussion, followed by
                                  analysis of the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: United States (U.S.), Canada, Europe, and Capital and
                                  Risk Solutions.

                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies                                    Liquidity and Capital Management
                                  2   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information                              26       Liquidity
                                  3   Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios                   27       Cash Flows
                                                                                                                         28       Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                      Consolidated Operating Results                                                     28       Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  4   Financial Highlights                                                               29       Return on Equity
                                  5   2025 Developments                                                                  29       Ratings
                                  6   Base and Net Earnings
                                  7   Taxes                                                                                       Risk Management and Control Practices
                                  9   Lifeco Lines of Business                                                           30       Risk Management and Control Practices
                                                                                                                         30       Exposures and Sensitivities




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Segmented Operating Results
                                  14 United States                                                                                Accounting Policies
                                  16 Canada                                                                              32       International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  18 Europe
                                  21 Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                   Other Information
                                  22 Corporate                                                                           33       Summary of Earnings Reclassifications
                                                                                                                         34       Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                      Consolidated Financial Position                                                    40       Glossary
                                  23 Assets                                                                              42       Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                  24 Liabilities                                                                         42       Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                  26 Lifeco Capital Structure                                                            42       Transactions with Related Parties
                                                                                                                         43       Quarterly Financial Information
                                                                                                                         44       Translation of Foreign Currency
                                                                                                                         44       Additional Information

                                  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  The condensed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been
                                  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
                                  Standards Board (IASB) unless otherwise noted and are presented in millions of Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.
                                  This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial
                                  statements for the period ended June 30, 2025. Refer also to the "Accounting Policies" section of this MD&A and the Annual
                                  MD&A and audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
                                  The Company has enhanced its disclosures and updated segment and line of business classifications for 2025 which has
                                  resulted in the restatement of certain comparative amounts in this MD&A. Refer to the "Summary of Earnings Reclassifications"
                                  section of this MD&A for additional information.




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   1


                                       B  2                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
From time to time, Lifeco makes written and/or oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including in this
MD&A. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or
include words such as "achieve", "ambition", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "initiatives", "intend", "may", "objective",
"opportunity", "plan", "potential", "project", "target", "will" and other similar expressions or negative versions of those words. Forward-looking
information in this MD&A includes, without limitation, statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix),
financial condition, expected financial performance (including revenues, earnings or growth rates, and medium-term financial objectives), strategies
and prospects, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue
and expense synergies), the timing and extent of expected transformation charges/impacts, expected expenditures or investments (including but not
limited to investment in technology infrastructure and digital capabilities and solutions and investments in strategic partnerships), the timing and
completion of the acquisition by IPC of the wealth assets of De Thomas Wealth Management, value creation and realization and growth
opportunities, product and service innovation, expected dividend levels, expected cost reductions and savings, expected capital management
activities and use of capital, the timing and extent of possible share repurchases, market position, estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital
adequacy ratios, estimates of financial risk sensitivities (including as a result of current market conditions), anticipated global economic conditions,
potential impacts of catastrophe events, potential impacts of geopolitical events and conflicts and the impact of regulatory developments on the
Company’s business strategy, growth objectives and capital.
Lifeco's medium-term financial objectives are forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures. Lifeco's ability to achieve those objectives depends on
whether the Company is able to achieve segment earnings growth ambitions and other business growth objectives and on certain key assumptions,
including: (i) the performance of equity, interest rate and credit markets during the relevant period is consistent with management’s expectations,
which take into account current market information and assume no credit impairments; (ii) the achievement of the Company's segment base
earnings growth ambitions; (iii) the achievement of enterprise and segment efficiency ambitions; (iv) capital levels and available and attractive
options for capital deployment; (v) no significant changes in the level of our regulatory capital requirements; (vi) no significant changes to the
Company's effective income tax rate; (vii) no significant changes to the Company's number of shares outstanding; (viii) no material assumption
changes and no material accounting standard changes. Our medium-term financial objectives do not reflect indirect effects of equity, interest rate
and credit market movements, including the potential impacts of those movements on goodwill or the current valuation allowance on deferred tax
assets as well as other items that may be non-operational in nature. Further, Lifeco's target base dividend payout ratio assumes that the Company's
financial results and market conditions will enable us to maintain our payout ratio in the target range. Dividends on outstanding common shares of
the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Company's board of directors. The decision to declare a dividend on the common




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, wealth and retirement solutions industries. They are not
guarantees of future performance, and actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking
statements. Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company and there is no assurance that
they will prove to be correct. With respect to possible share repurchases, the amount and timing of actual repurchases will depend on the earnings,
cash requirements and financial condition of the Company, market conditions, our ability to effect the repurchases on a prudent basis, capital
requirements, applicable law and regulations (including applicable securities laws), and other factors deemed relevant by the Company, and may be
subject to regulatory approval and/or conditions. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking information may depend on
numerous factors, developments and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and leverage acquisitions and achieve
anticipated benefits and synergies, the achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the acquisition of the Prudential
retirement business, the Company’s ability to execute strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the Company’s reputation,
business competition, assumptions around sales, pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions, withdrawals and
lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience, expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital markets (including continued
access to equity and debt markets and credit instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and related economic impacts,
interest and foreign exchange rates, inflation levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns, hedging activities, financial
condition of industry sectors and individual issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit ratings, taxes, impairments of
goodwill and other intangible assets, technological changes, breaches or failure of information systems and security (including cyber-attacks),
assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in local and international laws and regulations, changes in accounting policies and the effect of
applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events,
continuity and availability of personnel and third-party service providers, unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities, customer and employee
relations, levels of administrative and operational efficiencies, and other general economic, political and market factors in North America and
internationally.
The above list is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with securities regulators, including those set out in the "Risk
Management" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" sections of the Company's Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024 and
in the Company's annual information form dated February 5, 2025 under "Risk Factors". These, along with other filings, are available for review at
www.sedarplus.com. The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to place undue
reliance on forward-looking information.
Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.




                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   2


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  3
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National
                                  Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but
                                  are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", "base earnings (loss) - pre-tax", "base earnings: insurance service result", "base
                                  earnings: net investment result", "assets under management or advisement", "assets under administration", "client assets", "non-par base operating
                                  and administration expenses", and "run-rate insurance results". Terms by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not limited to, “base
                                  earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, "base dividend payout ratio", "base capital generation", "efficiency ratio",
                                  “effective income tax rate – base earnings – common shareholders” and "pre-tax base operating margin". Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios
                                  are used to provide management and investors with additional measures of performance to help assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS)
                                  measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial measures and ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by GAAP (IFRS) and are not directly
                                  comparable to similar measures used by other companies. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section in this MD&A for the
                                  appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to measures prescribed by GAAP as well as additional details on each measure and
                                  ratio.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   3


                                        B  4                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Consolidated Operating Results

    Selected consolidated financial information
                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended                           For the six months ended
                                                                                      June 30                 Mar. 31                 June 30          June 30             June 30
    (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                                 2025                    2025                    2024             2025                2024
    Base earnings1                                                               $          1,149        $         1,030        $        1,038     $         2,179 $                 2,016
    Net earnings from continuing operations2                                                  894                    860                 1,005               1,754                   2,036
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                        894                    860                 1,005               1,754                   1,965
      Per common share
        Basic:
          Base earnings3                                                                     1.24                    1.11                 1.11                 2.35                   2.16
          Net earnings from continuing operations                                            0.96                    0.92                 1.08                 1.89                   2.18
          Net earnings                                                                       0.96                    0.92                 1.08                 1.89                   2.11
        Dividends paid                                                                      0.610                  0.610                 0.555               1.220                   1.110
    Book value per common share2                                                            27.38                  27.61                 25.36
    Base dividend payout ratio3                                                              49.2 %                  55.0 %               50.0 %
    Dividend payout ratio2                                                                   63.5 %                  66.3 %               51.4 %
    Efficiency ratio3                                                                        56.7 %                  56.7 %               57.5 %
    Base return on equity3                                                                   17.4 %                  17.2 %               17.2 %
    Return on equity - continuing operations2                                                14.9 %                  15.6 %               16.2 %
    Financial leverage ratio4                                                                   28 %                   28 %                 29 %




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total assets per financial statements                                        $        814,842        $       804,144        $       749,562
    Total assets under management or advisement1                                       1,036,167               1,013,530                941,272
    Total assets under administration only2                                            2,007,290               1,993,588              1,786,711
    Total client assets1                                                               3,043,457               3,007,118              2,727,983
    Total assets under administration1                                                 3,275,298               3,238,101              2,929,042

    Total contractual service margin (net of reinsurance
      contracts held)                                                                       13,802                 13,666                13,008

    Total equity                                                                            32,696                 33,091                30,870


    Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT Ratio5                                   132 %                 130%                  130%

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
      Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
      This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
4
      The calculation for financial leverage ratio includes the after-tax non-participating contractual service margin (CSM) balance in the denominator, excluding CSM associated with
      segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT. These ratios are estimates based on available data.
5
      The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Lifeco's major Canadian operating subsidiary.
      The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital
      Management and Adequacy" section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       4


                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  5
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  2025 Developments
                                  Lifeco has updated its financial performance ambitions by updating its medium-term financial objectives effective January 1,
                                  2025 as follows:
                                      •      Increased its base return on equity (ROE) objective to 19%+ from 16-17%,
                                      •      Introduced a new base capital generation objective of 80%+, and
                                      •      Reaffirmed its base earnings per share (EPS) growth objective of 8-10% and base earnings dividend payout ratio
                                             objective of 45-55%.
                                      The Company's base capital generation measure, calculated over the trailing 12 months ending June 30, 2025, exceeded
                                      80%. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details on base
                                      capital generation, which is a non-GAAP ratio.
                                  •   As previously announced, within the next three years, Lifeco plans to incur an estimated $250 million to $300 million of
                                      post-tax business transformation costs, through investment in modernized technology platforms, and retiring legacy
                                      systems as well as enhancing productivity through increased automation and leveraging a global workplace. For the first
                                      six months of 2025, the Company incurred or provisioned for a net of $131 million post-tax of business transformation
                                      costs, of which $121 million post-tax was recorded in the second quarter of 2025.
                                  •   The Company's efficiency ratio for the second quarter of 2025 was 56.7% compared to 57.5% in the same quarter last year.
                                      The improvement in Lifeco's efficiency ratio was driven primarily by increased scale at Empower.
                                  •   During 2025, Lifeco intends to repurchase an additional $500 million of its common shares in 2025 under its Normal
                                      Course Issuer Bid (NCIB), in addition to the $500 million announced during the first quarter of 2025, and the purchases
                                      made to offset dilution under its share compensation plans. This is subject to market conditions, applicable regulatory
                                      approvals, the Company's ability to effect the purchases on a prudent basis, and other strategic opportunities emerging.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •   The Company’s financial leverage ratio at June 30, 2025 was 28% compared to 29% at the end of 2024. This reduction was
                                      primarily due to growth in equity from retained earnings and the impact of currency movement and growth of non-
                                      participating CSM, excluding segregated funds.
                                  •   The Canada Life Assurance Company LICAT ratio increased two points to 132% from December 31, 2024, due to
                                      reductions in required capital and the contribution of earnings in the period.
                                  Macroenvironmental Risks
                                  Many factors contribute to the economic uncertainty in the geographies in which the Company operates and to the elevated
                                  volatility of global financial markets. Elevated global financial market volatility is due, in part, to certain geopolitical conflicts,
                                  trade policy and fiscal policy developments, which the Company actively monitors. Central banks are weighing these factors in
                                  consideration of interest rate decisions in many of the countries in which the Company operates. The outlook for financial and
                                  real estate markets over the short and medium-term remains uncertain and the Company actively monitors events and
                                  information globally.
                                  The Company's strategies are resilient and flexible, positioning it to navigate current market conditions and continue to
                                  identify and pursue opportunities, including organic growth and acquisition activities, while supporting customers and
                                  employees in an evolving environment.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   5


                                          B  6                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Base and Net Earnings
Consolidated base earnings and net earnings of Lifeco include the base earnings and net earnings of Empower, Canada Life
(and its operating subsidiaries) and the Company's Corporate operating results (including PanAgora Asset Management). Net
earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2024 also include the earnings from Putnam Investments reported as discontinued
operations.
For a further description of base earnings, refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document.
For further details on restated earnings for the first and second quarters of 2024, refer to the "Summary of Earnings
Reclassification" section of this document.

                                                                                             For the three months ended                              For the six months ended
                                                                                    June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30             June 30             June 30
                                                                                     2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)         2025            2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
      United States                                                            $               341 $                  365 $              335     $           706 $                  637
      Canada                                                                                   375                    316                360                 691                    700
      Europe                                                                                   262                    239                236                 501                    462
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                               229                    213                199                 442                    404
      Corporate                                                                                 (58)                 (103)                (92)              (161)                   (187)
    Lifeco base earnings1                                                      $            1,149 $                 1,030 $            1,038     $         2,179 $             2,016

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations2                              $              (104) $                  (91) $             28     $          (195) $                 135
      Assumption changes and management actions2                                                 (3)                   (32)               39                   (35)                  38




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Business transformation impacts                                                         (121)                    (10)               (29)              (131)                    (78)
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles                               (38)                   (37)               (37)                 (75)                  (75)
      Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                              11                     —                 (34)                 11                     —
    Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings                                   $              (255) $                (170) $              (33) $             (425) $                 20

    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations2
      United States                                                            $               305 $                  338 $              281     $           643 $                  523
      Canada                                                                                   255                    301                373                 556                    764
      Europe                                                                                   126                    167                231                 293                    447
       Capital and Risk Solutions                                                              194                    184                164                 378                 434
       Corporate                                                                                14                   (130)                (44)              (116)               (132)
    Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations2                            $               894 $                  860 $            1,005 $             1,754 $             2,036
      Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                           —                      —                 —                    —                    (115)
      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                          —                      —                 —                    —                     44
    Lifeco net earnings - common shareholders                                  $               894 $                  860 $            1,005     $         1,754 $             1,965

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base Earnings
Base earnings for the second quarter of 2025 of $1,149 million ($1.24 per common share) increased by $111 million or 11% from
$1,038 million ($1.11 per common share) a year ago. The strong results reflect double-digit base earnings growth across the
Wealth and Group Benefits businesses, primarily driven by higher fee income from higher equity markets, new business growth
and improved insurance experience, expense efficiency improvements, favourable currency movements, and changes in
certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters. These items were partially offset by negative credit-related impacts of
$51 million (post-tax) in the Retirement and Wealth lines of business in the U.S. segment, and lower earnings on surplus from
lower yields. The second quarter of 2024 included $40 million (pre-tax) of negative credit-related impacts, which was offset by
a favourable fee income adjustment to earnings of $41 million (pre-tax).
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Lifeco's base earnings were $2,179 million (2.35 per common share) compared to
$2,016 million ($2.16 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-
quarter results as well as negative credit-related impacts of $45 million (post-tax) and a claims provision of $21 million (post-
tax) related to the California wildfires in the first quarter of 2025.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           6


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          B  7
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Net Earnings
                                  Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended June 30, 2025 of $894 million ($0.96 per
                                  common share) decreased by $111 million or 11% compared to $1,005 million ($1.08 per common share) a year ago. The
                                  decrease was primarily due to higher charges from transformation initiatives as well as unfavourable interest rates and other
                                  market-related experience impacts. These items were partially offset by higher base earnings.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations were $1,754 million ($1.89 per
                                  common share) compared to $2,036 million ($2.18 per common share) a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to the same
                                  reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. The results from discontinued operations for the six months ended June 30, 2024
                                  included a net loss of $115 million as well as a $44 million final gain on sale.
                                  Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended June 30, 2025 of $894 million ($0.96 per
                                  common share) increased by $34 million or 4% compared to $860 million ($0.92 per common share) in the previous quarter.
                                  The increase was primarily due to favourable group life and health claims experience, improved individual insurance
                                  experience in Europe, changes in certain tax estimates and a claims provision related to the California wildfires in the first
                                  quarter of 2025 that did not repeat as well as less unfavourable assumption changes and management actions. These items
                                  were partially offset by higher business transformation impacts, primarily in Canada.
                                  Foreign Currency
                                  The average currency translation rate for the second quarter of 2025 increased for the British pound, euro and the U.S. dollar
                                  compared to the second quarter of 2024. For the three months ended June 30, 2025, the overall impact of currency movement
                                  on the Company's base earnings was an increase of $24 million (increase of $66 million year-to-date) compared to translation
                                  rates a year ago. The overall impact of currency movement on the Company’s net earnings was an increase of $12 million
                                  (increase of $35 million year-to-date) compared to translation rates a year ago.
                                  From March 31, 2025 to June 30, 2025, the market rates at the end of the reporting period used to translate the euro and British




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  pound assets and liabilities to the Canadian dollar increased, while the U.S. dollar decreased. The movements in end-of-period
                                  exchange rates impact the translation of foreign operations, including related hedging activities, resulting in post-tax
                                  unrealized foreign exchange losses of $711 million in-quarter ($472 million net unrealized loss year-to-date) recorded in other
                                  comprehensive income.
                                  Translation rates for the reporting period and comparative periods are detailed in the "Translation of Foreign Currency"
                                  section.
                                  Taxes
                                  The Company's effective income tax rates on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total Lifeco earnings are
                                  presented below.

                                      Effective Income Tax Rates                                                              For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended
                                                                                                                     June 30                 Mar. 31                June 30                 June 30           June 30
                                                                                                                      2025                    2025                   2024                    2025              2024
                                      Base earnings - common shareholders1,2                                                11.7 %                 17.2 %                  19.3 %                  14.4 %           18.6 %
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders3                                                     5.9 %                16.1 %                  19.4 %                  11.2 %           17.3 %
                                      Net earnings - total Lifeco3                                                            3.2 %                14.6 %                  17.4 %                   9.2 %           15.5 %

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details
                                  2
                                       Global Minimum Tax (GMT) legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applied retroactively to January 1, 2024. The effective income tax rate on base earnings for the
                                       second quarter of 2024 is presented without the impact of the retroactive application of the GMT in respect of the first quarter of 2024.
                                  3
                                       The comparative effective income tax rates on net earnings for the second quarter of 2024 include the impact of the retroactive application of the Global Minimum Tax related to the
                                       first quarter of 2024.

                                  The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to
                                  non-taxable investment income and lower income tax rates in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  In the second quarter of 2025, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 11.7% was down
                                  from 19.3% in the second quarter of 2024, primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters.
                                  In the second quarter of 2025, the Company's effective income tax rates on net earnings for common shareholders and for total
                                  Lifeco were down from the second quarter of 2024 primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax
                                  matters, as well as the jurisdictional mix of earnings.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 14.4%
                                  was down from 18.6% in the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter base earnings
                                  results.


                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             7


                                            B  8                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Company's effective income tax rates on net earnings for both the common
shareholders and for total Lifeco were down from the same period of 2024 primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the
in-quarter net earnings results.
With respect to the "An act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of H. Con. Res. 14 (One Big Beautiful Bill Act)"
recently enacted in the United States, the Company’s assessment is that it will not significantly impact its tax positions.
Refer to note 14 of the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended
June 30, 2025 for further details.
Items Excluded from Base Earnings
Market Experience Relative to Expectations
                                                                                    For the three months ended                               For the six months ended
                                                                            June 30                Mar. 31                June 30             June 30          June 30
                                                                             2025                   2025                   2024                2025             2024
Public equity market impacts                                          $                 22 $                   (15) $                 1 $              7 $                27
Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                                   (51)                    (38)                 (26)             (89)                (85)
Interest rate and other impacts                                                        (75)                    (38)                  53             (113)                193
Total market experience relative to expectations                      $               (104) $                  (91) $               28   $          (195) $              135

Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's consolidated
statement of earnings, negatively impacted net earnings by $104 million in the second quarter of 2025, compared to a positive
impact of $28 million in the second quarter of 2024.
In-quarter impacts reflect interest rate and spread movements and lower returns than expected on real estate assets. The
negative interest rate and other impacts result primarily arose from liabilities increasing by more than their supporting assets in




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
the Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, largely due to risk-free rate and spread decreases. The lower returns than
expected on real estate and other non-fixed income assets arose due to underperforming real estate assets in the Canada
segment and in the U.K. in the Europe segment.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, market experience relative to expectations negatively impacted net earnings by $195
million which compares unfavourably to a positive impact of $135 million for the same period in 2024. The 2025 year-to-date
negative impact was primarily due to interest rate and spread movements in the Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions
segments and lower returns than expected on real estate assets.
In order to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate fluctuations, the Company follows disciplined processes for
matching asset and liability cash flows. As a result, the impact of changing interest rates is mostly mitigated in the current
period, with the impact of changes in fair values of bonds backing insurance contract liabilities mostly offset by a
corresponding change in the insurance contract liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of
assets and the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net
earnings due to the Company’s asset liability management strategies and accounting policy choices. These choices include
consideration of the impact on regulatory capital, which can result in increased net earnings sensitivity, but decreased capital
sensitivity. For example, the Company’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income
assets as a component of general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in net earnings. The
classification of financial assets, which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets supporting liabilities
(for example, mortgage assets in the U.K.), also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings. Furthermore, sensitivities
to interest rate movements vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur and the level of change in interest
rates by term.
For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity
disclosures as a result of current market conditions, refer to the "Risk Management" section of this document as well as note 6
of the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2025.
Assumption Changes and Management Actions
Assumption changes on insurance risks and certain management actions directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM.
The impact of assumption changes and certain management actions on CSM are measured at locked-in rates, for contracts
measured under the General Measurement Model.
Net earnings impacts arise from the fair value impact of measuring assumption changes impacting CSM at fair value (relative to
the impacts on CSM measured at locked-in rates), as well as assumption changes on financial risks on certain products and
assumption changes on insurance risks on contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance contracts).




                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      8


                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  9
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the three months ended June 30, 2025, assumption changes and management actions resulted in a decrease in CSM of $19
                                  million on segregated fund business as well as an increase in CSM of $7 million and a negative net earnings impact of $3
                                  million on non-participating business, excluding segregated funds.
                                  In the U.S. segment, CSM was negatively impacted by $37 million due to reinsurance of a block of segregated fund business
                                  with guarantees to a third party. In the Canada segment, CSM was positively impacted by $2 million on segregated fund
                                  business and net earnings were negatively impacted by $1 million on other non-participating business. In the Europe segment,
                                  CSM was positively impacted by $16 million on segregated fund business due to minor modelling refinements. Also in the
                                  Europe segment, CSM was positively impacted by $9 million and there was no impact to net earnings due to minor modelling
                                  refinements on other non-participating business. In the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, CSM was negatively impacted by
                                  $2 million and net earnings were negatively impacted by $2 million.
                                  The above compares to a decrease in CSM of $1 million on segregated fund business as well as an increase in CSM of $10
                                  million and a negative net earnings impact of $32 million on non-participating business, excluding segregated funds, in the
                                  previous quarter. This also compares to a decrease in CSM of $8 million and a positive net earnings impact of $39 million on
                                  non-participating business for the same period in 2024.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, assumption changes and management actions resulted in a decrease in CSM of $20
                                  million on segregated fund business as well as an increase in CSM of $17 million and a negative net earnings impact of $35
                                  million on non-participating business, excluding segregated funds. This compares to a decrease in CSM of $18 million and a
                                  positive net earnings impact of $38 million on non-participating business for the same period in 2024.
                                  Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  For the second quarter of 2025, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $148 million compared to negative $100
                                  million a year ago. Business transformation costs increased by $92 million compared to the same period in the prior year,
                                  primarily due to higher restructuring costs in Canada, partially offset by the provision releases related to the 2003 acquisition of
                                  Canada Life Financial Corporation.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $195 million compared to
                                  negative $153 million a year ago. Business transformation costs increased by $53 million compared to the same period in the
                                  prior year, primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results.

                                  Lifeco Lines of Business
                                  The Company has a diversified mix of business across its reportable operating segments and accordingly supplements its
                                  analysis of results with reporting and disclosures by business type or “lines of business”. The Company focuses on four key
                                  lines of business that extend across its reportable operating segments:
                                  •   Retirement
                                  •   Wealth
                                  •   Group Benefits
                                  •   Insurance & Risk Solutions


                                                                                                                Operating Segments

                                                                                                                                                                               Capital and Risk
                                      Lines of Business                     U.S.                             Canada                                Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                  Solutions

                                           Retirement
                                                                            ü                                   ü                                     ü
                                               Wealth
                                                                            ü                                   ü                                     ü
                                        Group Benefits
                                                                                                                ü                                     ü
                                       Insurance & Risk
                                           Solutions                                                            ü                                     ü                              ü

                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis     9


                                       B  10                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Lifeco Base Earnings by Lines of Business
                                                                                               For the three months ended                              For the six months ended
                                                                                      June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30             June 30            June 30
                                                                                       2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)         2025           2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
    Retirement                                                                   $               293 $                   316 $             289     $            609 $                543
    Wealth                                                                                       179                     166               156                  345                  303
    Group Benefits                                                                               250                     204               214                  454                  411
    Insurance & Risk Solutions                                                                   370                     344               340                  714                  691
    Earnings on surplus                                                                          126                     137               155                  263                  307
    Corporate expenses & other                                                                    (69)                  (137)              (116)               (206)                 (239)
    Lifeco base earnings1                                                        $             1,149 $                1,030 $            1,038     $         2,179 $                2,016
                                                                     2
    Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations                               $               894 $                   860 $           1,005     $         1,754 $                2,036

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

The information in the table above is a summary of base earnings by the Company's lines of business. Additional commentary
regarding base earnings by lines of business is included, as applicable, in the sections below.
Retirement
The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through the Retirement line of business. These
relationships are based on the consistent delivery of retirement solutions that are delivered at scale through employer
sponsored plans as a core part of the business. The Company is building lifetime customer relationships through a focus on




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
deepening the value of advice and product solutions to better meet customers' retirement needs.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended                           For the six months ended
                                                                                      June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30             June 30            June 30
                                                                                       2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)         2025           2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                        $               293 $                   316 $             289     $            609 $                543
    Retirement net asset flows2                                                             (30,838)                  7,283              (4,935)            (23,555)            (13,750)
    Net fee and spread income2                                                                 1,119                  1,154              1,133               2,273                  2,163
    Total client assets1                                                                 2,500,452              2,481,452             2,255,705
    Average client assets2                                                               2,439,776              2,530,729             2,205,605

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
      Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base earnings
Retirement base earnings for the second quarter of 2025 of $293 million increased by $4 million or 1% compared to the same
quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to asset growth driven by favourable market impacts in the Canada segment,
higher fee income from business growth and favourable market impacts in the U.S. segment, partially offset by negative credit-
related impacts as well as lower spread income from lower general account assets and lower spread margins in the U.S.
segment.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Retirement base earnings of $609 million increased by $66 million or 12% compared to
the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to higher asset-based fee income driven by business growth and
higher average equity markets, higher other fee income driven by business growth as well as favourable market impacts. These
items were partially offset by negative credit-related impacts in the U.S. segment in the first quarter of 2025, lower spread
income and lower operating expenses.
Net asset flows
Net asset outflows for the second quarter of 2025 were $30.8 billion, compared to net asset outflows of $4.9 billion for the same
quarter last year, primarily due to a large plan termination in the U.S. segment as well as additional large plan terminations in
the Canada segment. These items were partially offset by net inflows in individual pension and savings and retirement in the
Europe segment.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       10


                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  11
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Retirement net asset outflows were $23.6 billion compared to net asset outflows of
                                  $13.8 billion for the same quarter last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as
                                  higher terminations and withdrawals in the Canada segment. These items were partially offset by net inflows in individual
                                  pension and savings and retirement in the Europe segment.
                                  Client assets
                                  Total client assets at June 30, 2025 were $2.5 trillion, an increase of $19.0 billion compared to March 31, 2025, primarily due to
                                  positive impact of market movements, partially offset by net asset outflows in the U.S. segment.
                                  Wealth
                                  In partnership with over 108,000 advisor relationships globally at the start of 2025, the Company is delivering targeted and
                                  sophisticated solutions supported by personalized advice to meet customers’ personal wealth needs. The approach is enabled
                                  through investments in technology platforms and in managed solutions to help advisors continue to meet the evolving needs of
                                  customers.
                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                          As at or for the three months ended                                For the six months ended
                                                                                                                       June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30                   June 30           June 30
                                                                                                                        2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)               2025          2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                       $               179 $                  166 $                   156     $            345 $             303
                                      Wealth net asset flows2                                                                  1,369                   5,971                  4,627                  7,340            7,209
                                      Net fee and spread income2                                                                  628                    626                     564                 1,254            1,116
                                      Total client assets1                                                                  494,782                479,415                 426,161
                                      Average client assets2                                                                488,458                476,949                 419,061
                                      CSM, segregated fund products                                                            3,248                   3,225                  3,327




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  1
                                        This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                        Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Wealth base earnings for the second quarter of 2025 of $179 million increased by $23 million or 15% compared to the same
                                  quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to higher fee income driven by asset growth in the Europe segment and higher
                                  asset levels from positive net flows and market appreciation in the U.S. segment. These items were partially offset by higher
                                  negative credit-related impacts and higher operating expenses in the U.S. segment as well as lower spread and other fee
                                  income and higher operating expenses in Canada segment.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Wealth base earnings of $345 million increased by $42 million or 14% compared to the
                                  same period last year. The increase was primarily due to higher net fee and spread income driven by business growth as well as
                                  higher average equity market levels across all segments. These items were partially offset by higher negative credit-related
                                  impacts and higher operating expenses in the U.S. segment as well as lower spread and other fee income in the Canada
                                  segment.
                                  Net asset flows
                                  Net asset inflows for the second quarter of 2025 were $1.4 billion compared to $4.6 billion for the same quarter last year,
                                  primarily due to net outflows from an institutional client withdrawal in the Europe segment and higher dealer transfer out from
                                  third party mutual funds in the Canada segment. These items were partially offset by improved rollover sales, crossover sales
                                  and retention in the U.S. segment as well as higher inflows in the Canada segment driven by improved segregated fund sales
                                  and withdrawals.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net asset inflows were $7.3 billion were comparable to net asset inflows of $7.2 billion
                                  for the same quarter last year.
                                  Client assets
                                  Total client assets at June 30, 2025 were $494.8 billion, increased by $15.4 billion compared to March 31, 2025, primarily due to
                                  favourable impact of net asset inflows, market movements as well as favourable impact of currency movement in the Europe
                                  segment.
                                  CSM, segregated fund products
                                  CSM for segregated fund products at June 30, 2025 of $3.2 billion increased by $23 million compared to March 31, 2025,
                                  primarily due to market and currency movements, partially offset by negative organic CSM movement and the impact of
                                  changes in assumption and management actions.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         11


                                            B  12                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Group Benefits
The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through the Group Benefits line of business. These
relationships are based on the consistent delivery of health and wellness benefits that are delivered at scale through employer
sponsored plans as a core part of the business. The Company offers effective benefit solutions to small, medium and large sized
plan sponsors including a wide range of traditional and specialty group products designed to meet plan members' benefits
needs.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                        As at or for the three months ended                          For the six months ended
                                                                                     June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30            June 30            June 30
                                                                                      2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)        2025           2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                       $               250 $                   204 $             214    $             454 $               411
    Sales - Group Benefits (Insured)2                                                           185                     228               161                  413                 306
    Sales - Group Benefits (ASO & Other)2                                                         67                    233                31                  300                 101
    Fee and other income (ASO & Other)                                                          106                     106               106                  212                 220
    In-force premiums (Insured)2                                                            10,309                 10,124               9,726

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base earnings
Group Benefits base earnings for the second quarter of 2025 of $250 million increased by $36 million or 17% compared to the
same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to favourable long-term disability and group life experience in the
Canada segment as well as improved health claims experience in Ireland, partially offset by adverse experience in the U.K.
driven by elevated mortality claims.




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Group Benefits base earnings of $454 million increased by $43 million or 10%
compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to favourable life and long-term disability experience in
the Canada segment, improved health claims experience in Ireland and organic business growth in the Canada and Europe
segments. These items were partially offset by adverse experience in the U.K. driven by elevated mortality claims.
Sales
Group Benefits (Insured) sales for the second quarter of 2025 of $185 million increased by $24 million or 15% compared to the
same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to strong voluntary risk sales in Ireland.
Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales for the second quarter of 2025 of $67 million increased by $36 million compared to the
same quarter last year, primarily due to strong creditor sales.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Group Benefits (Insured) sales of $413 million increased by $107 million or 35%
compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to strong corporate and income protection sales in
Ireland as well as improved small group and national non-refund sales in the Canada segment. For the six months ended June
30, 2025, Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales of $300 million increased by $199 million or 197% compared to the same period
last year. The increase was primarily due to strong creditor and other large case sales in the Canada segment.
Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)
Group Benefits in-force premiums at June 30, 2025 were $10.3 billion, an increase of $0.2 billion compared to March 31, 2025,
primarily due to strong voluntary risk sales in Ireland, retention and the impact of currency movement in the Europe segment
as well as natural growth in the Canada segment, partially offset by net sales and transfers out in the Canada segment.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis     12


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  13
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                  The Company has a strong and stable insurance base which helps produce capital that is invested in areas of opportunity for
                                  growth. Additionally, with its sophisticated risk and capital management expertise, the Company is helping organizations
                                  manage their risks and deliver sustainable customer solutions. By leveraging this expertise, Lifeco is diversifying its portfolio,
                                  offsetting or counterbalancing risks and creating value for stakeholders including strong financial performance.
                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended                                For the six months ended
                                                                                                                      June 30                 Mar. 31          June 30                       June 30        June 30
                                                                                                                       2025                    2025         2024 (Restated)                   2025       2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $               370 $                  344 $          340              $            714 $          691
                                      Sales - Insurance2                                                                         287                    253                     205                   540            390
                                      Sales - Annuities2                                                                         552                    794                     658                 1,346          2,187
                                      New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated
                                        fund products                                                                              59                   143                       82                 202            209
                                      Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund
                                        products                                                                              7,153                   7,150                  6,186

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings for the second quarter of 2025 of $370 million increased by $30 million or 9%
                                  compared to the same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to business growth and improved claims experience in
                                  the Capital and Risk Solutions segment and higher investment earnings as well as positive experience through profit sharing
                                  arrangements in the Europe segment. These items were partially offset by unfavourable experience gains driven by adverse




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  mortality in Canada.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings of $714 million increased by $23 million or
                                  3% compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter
                                  results, partially offset by a net provision for estimated claims resulting from the impact of the California wildfires of $21 million
                                  after-tax in the first quarter of 2025 in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment.
                                  Sales
                                  Insurance sales for the second quarter of 2025 of $287 million increased by $82 million or 40% compared to the same quarter
                                  last year, primarily due to higher equity release mortgage sales in the Europe segment due to competitive positioning, partially
                                  offset by lower large case participating sales in the Canada segment.
                                  Annuity sales for the second quarter of 2025 of $552 million decreased by $106 million or 16% compared to the same quarter
                                  last year, primarily due to lower bulk annuity sales in the U.K. and payout annuity rate competitiveness in the Canada segment,
                                  partially offset by higher bulk annuity sales in Ireland, and growth in individual annuities in the Europe segment.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Insurance sales of $540 million increased by $150 million or 38% compared to the
                                  same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. For the six
                                  months ended June 30, 2025, Annuity sales of $1,346 million decreased by $841 million or 38% compared to the same period
                                  last year. The decrease was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions new business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, for the second quarter of
                                  2025 of $59 million decreased by $23 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower new bulk annuity
                                  sales in the U.K.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Insurance & Risk Solutions new business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated
                                  fund products of $202 million decreased by $7 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reason
                                  discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, at June 30, 2025 of $7,153 million were comparable to March 31,
                                  2025.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       13


                                            B  14                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Segmented Operating Results

The segmented operating results of Lifeco, including the comparative figures, are presented on an IFRS basis. Consolidated
operating results for Lifeco comprise the results of Empower, Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries), Lifeco's corporate
results (including PanAgora Asset Management) as well as results from Putnam Investments, reported as discontinued
operations. The following sections analyze the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: United States (U.S.),
Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions.
Translation of Foreign Currency
For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated
into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the financial period. All income and expense items are translated at an
average rate for the period.

United States
The United States segment comprises two distinct lines of business: Empower Workplace, which is aligned with the Retirement
line of business, and Empower Wealth. The United States segment operating results for Lifeco include the results of Empower
Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower) and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results. The U.S.
segment also includes the results of Putnam Investments classified as discontinued operations in 2024.
2025 Developments
•       During the first quarter of 2025, Empower announced a new consumer-directed healthcare (CDH) offering to help
        individuals manage their healthcare finances. Empower will offer benefits such as health savings accounts (HSAs), flexible
        spending accounts (FSAs), health reimbursement arrangements (HRAs), voluntary employees’ beneficiary association
        plans (VEBAs), wellness incentives, lifestyle benefits, and more. In partnership with Alegeus Technologies, LLC, the
        integrated set of CDH benefits will be incorporated into Empower's digital platform under the Empower brand. With a




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        track record of more than 25 years, Alegeus delivers consumer-directed benefit accounts for over 75,000 employers and
        more than 10 million participants.
•       During the second quarter of 2025, Empower announced a new investment option for retirement plan participants
        incorporating private market opportunities in equity, credit, and real estate into advised defined contribution retirement
        plans. The initiative was launched in collaboration with asset managers including Apollo, Franklin Templeton, Goldman
        Sachs, Neuberger Berman, PIMCO, Partners Group, and Sagard. The investments are included as part of Collective
        Investment Trust (CIT) offerings and are intended to provide plan participants with diversified investment options which
        were previously limited to institutional and high-net-worth investors.
Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings from continuing
    operations
                                                                                                  For the three months ended                              For the six months ended
                                                                                          June 30                Mar. 31               June 30            June 30           June 30
                                                                                           2025                   2025              2024 (Restated)        2025          2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss) (US$)1
      Retirement                                                                     $               175 $                  190 $              178    $           365 $               335
      Wealth                                                                                          43                      40                38                  83                 76
      Earnings on surplus                                                                             29                      25                28                  54                 58
    Base earnings (loss) (US$)1                                                      $               247 $                  255 $              244 $              502 $               469
      Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                                         (25)                   (18)               (39)               (43)                (84)
    Net earnings from continuing operations (US$)2                                   $               222 $                  237 $              205    $           459 $               385
                                    1
    Base earnings (loss) (C$)                                                        $               341 $                  365 $              335    $           706 $               637
    Net earnings from continuing operations (C$)2                                    $               305 $                  338 $              281    $           643 $               523
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations
In the second quarter of 2025, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$17 million to US$222 million
compared to the same quarter last year. Base earnings of US$247 million increased by US$3 million in the second quarter of
2025 compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to an increase in fee income driven by higher equity markets and
growth in the business. These items were offset by a non-recurring fee income adjustment related to the acquired Prudential
business in 2024, additional expenses for Wealth business growth, negative credit-related impacts and higher paid crediting
rates resulting in lower spreads.

                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis     14


                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  15
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$25 million in the second quarter of 2025 compared to negative US$39
                                  million in the second quarter of 2024. The change was primarily due to lower restructuring and integration expenses as well as
                                  less unfavourable market experience relative to expectations.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$74 million to $459 million
                                  compared to the same period last year. Base earnings of US$502 million increased by US$33 million compared to the same
                                  period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, items excluded from base earnings were negative US$43 million compared to negative
                                  US$84 million in the prior year. The change is primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                          As at or for the three months ended                             For the six months ended
                                                                                                                       June 30                 Mar. 31               June 30                  June 30          June 30
                                                                                                                        2025                    2025              2024 (Restated)              2025         2024 (Restated)
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1
                                        Retirement                                                                $          (22,159) $                5,203 $                (3,757) $             (16,956) $     (10,776)
                                        Wealth                                                                                 2,946                   2,768                   1,614                  5,714          2,900
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1                                                    $          (19,213) $                7,971 $                (2,143) $             (11,242) $      (7,876)
                                      Net asset flows - (C$)1                                                     $          (26,515) $               11,398 $                (2,935) $             (15,117) $     (10,676)
                                                                                 1
                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)
                                        Retirement                                                                $               705 $                   707 $                  728      $          1,412 $         1,394
                                        Wealth                                                                                    183                     171                    151                   354             301
                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)1                                            $               888 $                   878 $                  879      $          1,766 $         1,695
                                      Net fee and spread income (C$)1                                             $             1,225 $                1,254 $                 1,204      $          2,479 $         2,305




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Assets under administration (US$)2
                                        Assets under management or advisement2                                    $         381,447 $                356,341 $             350,410
                                        Assets under administration only1                                                 1,470,351              1,379,231               1,299,111
                                      Total client assets (US$)2                                                  $       1,851,798 $            1,735,572 $             1,649,521
                                                                                          2
                                      Total assets under administration (US$)                                     $       1,889,320 $            1,771,439 $             1,676,533
                                      Total assets under administration (C$)2                                     $       2,569,474 $            2,550,872 $             2,296,852

                                      Average client assets (US$)1
                                       Average client assets - Retirement                                         $       1,686,764 $            1,691,593 $             1,535,146
                                       Average client assets - Wealth                                                         93,511                  89,344                 76,430
                                      Total average client assets (US$)1                                          $       1,780,275 $            1,780,937 $             1,611,576
                                      Total average client assets (C$)1                                           $       2,456,779 $            2,546,740 $             2,207,859

                                  1
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the second quarter of 2025, net outflows increased to US$19.2 billion, compared to net outflows of US$2.1 billion for the
                                  same quarter last year, primarily due to a large plan termination in the second quarter of 2025. Large plan sales and
                                  terminations can be highly variable from period to period and tend to result in lower margins but nonetheless contribute to
                                  covering fixed overhead costs. The number of participants at the end of the second quarter of 2025 increased from the end of
                                  the second quarter and fourth quarter of 2024 in both Retirement and Wealth.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net outflows were US$11.2 billion compared to net outflows of US$7.9 billion for the
                                  same period last year. This increase is primarily due to lower plan sales year-to-date, partially offset by a plan termination in
                                  the first quarter of 2024 that exceeded the plan termination in the second quarter of 2025.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         15


                                           B  16                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Canada
The Canada segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The segment includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together with an allocation of
a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results.
2025 Developments
•       On June 25, 2025, Canada Life announced a new strategic agreement with ClearEstate, a leader in digital estate planning
        services, that will help make ClearEstate’s services more accessible. Through this strategic agreement, Canada Life,
        Investment Planning Counsel (IPC) and Quadrus will be able to refer certain of their clients, plan members, and
        employees to ClearEstate for their services.
•       The Company recorded a restructuring provision of $134 million during the second quarter of 2025. The restructuring is to
        support technology transformation, automation and overall efficiency targets for the Canada segment.
•       The Company announced a 25 bps increase in the dividend scale interest rate (DSIR) for open blocks (including new sales)
        effective July 1, 2025. DSIR changes ranged from no change to a 25 bps increase for our closed blocks. For some blocks, the
        Company also made changes to non-investment factors.
•       Subsequent to the second quarter, on July 22, 2025, the Company announced that Investment Planning Counsel (IPC) has
        entered into an agreement to acquire the wealth assets of De Thomas Wealth Management, an independent wealth firm.
        This acquisition fortifies the Company's position within the Canadian wealth management sector and underscores the
        Company's commitment to improved experiences for both advisors and clients. The transaction is expected to close in
        September 2025, subject to customary closing conditions including regulatory approvals, and is expected to add $2.7
        billion of assets under administration and 40 advisors.
Selected Financial Information




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                            For the three months ended                               For the six months ended
                                                                                    June 30                Mar. 31                June 30            June 30           June 30
                                                                                     2025                   2025               2024 (Restated)        2025          2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Retirement                                                               $                42 $                   38 $                38    $             80 $                72
      Wealth                                                                                    53                     54                  61                 107                 115
      Group Benefits                                                                           186                    143                 156                 329                 318
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                     53                      58                 60                 111                 119
      Earnings on surplus                                                                       25                      26                 41                  51                  73
      Other                                                                                     16                       (3)                4                  13                   3
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $               375 $                  316 $               360    $            691 $               700
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                       (120)                    (15)                13                (135)                 64
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                         $               255 $                  301 $               373    $            556 $               764
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

Base and net earnings
In the second quarter of 2025, net earnings of $255 million decreased by $118 million compared to the same quarter last year.
Base earnings of $375 million increased by $15 million or 4% compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to
favourable life and long term disability experience in Group Benefits, higher net fee income in Retirement as well as higher
asset-based fee income in Wealth driven by asset growth. These items were partially offset by unfavourable individual mortality
experience, lower CSM recognized for services provided driven by assumption changes in the prior year and lower earnings on
surplus.
Items excluded from base earnings were negative $120 million compared to positive $13 million for the same quarter last year,
driven by the restructuring provision taken this quarter. Market experience relative to expectations was positive $25 million in
the second quarter of 2025, comparable with the same quarter last year, as favourable public equity experience and more
favourable impacts of risk-free interest rates were offset by relatively unfavourable impacts from portfolio credit spreads.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net earnings of $556 million decreased by $208 million compared to the same period
last year. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, base earnings of $691 million decreased by $9 million or 1% compared to the
same period last year, primarily due to unfavourable individual mortality experience, lower CSM recognized for services
provided driven by assumption changes in the prior year and lower earnings on surplus. These items were partially offset by
higher net fee income in Retirement and Wealth driven by strong asset growth and favourable long-term disability experience
and organic growth in Group Benefits.


                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis     16


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  17
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative $135 million compared to positive $64 million for the same period last year,
                                  primarily due to the restructuring provision and less favourable impacts of risk-free interest rates.
                                  For the second quarter of 2025, net earnings attributable to the participating account was negative $6 million compared to net
                                  earnings of positive $51 million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to restructuring costs and certain income tax-
                                  related items not recurring.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the net earnings attributable to the participating account was $20 million compared to
                                  net earnings of $77 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed above for in-quarter
                                  results.

                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                          As at or for the three months ended                                 For the six months ended
                                                                                                                       June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30                    June 30            June 30
                                                                                                                        2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)                2025           2024 (Restated)
                                      Sales1
                                        Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                 $                97 $                   125 $                   93      $             222 $                  182
                                        Group Benefits (ASO & Other)1                                                              67                     233                     31                    300                    101
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                     123                     107                    147                    230                    301

                                      Net asset flows1
                                        Retirement                                                                $              (567) $                 (479) $                  64 $                (1,046) $                317
                                        Wealth                                                                                   (375)                    (35)                  (439)                   (410)                 (782)
                                      Net asset flows1                                                            $              (942) $                 (514) $                (375) $               (1,456) $               (465)
                                                                          1
                                      Net fee and spread income




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Retirement                                                                $               117 $                   116 $                  110      $             233 $                  214
                                        Wealth                                                                                    222                     233                    227                    455                    446
                                      Net fee and spread income1                                                  $               339 $                   349 $                  337      $             688 $                  660

                                      Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & Other)                           $               106 $                   106 $                  106      $             212 $                  220
                                                                              2
                                      Assets under administration
                                        Assets under management or advisement2                                    $         200,025 $               193,387 $              181,398
                                        Assets under administration only1                                                     2,786                   2,972                  2,886
                                      Total client assets2                                                        $         202,811 $               196,359 $              184,284
                                                                                    2,3
                                      Total assets under administration                                           $         313,279 $               306,426 $              285,494
                                                                  1
                                      Average client assets
                                       Average client assets - Retirement                                         $           77,521 $                78,608 $               72,207
                                       Average client assets - Wealth                                                       119,423                 119,334                110,800
                                      Total average client assets1                                                $         196,944 $               197,942 $              183,007

                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                 $               690 $                   698 $                1,124
                                        Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                               1,755                  1,708                   1,895
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                   3,214                  3,074                   3,232
                                      Contractual service margin                                                  $             5,659 $                5,480 $                 6,251

                                      Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                 $             7,394 $                7,341 $                 7,227

                                  1
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  3
                                       At June 30, 2025, Canada Life had $7.3 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($7.3 billion at December 31, 2024). $3.4 billion ($3.4 billion as at December 31,
                                       2024) of these assets are consolidated as investment on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.

                                  Sales
                                  Group Benefits (Insured) sales for the second quarter of 2025 of $97 million increased by $4 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to moderately increased large case sales. Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales for the second
                                  quarter of 2025 of $67 million increased by $36 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to increased
                                  creditor sales. Insurance and annuities sales for the second quarter of 2025 of $123 million decreased by $24 million compared
                                  to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower participating and lower individual annuity sales.




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                  17


                                            B  18                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Group Benefits (Insured) sales for the six months ended June 30, 2025 of $222 million increased by $40 million compared to the
same period last year, primarily due to increased small and large case sales. Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales for the six
months ended June 30, 2025 of $300 million increased by $199 million compared to the same period last year, due to strong
creditor and other large case sales. Insurance and annuities sales for the six months ended June 30, 2025 of $230 million
decreased by $71 million, due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
Net asset flows
In the second quarter of 2025, net asset outflows were $942 million compared to net asset outflows of $375 million for the same
quarter last year, primarily due to a large case plan termination in Retirement and higher outflows from third party mutual
funds, partially offset by improved segregated fund net asset flows in Wealth.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net asset outflows were $1,456 million compared to net asset outflows of $465 million
for the same period last year, primarily due to higher terminations and higher withdrawals in Retirement, partially offset by
improved segregated funds net asset flows in Wealth.
Contractual service margin
At June 30, 2025, total contractual service margin was $5,659 million, an increase of $179 million from March 31, 2025, driven
by the participating business due to favourable interest rates.
Group Benefits in-force premiums
Group Benefits in-force premiums at June 30, 2025 were $7.4 billion, an increase of $0.1 billion compared to March 31, 2025,
primarily due to natural growth, partially offset by net sales and transfers out.

Europe
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The segment serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.) and Germany operating under the Canada Life brand and Ireland
under the Irish Life brand along with other acquired brands within the intermediary and wealth markets in Ireland. The




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
segment's results also include an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results.
2025 Developments
•   In the first half of 2025, Canada Life U.K. offshore bond sales reached $3 billion (£1.6 billion), marking the highest half-year
    sales on record. Quote and application volumes remained strong heading into the second half of the year, reflecting
    continued market interest in the benefits offered by international bonds.
•   Canada Life U.K.’s Group Protection business enhanced its self-service online quotes portal, expanding its capability to
    support policies with up to 250 insured lives. This enhancement was delivered at no additional cost and has already
    generated more than 1,500 quotations since go-live. This will continue to help drive operational efficiency and support the
    Scheme Underwriting team.
•   In the second quarter of 2025, Irish Life Investment Managers was selected, along with two other parties, as asset manager
    for the Irish Government’s auto-enrolment retirement savings scheme, scheduled to launch in the first quarter of 2026.
•   During the second quarter, Irish Life introduced Platform Quarter, a market-first solution that integrates non-life and life-
    wrapped pension and investment offerings for brokers. The individual business also expanded its distribution footprint
    through a new partnership with SuperValu, leveraging the grocery chain’s 600,000 monthly active loyalty card users.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   18


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  19
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                             For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended
                                                                                                                    June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30                   June 30        June 30
                                                                                                                     2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)               2025       2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        Retirement                                                             $                 8 $                     7 $                     8    $            15 $            17
                                        Wealth                                                                                  68                      54                      42                122              84
                                        Group Benefits                                                                          64                      61                      58                125              93
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                  104                      89                      94                193             192
                                        Earnings on surplus                                                                     18                      28                      34                 46                76
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                    $               262 $                  239 $                   236     $            501 $          462
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                     (136)                    (72)                     (5)               (208)           (15)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                       $               126 $                  167 $                   231     $           293 $           447
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  In the second quarter of 2025, the Europe segment's net earnings of $126 million decreased by $105 million compared to the
                                  same quarter last year. Base earnings of $262 million increased by $26 million compared to the same quarter last year. The
                                  increase is primarily due to higher Wealth fee income resulting from asset growth, higher U.K. trading activity, favourable
                                  claims and group risk experience in Ireland, positive experience from profit sharing arrangements as well as the impact of
                                  currency movement. These items were partially offset by adverse group benefits experience in the U.K. due to elevated
                                  mortality claims.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the second quarter of 2025 were negative $136 million compared to negative $5 million




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  for the same quarter last year. Market experience relative to expectations was negative $110 million compared to positive $8
                                  million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to reductions in property market values and the impact of reductions in
                                  longer-term risk-free interest rates and credit spreads in the U.K.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net earnings of $293 million decreased by $154 million compared to the same period
                                  last year. Base earnings of $501 million increased by $39 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to higher
                                  Wealth fee income resulting from AUM growth, higher CSM recognized for services provided driven by business growth and
                                  assumption changes in the prior year, favourable claims and group risk experience in Ireland, positive experience from profit
                                  sharing arrangements as well as the impact of currency movement. These items were partially offset by adverse group benefits
                                  experience in the U.K. and lower earnings on surplus.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, items excluded from base earnings were negative $208 million compared to negative
                                  $15 million for the same period last year. The decrease was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter
                                  results.




                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        19


                                           B  20                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Additional financial information
                                                                                        As at or for the three months ended                          For the six months ended
                                                                                     June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30            June 30             June 30
                                                                                      2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)        2025            2024 (Restated)
    Sales1
      Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                 $                88 $                   103 $              68    $             191 $                 124
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                     716                     940               716                1,656 $               2,276

    Net asset flows1
      Retirement                                                                $              309 $                   322 $              147    $            631 $                  556
      Wealth                                                                                (2,321)                  2,048              2,855                (273)                 4,044
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                      21                     18                  1                   39                    21
    Net asset flows1                                                            $            (1,991) $               2,388 $            3,003    $             397 $               4,621
                                       1
    Net fee and spread income
      Retirement                                                                $                29 $                    28 $              27    $              57 $                  55
      Wealth                                                                                    154                     149               129                  303                   259
    Net fee and spread income1                                                  $               183 $                   177 $             156    $             360 $                 314
                                           2
    Assets under administration
      Assets under management or advisement2                                    $         269,153 $               260,760 $           233,693
      Assets under administration only1                                                       4,826                  4,523              4,044
    Total client assets2                                                        $         273,979 $               265,283 $           237,737

    Total assets under administration2,3                                        $         332,475 $               322,539 $           291,556




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               1
    Average client assets
     Average client assets - Retirement                                         $          34,521 $                33,143 $            30,248
     Average client assets - Wealth                                                       239,990                 229,853             203,552
    Total average client assets1                                                $         274,511 $               262,996 $           233,800

    Contractual service margin
      Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                 $             3,885 $                3,839 $            3,337
      Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                               1,549                  1,538              1,453
    Contractual service margin                                                  $             5,434 $                5,377 $            4,790

    Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                 $             2,915 $                2,783 $            2,499

1
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
2
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3
     At June 30, 2025, total assets under administration excludes $20.6 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies ($19.4 billion at March 31,
     2025 and $16.1 billion at June 30, 2024).

Sales
Group Benefits (Insured) sales for the second quarter of 2025 of $88 million increased by $20 million compared to the same
quarter last year, primarily due to strong voluntary risk sales in Ireland. Insurance and annuities sales of $716 million for the
second quarter of 2025 are comparable to the same quarter last year.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Group Benefits (Insured) sales of $191 million increased by $67 million compared to
the same period last year, primarily due to strong corporate and income protection sales in Ireland. Insurance and annuities
sales for the six months ended June 30, 2025 of $1,656 million decreased by $620 million compared to the same period last year,
primarily due to lower bulk and individual annuity sales in the U.K., partially offset by increased bulk annuity sales in Ireland.
Net asset flows
In the second quarter of 2025, net asset outflows were $2.0 billion compared to net asset inflows of $3.0 billion for the same
quarter last year. The net outflows were primarily due to an institutional client withdrawal in Ireland, partially offset by positive
net inflows in individual pension and savings and retirement, market growth and the impact of currency movement.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net asset inflows were $0.4 billion compared to net asset inflows of $4.6 billion for the
same period last year. The decrease was primarily due to an institutional client withdrawal in Ireland, partially offset by positive
net inflows in individual pension and savings and retirement, as well as the impact of currency movement.
Group Benefits in-force premiums
Group Benefits in-force premiums at June 30, 2025 were $2.9 billion, an increase of $0.1 billion compared to March 31, 2025,
primarily due to strong voluntary risk sales in Ireland, retention and the impact of currency movement.

                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        20


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  21
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Contractual service margin
                                  At June 30, 2025, total contractual service margin was $5.4 billion, an increase of $57 million from March 31, 2025, primarily
                                  due to the impact of currency movement, partially offset by negative organic CSM movement.

                                  Capital and Risk Solutions
                                  The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco's reinsurance business and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's
                                  Corporate results. Capital and Risk Solutions also includes the results for the Company's legacy international businesses.
                                  At Lifeco, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment results are generally included in the Insurance & Risk Solutions line of
                                  business.
                                  2025 Developments
                                  •       On June 25, 2025, the Company announced changes to its business strategy. The Capital and Risk Solutions segment will
                                          cease new business for its U.S. traditional life mortality risk reinsurance line of business in order to increase focus on core
                                          markets of structured solutions, longevity reinsurance and catastrophe retrocession.
                                  •       The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to
                                          potential claims arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and
                                          earthquakes. Current preliminary estimates of insured losses arising from catastrophe events during the second quarter of
                                          2025 do not reach the level where any significant claims would be anticipated. In addition, the Company continues to
                                          monitor potential impacts of recent geopolitical conflicts, which are not expected to have a material effect on financial
                                          results.
                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                             For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended
                                                                                                                    June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30                   June 30       June 30
                                                                                                                     2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)               2025      2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        Reinsurance                                                            $               213 $                  197 $                   186     $           410 $          380
                                        Earnings on surplus                                                                     16                     16                      13                  32             24
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                    $               229 $                  213 $                   199 $               442 $          404
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                       (35)                   (29)                    (35)                (64)           30
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                       $               194 $                  184 $                   164     $           378 $          434

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  In the second quarter of 2025, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment's net earnings of $194 million increased by $30 million
                                  compared to the same quarter last year. Base earnings of $229 million increased by $30 million compared to the same quarter
                                  last year driven by business growth and improved claims experience.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the second quarter of 2025 of negative $35 million were primarily due to interest rate
                                  movements relative to expectations and restructuring costs. Items excluded from base earnings for the second quarter of 2024
                                  of negative $35 million were primarily due to a charge of $27 million related to the retroactive application of the global
                                  minimum tax (GMT).
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net earnings of $378 million decreased by $56 million compared to the same period
                                  last year. Base earnings of $442 million increased by $38 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to
                                  business growth.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, items excluded from base earnings were negative $64 million compared to positive $30
                                  million for the same period last year, primarily due to interest rate movements relative to expectations.




                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       21


                                           B  22                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Additional financial information
                                                                                       As at or for the three months ended                          For the six months ended
                                                                                    June 30                 Mar. 31              June 30            June 30             June 30
                                                                                     2025                    2025             2024 (Restated)        2025            2024 (Restated)
    Run-rate insurance results by product1
      Capital Solutions                                                        $               127 $                   119 $             109    $             246 $                212
      Risk Solutions (excl. P&C)                                                                92                      92                82                  184                  164
      P&C and other                                                                             21                      18                21                   39                   42
    Total run-rate insurance results                                           $               240 $                   229 $             212    $             469 $                418

    Total balance sheet assets                                                 $           11,847 $               12,013 $             9,023

    Contractual service margin
      Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                          $             2,513 $                2,543 $            1,702
      Reinsurance - Participating                                                                1                      1                 23
    Contractual service margin                                                 $             2,514 $                2,544 $            1,725

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

Contractual service margin
At June 30, 2025, total contractual service margin of $2.5 billion was comparable to March 31, 2025.

Corporate
The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business units of
the Company. These items include:
•       certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly associated with the




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        operations of the major business units of the Company;
•       the results of PanAgora Asset Management (PanAgora);
•       dividend income from shareholdings in Franklin Resources, Inc. (Franklin Templeton); and
•       the results of the U.S. insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies,
        which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life retrocession block and guaranteed lifetime
        withdrawal benefit (GLWB) product.
Selected Financial Information - Corporate
                                                                                             For the three months ended                             For the six months ended
                                                                                    June 30                 Mar. 31         June 30                 June 30          June 30
                                                                                     2025                    2025        2024 (Restated)             2025         2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $               (58) $             (103) $           (92)        $           (161) $         (187)
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                         72                  (27)              48                       45              55
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $                 14 $                (130) $             (44)   $           (116) $               (132)

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

In the second quarter of 2025, Corporate had net earnings of $14 million compared to net losses of $44 million for the same
quarter last year. Base loss of $58 million decreased by $34 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to
changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters, partially offset by business losses from the U.S. insurance
portfolio and higher operating expenses.
Items excluded from base earnings for the second quarter of 2025 were positive $72 million compared to positive $48 million
for the same quarter last year, due to favourable market experience relative to expectations driven by positive interest rate
impacts as well as provision releases related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial Corporation.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Lifeco Corporate had a net loss of $116 million compared to a net loss of $132 million
for the same period last year. Base loss of $161 million decreased by $26 million compared to the same period last year,
primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, items excluded from base earnings were positive $45 million compared to positive $55
million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      22


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  23
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Consolidated Financial Position

                                  Assets
                                  Total assets
                                                                                                                                               As at June 30, 2025                As at December 31, 2024
                                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                $                       10,232         $               10,709
                                  Bonds                                                                                                                           168,155                        167,114
                                  Mortgage loans                                                                                                                   37,999                         38,879
                                  Stocks                                                                                                                           19,982                         18,826
                                  Investment properties                                                                                                             8,133                          8,257
                                  Invested assets                                                                                          $                      244,501         $              243,785

                                  Insurance contract assets                                                                                                          1,275                         1,193
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                  16,945                        17,842
                                  Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                    16,084                        16,386
                                  Other assets                                                                                                                      26,722                        26,571
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                         509,315                        496,386
                                  Total assets                                                                                             $                      814,842         $              802,163

                                  Total assets increased by $12.7 billion at June 30, 2025 from December 31, 2024.
                                  Invested assets at June 30, 2025 increased by $0.7 billion compared to December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily due to an
                                  increase in fair value of bonds resulting from a decrease in bond yields across all geographies.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders at June 30, 2025 increased by $12.9 billion compared to December 31,
                                  2024. The increase was primarily due to the net impact of market value gains of $14.3 billion and net investment income of $2.2
                                  billion, partially offset by net withdrawals of $2.4 billion and the negative impact of currency movement of $1.7 billion.
                                  Invested Assets
                                  The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the
                                  Company's insurance and investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and
                                  conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the
                                  Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering
                                  liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general fund are in medium-term and
                                  long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the Company’s liabilities.
                                  Bond portfolio
                                  It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment
                                  policies. Modest investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline
                                  and conservative approach to the investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $168.2
                                  billion or 69% of invested assets at June 30, 2025 compared to $167.1 billion or 69% at December 31, 2024. The increase in the
                                  bond portfolio was primarily due to an increase in fair values resulting from a decrease in bond yields across all geographies.
                                  The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 98% of the portfolio rated investment grade and 69% rated A or
                                  higher.
                                  Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to June 30, 2025. Management continues to closely monitor bond
                                  rating agency activity and general market conditions.
                                  Bond portfolio quality
                                                                                                                               As at June 30, 2025                          As at December 31, 2024
                                      AAA                                                                              $          24,452                     15 % $             24,462            15 %
                                      AA                                                                                          31,143                     18                 32,310            19
                                      A                                                                                           61,104                     36                 60,041            36
                                      BBB                                                                                         48,651                     29                 47,936            29
                                      BB or lower                                                                                  2,805                      2                   2,365             1
                                  Total                                                                                $        168,155                    100 % $                167,114          100 %




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         23


                                          B  24                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Mortgage portfolio
It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and
diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit
monitoring processes for commercial loans. The majority of the commercial mortgages held in the Europe segment are carried
at amortized cost and therefore there are no fair value movements recorded on these holdings. The Canada, Europe and
Capital and Risk Solutions segments also hold equity release mortgages within the mortgage portfolio. Equity release
mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue living in their homes while accessing some of the underlying
equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the borrower dies or moves into long-term care.

                                                                                      As at June 30, 2025                                      As at December 31, 2024
    Mortgage loans by type                                Insured1                 Non-insured          Total                                   Total
      Single family residential                      $                212      $                834      $              1,046             3% $       1,225           3%
        Multi-family residential                                    2,669                    6,576                     9,245             24               9,568                  25
        Equity release                                                 —                     5,387                     5,387             14               4,818                  12
        Commercial                                                     —                    22,321                    22,321             59              23,268                  60
    Total                                            $              2,881      $            35,118       $            37,999            100 % $          38,879                  100 %

1
     Insured mortgages include mortgages where insurance is provided by a third party and protects the Company in the event that the borrower is unable to fulfill their mortgage
     obligations.

The total mortgage portfolio was $38.0 billion or 16% of invested assets at June 30, 2025, compared to $38.9 billion or 16% of
invested assets at December 31, 2024. At June 30, 2025, total insured loans were $2.9 billion or 8% of the mortgage portfolio,
compared to $2.8 billion or 7% at December 31, 2024.
Derivative Financial Instruments
During the second quarter of 2025, there were no major changes to the Company's policies and procedures with respect to the




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
use of derivative financial instruments. The Company’s derivative transactions are generally governed by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement, which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out
netting of exposure to specific counterparties in the event of an early termination of a transaction, which includes, but is not
limited to, events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early termination, the Company is permitted to set off
receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty, in the same legal entity, arising out of all included
transactions. The Company’s ISDA Master Agreement may include Credit Support Annex provisions, which require both the
pledging and accepting of collateral in connection with its derivative transactions.
At June 30, 2025, total financial collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was
$1.4 billion ($1.7 billion at December 31, 2024) and pledged on derivative liabilities was $1.7 billion ($2.1 billion at
December 31, 2024). Collateral received on derivative assets decreased in 2025, primarily driven by the impact of the Euro and
British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay Euro or Pounds and receive U.S. dollars.
Collateral pledged on derivative assets decreased in 2025, primarily due to the strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the
U.S. dollar.
During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the outstanding notional amount of derivative contracts increased by $3.9 billion to
$67.0 billion compared to December 31, 2024, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities.
The Company’s exposure to derivative counterparty credit risk, which reflects the current fair value of those instruments in a
gain position, decreased to $2.2 billion at June 30, 2025 from $2.4 billion at December 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily due
to the Euro and British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay Euro or Pounds and
receive U.S. dollars. All derivative counterparties had investment-grade ratings as of June 30, 2025.

Liabilities
    Total liabilities
                                                                                                                              As at June 30, 2025       As at December 31, 2024
     Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                       $                158,070      $              155,683
     Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                     756                          795
     Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                        87,834                      90,157
     Other general fund liabilities                                                                                                         26,171                      26,488
     Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                        67,217                      66,343
     Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                      442,098                     430,043
    Total                                                                                                                 $                782,146      $                   769,509




                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        24


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  25
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Total liabilities increased by $12.6 billion to $782.1 billion at June 30, 2025 from December 31, 2024.
                                  Insurance contract liabilities increased by $2.4 billion. The increase was primarily due to the impact of market movements and
                                  currency movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
                                  Investment contract liabilities decreased by $2.3 billion. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of currency movements,
                                  partially offset by the impact of market movements.
                                  Other general fund liabilities decreased by $317 million. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in derivative financial
                                  instruments and debentures.
                                  Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $12.9 billion, primarily due to
                                  the net impact of market value gains of $14.3 billion and net investment income of $2.2 billion, partially offset by net
                                  withdrawals of $2.4 billion and the negative impact of currency movements of $1.7 billion.
                                  Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
                                  investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance
                                  and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
                                  established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the
                                  Company's Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024 for details on impairment testing of these assets.
                                  Contractual Service Margin
                                  The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future
                                  as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the
                                  fulfilment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a
                                  net inflow, then the group is classified as non-onerous. For non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the equal and
                                  opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income or expenses arising on initial recognition.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  If the total present value is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is
                                  recognized as a loss in the current period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current period,
                                  which determines the amounts that are subsequently recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.

                                      Contractual service margin continuity1
                                                                                           Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                          Capital
                                                                                        United                                           and Risk
                                                                                        States         Canada              Europe        Solutions            Total         Seg Funds          Participating       Total
                                      CSM beginning of period,                      $         55      $       690      $      3,664      $     2,436      $      6,845      $       3,268      $      3,255    $      13,368
                                      December 31, 2024
                                        Impact of new insurance business                      —                 16              114                 72              202                 69               54             325
                                        Expected movements from asset                            2              10                45                32               89                 63               94             246
                                          returns & locked-in rates
                                        CSM recognized for services                           (4)              (36)            (160)             (130)             (330)             (200)              (76)            (606)
                                           provided
                                        Insurance experience gains/losses                        7                7               33                14               61                (28)              —                 33
                                      Organic CSM movement                          $            5    $          (3) $            32     $         (12) $            22     $          (96) $            72    $           (2)
                                        Impact of markets                                     —                  —                —                 —                 —                (15)              85                70
                                        Impact of changes in assumptions                         9                3                 5               —                17                (20)               1                (2)
                                        and management actions
                                        Currency impact                                       (4)               —               184                 89              269               111               (12)            368
                                      Total CSM movement                            $         10      $         —      $        221      $          77    $         308     $          (20) $           146    $        434

                                      CSM end of period, June 30, 2025 $                      65      $       690      $      3,885      $     2,513      $      7,153      $       3,248      $      3,401    $      13,802

                                  1
                                       The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance contracts held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract liabilities.

                                  At June 30, 2025, total contractual service margin on non-participating business excluding segregated funds was $7.2 billion, an
                                  increase of $308 million from December 31, 2024. The increase was mainly driven by currency impacts of $269 million, and
                                  organic contractual service margin growth of $22 million.
                                  At June 30, 2025, total contractual service margin was $13.8 billion, an increase of $434 million from December 31, 2024. The
                                  increase was mainly driven by currency impacts of $368 million and the impact of markets of $70 million.
                                  Further detail on the assumption changes and management actions on non-participating business is provided in the
                                  "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document.


                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           25


                                           B  26                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Lifeco Capital Structure
In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,
management utilizes a variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital
needs of the Company.
Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
At June 30, 2025, debentures and other debt instruments decreased by $177 million to $9,292 million compared to December
31, 2024, primarily due to the impact of currency.
Share Capital and Surplus
Share capital outstanding at June 30, 2025 was $10.3 billion, which comprises $6.1 billion of common shares and $2.7 billion of
preferred shares and $1.5 billion Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares included $2.5 billion of non-
cumulative First Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares.
The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 6, 2025 for one year to purchase and cancel up to
20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the
Company's Stock Option Plan and for other capital management purposes. Effective January 6, 2025, the Company entered into
an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP). The ASPP is intended to facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB,
including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. All purchases of common shares made under the ASPP are included in determining the number
of common shares purchased under the NCIB. Any common shares purchased by the Corporation pursuant to the NCIB will
be cancelled.
During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately 8.4 million
common shares under the current NCIB at an average cost per share of $51.48.




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company intends to repurchase an additional $500 million of its common shares in 2025 under its Normal Course Issuer
Bid (NCIB), in addition to the $500 million announced during the first quarter of 2025, and the purchases made to offset
dilution under its share compensation plans. This is subject to market conditions, applicable regulatory approvals, the
Company's ability to effect the purchases on a prudent basis, and other strategic opportunities emerging.

Liquidity and Capital Management

Liquidity
    Total liquid assets
                                                                                         As at June 30, 2025                                  As at December 31, 2024
                                                                          On-balance                                                 On-balance
                                                                            sheet              Non-liquid/           Net liquid        sheet           Non-liquid/          Net liquid
                                                                            assets              Pledged               assets           assets           Pledged              assets
    Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
      Cash and cash equivalents1                                          $       10,232       $           280     $         9,952   $    10,709     $          339     $       10,370
      Short-term bonds2                                                            5,943                   257              5,686          5,429                348              5,081
      Sub-total                                                           $       16,175       $           537     $       15,638    $    16,138     $          687     $       15,451

    Other assets and marketable securities
      Government bonds2                                                   $       41,003       $      10,041       $       30,962    $    40,928     $      11,293      $       29,635
      Corporate bonds2                                                          121,209               60,539               60,670        120,757            59,688              61,069
      Stocks1                                                                    19,982                6,536               13,446         18,826             6,126              12,700
      Mortgage loans1                                                            37,999               35,118               2,881          38,879            36,089              2,790
      Sub-total                                                           $     220,193        $     112,234       $     107,959     $   219,390     $     113,196      $     106,194

    Total                                                                 $     236,368        $     112,771       $     123,597     $   235,528     $     113,883      $     121,645

1
     Refer to the consolidated balance sheet in the Company's June 30, 2025 interim consolidated financial statements and December 31, 2024 annual consolidated financial statements for
     on-balance sheet amounts.
2
     Total short-term bonds, government bonds and corporate bonds as at June 30, 2025 was $168.2 billion ($167.1 billion at December 31, 2024). Refer to the consolidated balance sheet
     in the Company's June 30, 2025 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for on-balance sheet bonds amounts.

The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and
maintaining levels of liquid investments adequate to meet anticipated liquidity needs. The Company holds cash, cash
equivalents and short-term bonds at the Lifeco holding company level and with the Lifeco consolidated subsidiary companies.


                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           26


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           B  27
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  At June 30, 2025, the Company and its operating subsidiaries held liquid cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds of $15.6
                                  billion ($15.5 billion at December 31, 2024) and other liquid assets and marketable securities of $108.0 billion ($106.2 billion at
                                  December 31, 2024). Included in the cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds at June 30, 2025 was $2.1 billion ($2.2 billion
                                  at December 31, 2024) held at the Lifeco holding company level which includes cash at Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, the
                                  Company's U.S. holding company. In addition, the Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered
                                  banks and other revolving credit agreements in the U.S. for potential unanticipated liquidity needs, if required. Refer to note
                                  6(b) in the Company’s June 30, 2025 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for additional detail.
                                  The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout
                                  ratio range of 45% to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares
                                  of the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. The decision to declare a
                                  dividend on the common shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings,
                                  adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.
                                  As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the
                                  Company receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation
                                  in a number of jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in
                                  connection with the different businesses carried on by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators
                                  in any jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends
                                  to the Company. In the second quarter of 2025, the Company's main operating subsidiaries made cash payments to the holding
                                  company in the form of dividends amounting to $0.5 billion ($0.7 billion in second quarter of 2024).
                                  Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms; and by maintaining a high quality,
                                  diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal and
                                  stress conditions. Refer to the "Liquidity Risk" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the period ended December 31, 2024
                                  for additional information.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Cash Flows
                                   Cash flows

                                                                                                        For the three months ended June 30                           For the six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                 2025                         2024                        2025                    2024
                                   Cash flows relating to the following activities:
                                   Operations                                                           $                1,485       $                1,535      $                   1,318    $          1,788
                                   Financing                                                                               (914)                       (641)                     (1,600)                 (1,177)
                                   Investment                                                                                (12)                      (105)                           (14)               (319)
                                                                                                                            559                         789                           (296)                292
                                   Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash
                                      equivalents                                                                          (270)                         85                           (181)                173
                                   Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period                           289                         874                           (477)                465
                                   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                        9,943                        7,708                     10,709                   8,117
                                   Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                             $              10,232        $                8,582      $              10,232        $          8,582


                                  The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including
                                  insurance revenue, net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder
                                  dividends and claims, as well as operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the statement of cash flows
                                  also includes transfers and withdrawals by clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for cash. Cash flows generated by
                                  operations are mainly invested to support future liability cash requirements. Cash flows related to financing activities include
                                  the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated dividends and interest payments.
                                  In the second quarter of 2025, cash and cash equivalents increased by $289 million from March 31, 2025. Cash flows provided
                                  by operations during the second quarter of 2025 were $1,485 million, a decrease of $50 million compared to the second quarter
                                  of 2024. The decrease was primarily due to higher net purchases of portfolio investments as well as lower net earnings after
                                  taxes, partially offset by favourable fair value adjustments. Cash flows used by financing activities of $914 million were primarily
                                  used for purchases of common shares as well as payment of dividends to common shareholders.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $477 million from December 31, 2024. Cash
                                  flows provided by operations were $1,318 million, a decrease of $470 million compared to the same period last year, primarily
                                  due to timing of purchases of portfolio investments relative to sales, maturities and repayments from the prior quarter as well
                                  as the same reasons as discussed for the in-quarter results. Cash flows used by financing activities of $1,600 million were
                                  primarily used for the same reasons as discussed for the in-quarter results.


                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             27


                                        B  28                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Commitments/Contractual Obligations
Commitments/contractual obligations have not changed materially from December 31, 2024.

Capital Management and Adequacy
The Board of Directors reviews and approves an annual capital plan as well as capital transactions undertaken by management
pursuant to the plan. The capital plan is designed to ensure that the Company maintains adequate capital, taking into account
the Company's strategy, risk profile and business plans. The Company has established policies and procedures designed to
identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for
implementing and monitoring the capital plan. In addition to undertaking capital transactions, the Company uses and
provides traditional and structured reinsurance to support capital and risk management.
At the holding company level, the Company monitors the amount of consolidated capital available and the amounts deployed
in its various operating subsidiaries. The amount of capital deployed in any particular company or country is dependent upon
local regulatory requirements as well as the Company’s internal assessment of capital requirements in the context of its
operational risks and requirements and strategic plans. The Company’s practice is to maintain the capitalization of its
regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum regulatory capital requirements in the
jurisdictions in which they operate. The capitalization decisions of the Company and its operating subsidiaries also give
consideration to the impact such actions may have on the opinions expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide
financial strength and other ratings to the Company.
In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT).
The June 30, 2025 LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the 2025 OSFI Guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy
Test.
The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
calibrated so that a life insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The
LICAT guideline uses a risk-based approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate
the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.
OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. Lifeco's major
Canadian operating subsidiary, Canada Life, is operating well above these supervisory ratios.
Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio at June 30, 2025 was 132%. The LICAT Ratio does not take into account any impact
from $2.1 billion of liquidity at the Lifeco holding company level at June 30, 2025 ($2.2 billion at December 31, 2024).
The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:

    LICAT Ratio

                                                                                                                                                    June 30              Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                     2025                 2024
     Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                             $       21,301      $      20,142
     Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                      7,518              5,253
     Total Available Capital                                                                                                                            28,819             25,395
     Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                                               5,354              5,130
    Total Capital Resources                                                                                                                     $       34,173      $      30,525

    Required Capital                                                                                                                            $       25,855      $      23,516

    Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)1                                                                                                          132 %                  130 %
1
     Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

The LICAT Ratio increased by two points from 130% at December 31, 2024 to 132% at June 30, 2025 as a result of the transition
impacts to reporting based on the 2025 LICAT Guideline, as amended for Segregated Funds with Guarantees. The increase in
Available Capital is driven by the inclusion of CSM for Segregated Funds with Guarantees. The increase in Required Capital is
due mainly to the direct increase in the Segregated Fund Guarantee Risk associated with the increase in Available Capital.
In the U.S, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners has established Risk-Based Capital (RBC) as a regulatory
capital adequacy measurement. Empower, Lifeco’s U.S. operating company, reports its RBC ratio annually to U.S. Insurance
Regulators. The RBC ratio is for information only and is not intended as a means to rank insurers generally or for any other
purpose. At June 30, 2025, the ratio is estimated to continue to be above 500%.



                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       28


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  29
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  OSFI Regulatory Capital Initiatives
                                  Canada Life is reporting under revised capital requirements for Segregated Fund Guarantee Risk that OSFI has introduced with
                                  its 2025 LICAT Guideline, effective January 1, 2025.
                                  Canada Life is now reporting with the reduced the capital requirements for unrated infrastructure debt to Permitted
                                  Infrastructure Entities (PIEs) located in Canada. and for infrastructure equity that meets the criteria of PIEs located in Canada
                                  announced by OSFI on July 3, 2025. These changes apply to all federally regulated life insurers.

                                  Return on Equity (ROE)
                                                                                                                                                                      June 30                Mar. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                       2025                   2025           2024 (Restated)
                                      Base ROE1 by segment
                                        United States                                                                                                                        18.6 %                 18.6 %             18.1 %
                                        Canada                                                                                                                               16.7 %                 16.6 %             17.1 %
                                        Europe                                                                                                                               17.4 %                 16.2 %             16.1 %
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                           42.1 %                 42.2 %             42.2 %
                                      Lifeco base ROE excluding Corporate1                                                                                                   19.7 %                 19.3 %             19.3 %
                                      Consolidated base ROE1                                                                                                                 17.4 %                 17.2 %             17.5 %
                                                                           2
                                      ROE - continuing operations by segment
                                        United States                                                                                                                        17.0 %                 16.7 %             15.8 %
                                        Canada                                                                                                                               17.0 %                 18.5 %             19.7 %
                                        Europe                                                                                                                               13.7 %                 14.9 %             15.9 %
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                           28.3 %                 27.8 %             32.3 %
                                      Lifeco ROE excluding Corporate - continuing operations2                                                                                17.2 %                 17.8 %             18.6 %




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Consolidated ROE - continuing operations2                                                                                              14.9 %                 15.6 %             16.7 %
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated capital required by each segment on a standalone
                                  basis.
                                  Lifeco's consolidated base ROE as at June 30, 2025 increased by 0.2 percentage points compared to March 31, 2025. The
                                  increase was primarily due to higher base earnings, offset by higher average equity over the trailing four quarters ended
                                  June 30, 2025.
                                  Lifeco's consolidated ROE as at June 30, 2025 decreased by 0.7 percentage points compared to March 31, 2025. The decrease
                                  was primarily due to lower earnings and higher average equity over the trailing four quarters ended June 30, 2025.

                                  Ratings
                                  Lifeco and its operating companies maintain ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings1 are intended to
                                  provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a corporation and are
                                  indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of
                                  each obligation.
                                  Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, are assigned a group rating from each rating agency. This group rating is
                                  predominantly supported by leading positions in the Canadian insurance market and competitive positions in the U.S. and
                                  Europe. Each of Lifeco's operating companies benefit from the strong implicit financial support and collective ownership by
                                  Lifeco.
                                  During the second quarter of 2025, the existing credit ratings for Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged.
                                  As of June 30, 2025, all agency outlooks for Lifeco’s rated entities were unchanged at stable.
                                  For a complete listing of credit ratings for Great-West Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, please refer to the "Investor
                                  Relations" section of the Company's website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.




                                  1
                                       These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine
                                       suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or
                                       withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.


                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              29


                                           B  30                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Risk Management

The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk
appetite, informs and improves the deployment of capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of
exposure to potential losses and risk. The Company’s Risk Function is responsible for developing and maintaining the Risk
Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and risk limit structure, and provides independent risk oversight across
the Company’s operations. The Board of Directors is ultimately accountable and responsible for the Company's risk
governance and associated risk policies. These include the ERM Policy, which establishes the guiding principles of risk
management, and the RAF, which reflects the levels and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its
business objectives.
During the six months ended June 30, 2025, there were no significant changes to the Company's risk management and control
practices. Refer to the Company's 2024 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's risk management and
control practices.

Exposures and Sensitivities
Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/
morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a
change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the Company’s earnings.
Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a result




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
of changes to management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to calculate the
Company's financial risk sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's
Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024. For changes in financial assumptions, the sensitivity is shown net of the
corresponding impact on earnings of the change in the value of liabilities and the value of assets supporting liabilities. The
sensitivities to shareholders' net earnings, shareholders' equity and CSM to changes in financial assumptions shown below
have been rounded to the nearest $25 million.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated
in the table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary
depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads
may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit
conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities
below.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   30


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  31
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Financial exposures and sensitivities
                                                                                                            Shareholders' net                 Shareholders'
                                                                                                                earnings                         equity                            CSM1                           LICAT2
                                                                                                            June 30         Dec. 31        June 30         Dec. 31        June 30        Dec. 31           June 30      Dec. 31
                                                                                                             2025            2024           2025            2024           2025           2024              2025         2024
                                      Investment returns:
                                         Change in risk free interest rates
                                             50 basis points increase                                      $       100 $          125 $            50 $           75 $            25 $           50     0 point          (1 point)
                                             50 basis points decrease                                             (125)          (150)           (100)          (125)            (50)          (100) < (1 point)        < 1 point
                                         Change in credit spreads
                                             50 basis points increase                                      $       200 $          250 $           275 $          325 $            25 $               50       0 point    0 point
                                             50 basis points decrease                                             (250)          (300)           (350)          (400)            (50)               (75)      0 point < (1 point)
                                         Change in publicly traded common stock values1
                                              20% increase                                                 $        75 $          100 $           550 $          525 $           375 $          450   < 1 point (1 point)
                                              10% increase                                                          50              50            275            250             200            225     0 point < (1 point)
                                              10% decrease                                                         (50)            (50)          (275)          (250)           (200)          (225) < (1 point) < 1 point
                                              20% decrease                                                        (100)          (100)           (550)          (525)           (375)          (425)   (1 point) < (1 point)
                                        Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                           10% increase                                                    $       425 $          425 $           450 $          475 $             — $              —       < 1 point     1 point
                                           5% increase                                                             200            225             225            250               —                —         0 point < 1 point
                                           5% decrease                                                            (225)          (225)           (250)          (250)              —                —      < (1 point) < (1 point)
                                           10% decrease                                                           (450)          (450)           (475)          (500)              —                —        (1 point) (1 point)

                                  1
                                       The impacts to the total contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  2
                                       LICAT sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot
                                       provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will be as indicated. LICAT sensitivities are rounded to the nearest point. As at December 31,
                                       2024, the LICAT sensitivities were prepared on a LICAT 2024 Guideline basis. As at March 31, 2025, the LICAT sensitivities were prepared under the LICAT 2025 Guideline.

                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                  positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada, U.K. and the U.S., and are positively
                                  impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
                                  change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
                                  parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts of shareholders' net earnings, shareholders' equity and the LICAT ratio
                                  from market movements. If there is a sustained change in investment markets, impacts on earnings, shareholders' equity and
                                  the LICAT ratio will change over time, due to a combination of factors including the impact of a sustained change on the run-
                                  rate of base earnings.
                                  The additional sensitivities below illustrate the approximate impact to the Company’s base earnings that would arise over a 12-
                                  month period as a result of immediate changes to risk-free interest rates and publicly traded common stock values. The
                                  sensitivities below are primarily reflected in asset-based fee income for the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of
                                  business, earnings on surplus and general account spread margins. The sensitivities below assume no subsequent changes in
                                  interest rates and that equity markets achieve their expected returns thereafter. Under sustained changes to investment
                                  markets, certain management actions and changes in policyholder behaviours are likely to occur, and are not reflected in the
                                  below sensitivities.
                                  The estimated impacts, rounded to the nearest $25 million, for the initial 12 months after the immediate change in interest
                                  rates and equity markets (impacts beyond this period may differ) would be as follows:
                                          •      A 50 basis points immediate parallel decrease (increase) in risk-free interest rates would decrease (increase) the
                                                 Company's base earnings by approximately $75 million.
                                          •      A 10% immediate decrease (increase) in publicly traded common stock values would decrease (increase) the
                                                 Company's base earnings by approximately $200 million.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
                                  the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of
                                  shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
                                  increase of $10 million or a decrease of $10 million post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10 million. In addition,
                                  as at both June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of the CSM of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or
                                  decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $50 million or a decrease of $50 million pre-tax, respectively,
                                  when rounded to the nearest $25 million.


                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                31


                                              B  32                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the
year ended December 31, 2024 for additional information on earnings sensitivities.

International Financial Reporting Standards
Due to the evolving nature of IFRS, there are a number of IFRS changes impacting the Company in 2025, as well as standards
that could impact the Company in future reporting periods. The Company actively monitors future IFRS changes proposed by
the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the
Company's results or operations.
Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 21, The Effects of
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates effective January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact
on the Company's financial statements.
For additional detail, refer to note 2 of the Company’s condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the
period ended June 30, 2025.




                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   32


                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  33
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Other Information

                                  Summary of Earnings Reclassifications
                                  Summary of earnings reclassifications between operating segments and Corporate segment - Q2 2024
                                                                                                                                             Capital and
                                                                        United States           Canada                   Europe             Risk Solutions              Corporate           Total
                                  Base earnings - Q2 2024
                                  presentation                          $         324      $              322      $               206      $               190     $               (4) $       1,038
                                  Reclassifications:
                                   Expenses (pre-tax)                                5                      12                        7                        3                  (27)               —
                                   Financing charges (pre-tax)                      52                      39                       27                        7                 (125)               —
                                   Taxes                                           (26)                    (13)                      (4)                      (1)                  44                —
                                  Other impacts:
                                   PanAgora (after-tax)                              (1)                    —                        —                        —                     1                —
                                   Franklin Templeton share dividends
                                   (after-tax)                                     (17)                     —                        —                        —                   17                 —
                                   U.S. legacy insurance portfolios
                                   (after-tax)                                       (3)                    —                        —                        —                     3                —
                                   GLWB product (after-tax)                          1                      —                        —                        —                    (1)               —
                                  Total reclassifications                           11                      38                       30                       9                   (88)               —
                                  Base earnings - Q2 2024
                                  reclassified                                    335                     360                      236                      199                   (92)          1,038
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - Q2 2024 presentation                  (50)                     13                        (5)                    (35)                 44                (33)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Total items excluded from base -
                                  reclassifications                                  (4)                    —                        —                        —                     4                —
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - Q2 2024 reclassified                  (54)                     13                        (5)                    (35)                 48                (33)
                                  Net earnings from continuing
                                  operations                            $         281      $              373      $               231      $               164     $             (44) $        1,005

                                  Summary of earnings reclassifications between operating segments and Corporate segment - Q1 2024
                                                                                                                                             Capital and
                                                                        United States           Canada                   Europe             Risk Solutions              Corporate           Total
                                  Base earnings - Q1 2024
                                  presentation                          $         286      $              302      $               197      $               195     $               (2) $           978
                                  Reclassifications:
                                   Expenses (pre-tax)                                6                      12                        8                        4                  (30)               —
                                   Financing charges (pre-tax)                      51                      39                       26                        7                 (123)               —
                                   Taxes                                           (26)                    (13)                      (5)                      (1)                  45                —
                                  Other impacts:
                                   PanAgora (after-tax)                              4                      —                        —                        —                     (4)              —
                                   Franklin Templeton share dividends
                                   (after-tax)                                     (21)                     —                        —                        —                   21                 —
                                   U.S. legacy insurance portfolios
                                   (after-tax)                                       1                      —                        —                        —                     (1)              —
                                   GLWB product (after-tax)                          1                      —                        —                       —                     (1)               —
                                  Total reclassifications                           16                      38                       29                      10                   (93)               —
                                  Base earnings - Q1 2024
                                  reclassified                                    302                     340                      226                      205                   (95)              978
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - Q1 2024 presentation                  (53)                     51                      (10)                     65                     —               53
                                  Total items excluded from base -
                                  reclassifications                                  (7)                    —                        —                        —                     7                —
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - Q1 2024 reclassified                  (60)                     51                      (10)                     65                     7               53
                                  Net earnings from continuing
                                  operations                            $         242      $              391      $               216      $               270     $             (88) $        1,031




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         33


                                        B  34                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each
of its business units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is
presented other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's
consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance
with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardized meaning under GAAP and may not
be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find these financial measures useful in
understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.
Base earnings (loss)
Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an
alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from IFRS reported net earnings:
•    Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected returns;
•    Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;
•    Business transformation impacts which include acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;
•    Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income tax
     rate changes on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax impairments, net gains, losses or
     costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations;
•    The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•    Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets; and
•    Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.

Lifeco

                                                                                          For the three months ended                            For the six months ended
                                                                                   June 30         Mar. 31                    June 30            June 30            June 30
                                                                                    2025            2025                       2024               2025               2024
Base earnings                                                                  $           1,149 $      1,030 $                    1,038    $         2,179 $            2,016

Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings
    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                       $            (116) $               (113) $            45     $           (229) $              181
         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          12                    22             (17)                   34                (46)
    Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                         (5)                (42)               1                  (47)                   4
         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            2                   10              38                    12                 34
    Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                               (181)                  (13)             (35)                (194)               (102)
         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          60                      3              6                    63                 24
    Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
      tax)                                                                                    (51)                 (51)             (52)                (102)               (102)
         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          13                   14               15                   27                  27
    Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                                    —                     —                —                    —                   —
          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         11                    —              (34)                   11                  —
    Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                            $            (353) $               (219) $            (41)   $           (572) $               (19)
    Impact of items excluded from base earnings on income
      taxes                                                                                    98                    49               8                 147                   39
Net earnings from continuing operations                                        $             894 $                 860 $          1,005     $         1,754 $               2,036
    Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                               —                     —                —                   —                   (115)
    Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                              —                     —                —                   —                     44
Net earnings - common shareholders                                             $             894 $                 860 $          1,005     $         1,754 $               1,965




                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       34


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  35
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  United States

                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended
                                                                                                                                                          June 30                                     June 30
                                                                                                              June 30               Mar. 31                2024                    June 30             2024
                                                                                                               2025                  2025                (Restated)                 2025             (Restated)
                                  Base earnings                                                           $             341 $                 365 $                 335       $          706 $               637

                                  Items excluded from base earnings
                                    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                 $                 (3) $                  2 $                  (7)    $              (1) $            (10)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     —                     —                       1                    —                    2
                                    Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                              (9)                   (1)                 (26)                 (10)                (70)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       3                   —                       4                    3                16
                                    Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                      tax)                                                                               (36)                  (38)                  (37)                 (74)                (71)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       9                   10                    11                     19               19
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                 $             305 $                 338 $                 281       $          643 $               523
                                    Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                           —                     —                     —                      —              (115)
                                    Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                          —                     —                     —                      —                44
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                      $             305 $                 338 $                 281       $          643 $               452


                                  Canada

                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                          June 30                                     June 30
                                                                                                              June 30               Mar. 31                2024                    June 30             2024
                                                                                                               2025                  2025                (Restated)                 2025             (Restated)
                                  Base earnings                                                           $             375 $                 316 $                 360       $          691 $               700

                                  Items excluded from base earnings
                                    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                 $                44 $                   (9) $                35      $              35 $            128
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     (19)                   (1)                  (10)                 (20)                (36)
                                    Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                   (1)                   —                      1                   (1)                 10
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     —                     —                     —                      —                    (3)
                                    Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                          (192)                     (2)                   (9)               (194)                (32)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     53                      1                     2                    54                   8
                                    Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                      tax)                                                                                 (7)                   (6)                   (8)                (13)                (15)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       2                     2                     2                    4                    4
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                      $             255 $                 301 $                 373       $          556 $               764




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis               35


                                       B  36                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Europe

                                                                                         For the three months ended                                For the six months ended
                                                                                                                             June 30                                 June 30
                                                                                 June 30                Mar. 31               2024                  June 30           2024
                                                                                  2025                   2025               (Restated)               2025           (Restated)
Base earnings                                                                $              262 $                239 $              236        $          501 $             462

Items excluded from base earnings
  Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                       $             (139) $                (47) $             13        $          (186) $                (2)
         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                        29                    11                    (5)                  40                 (2)
  Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                         (1)                 (32)                   (2)               (33)                  (2)
         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          1                     8                   —                     9                 —
  Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                                 (42)                  (10)                   —                 (52)                  —
         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                        10                      2                   —                    12                 —
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
    tax)                                                                                      (6)                   (5)                  (5)               (11)              (11)
         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          1                     1                   1                     2                 2
  Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)                                                   —                     —                 —                        —                  —
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         11                    —                 (7)                      11                 —
Net earnings - common shareholders                                           $              126 $                167 $              231        $          293 $             447


Capital and Risk Solutions




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                         For the three months ended                                For the six months ended
                                                                                                                             June 30                                 June 30
                                                                                 June 30                Mar. 31               2024                  June 30           2024
                                                                                  2025                   2025               (Restated)               2025           (Restated)
Base earnings                                                                $             229 $                 213 $              199        $          442 $             404

Items excluded from base earnings
  Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                       $              (31) $                (35) $                 (6)   $           (66) $            43
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            4                     7                    (2)                11               (6)
  Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                         (3)                   (1)                  (1)                  (4)                (7)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          1                    —                   1                       1                 —
  Business transformation impacts                                                            (9)                   —                  —                       (9)                —
        Income tax expense (benefit)                                                          3                    —                  —                        3                 —
  Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)                                                   —                     —                  —                       —                  —
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         —                     —                 (27)                     —                  —
Net earnings - common shareholders                                           $             194 $                 184 $              164        $          378 $             434




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis          36


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           B  37
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended
                                                                                                                                                          June 30                                    June 30
                                                                                                              June 30               Mar. 31                2024                    June 30            2024
                                                                                                               2025                  2025                (Restated)                 2025            (Restated)
                                  Base earnings (loss)                                                    $              (58) $              (103) $                 (92)     $          (161) $           (187)

                                  Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                  $               13 $                 (24) $                 10      $           (11) $             22
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    (2)                    5                    (1)                    3                  (4)
                                    Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                   —                      (9)                    3                     (9)                3
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   —                       2                   37                      2              37
                                    Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                             71                    —                     —                      71                  —
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    (9)                  —                     —                       (9)                —
                                    Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                      tax)                                                                                 (2)                   (2)                   (2)                    (4)                (5)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       1                     1                     1                      2                  2
                                  Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                               $               14 $               (130) $                 (44)     $          (116) $           (132)

                                  Base earnings - pre-tax
                                  Represents base earnings (loss) before income taxes, earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests and preferred
                                  share dividends.

                                  Lifeco




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended
                                                                                                            June 30      Mar. 31                          June 30                  June 30           June 30
                                                                                                             2025         2025                             2024                     2025              2024
                                  Base earnings (pre-tax)                                                 $      1,337 $      1,282 $                          1,325          $         2,619 $           2,555

                                  Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings (pre-tax)
                                      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)               $             (116) $               (113) $                  45      $          (229) $            181
                                      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                (5)                  (42)                     1                   (47)               4
                                      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                        (181)                  (13)                  (35)                 (194)             (102)
                                      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                        (pre-tax)                                                                        (51)                 (51)                  (52)                 (102)             (102)
                                    Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                       $            (353) $               (219) $                 (41)     $          (572) $             (19)
                                    Participating account                                                                (34)                   15                    30                     (19)            36
                                  Earnings before income taxes                                            $             950 $               1,078 $               1,314       $         2,028 $           2,572

                                  Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA), and client assets
                                  Assets under administration, assets under management or advisement and client assets are non-GAAP financial measures.
                                  These measures provide an indication of the size and volume of the Company's overall business. Administrative services are an
                                  important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.
                                  Total assets under administration includes assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under administration only
                                  (AUAO), the total of which is total client assets, and other balance sheet assets.
                                  Client assets represents the total client assets under management or advisement plus assets under administration only for the
                                  Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business.
                                  Client assets are classified as AUMA where the Company earns a fee for one or more of the following services: investment
                                  management services for proprietary funds or institutional assets, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients,
                                  and/or the provision of financial advice. AUMA relate to the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business only.
                                  Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for the definition of AUAO.
                                  Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets, reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other
                                  assets, as well as the portion of invested assets and investments on account of segregated fund policyholders not included
                                  within total client assets.




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              37


                                       B  38                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Lifeco1
                                                                                                                                                                          June 30
                                                                                                                                         June 30        Mar. 31            2024
                                                                                                                                          2025           2025            (Restated)
    Assets under administration
    Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $    1,036,167 $   1,013,530 $           941,272
    Assets under administration only2                                                                                                     2,007,290     1,993,588           1,786,711
    Total client assets                                                                                                              $    3,043,457 $   3,007,118 $         2,727,983
    Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                           231,841       230,983             201,059
    Total assets under administration                                                                                                $    3,275,298 $   3,238,101 $         2,929,042
    of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                   814,842        804,144             749,562
    of which: Invested assets                                                                                                              244,501        247,807             228,616

1
     Total Lifeco assets under administration includes assets under management related to PanAgora Asset Management included in the Corporate segment.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.


    United States
                                                                                                                                                                          June 30
                                                                                                                                         June 30        Mar. 31            2024
                                                                                                                                          2025           2025            (Restated)
    Assets under administration
    Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $     518,766 $      513,132 $           480,064
    Assets under administration only1                                                                                                     1,999,678     1,986,093           1,779,781
    Total client assets                                                                                                              $    2,518,444 $   2,499,225 $         2,259,845




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                            51,030        51,647              37,007
    Total assets under administration                                                                                                $    2,569,474 $   2,550,872 $         2,296,852
    of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                   335,372        337,243             319,850
    of which: Invested assets                                                                                                               87,727         91,468              86,053

1
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.


    Canada
                                                                                                                                                                          June 30
                                                                                                                                         June 30        Mar. 31            2024
                                                                                                                                          2025           2025            (Restated)
    Assets under administration
    Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $     200,025 $      193,387 $           181,398
    Assets under administration only1                                                                                                        2,786            2,972                2,886
    Total client assets                                                                                                              $     202,811 $      196,359 $           184,284
    Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                          110,468        110,067             101,210
    Total assets under administration                                                                                                $     313,279 $      306,426 $           285,494
    of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                   230,892        227,254             212,101
    of which: Invested assets                                                                                                               99,394          99,429             91,309

1
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.


    Europe
                                                                                                                                                                          June 30
                                                                                                                                         June 30        Mar. 31            2024
                                                                                                                                          2025           2025            (Restated)
    Assets under administration
    Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $     269,153 $      260,760 $           233,693
    Assets under administration only1                                                                                                        4,826          4,523               4,044
    Total client assets                                                                                                              $     273,979 $      265,283 $           237,737
    Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                           58,496         57,256              53,819
    Total assets under administration                                                                                                $     332,475 $      322,539 $           291,556
    of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                   236,731        227,634             208,588
    of which: Invested assets                                                                                                               45,922         45,334              42,588

1
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.


                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      38


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  39
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Non-GAAP Ratios
                                  A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not
                                  disclosed in the financial statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components.
                                  These financial measures do not have a standardized definition under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial
                                  measures disclosed by other issuers.
                                  The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings
                                  (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure
                                  to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                                  •   Base capital generation - This measure is expressed as a percentage of base earnings and provides a view of capital
                                      generated or consumed by the business above the Company's internal operating target level for capital. Base capital
                                      generation is calculated as base earnings plus the organic CSM and risk adjustment (RA) movements, if applicable, less the
                                      change in required capital related to new business and the run-off of in-force business at the Company's internal operating
                                      target level. These items exclude the impact of participating business and the conceptually similar items as those excluded
                                      from base earnings.
                                      •      Organic CSM movement refers to CSM (excluding participating products), plus impact of new insurance business,
                                             plus expected movements from asset returns and locked-in rates, plus CSM recognized for services provided, plus
                                             insurance experience gains and losses.
                                  •   Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
                                  •   Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares
                                      outstanding for the period.
                                  •   Base earnings per share (diluted) - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      shares outstanding on a diluted basis for the period.
                                  •   Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
                                      shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
                                  •   Effective income tax rate - base earnings - common shareholders - Calculated by adjusting the Company's reported
                                      income taxes and net earnings before income taxes attributable to common shareholders to remove the impact of items
                                      excluded from base earnings, to calculate the effective income tax rates for common shareholders.
                                  •   Efficiency ratio - Calculated on a trailing four quarter basis as pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses
                                      divided by the sum of pre-tax base earnings and pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses.
                                  •   Pre-tax base operating margin - Pre-tax operating earnings expressed as a percentage of fee and spread income.
                                  •   Price/base earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its base earnings per share on a trailing four
                                      quarter basis.




                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   39


                                          B  40                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Glossary
•   Asset-based fee income - Represents fee income earned that is directly tied to the level of client assets under advisement,
    management or administration; including segregated fund products.
•   Asset-based expenses and commissions - Represents the variable expenses (such as asset-based commissions &
    bonuses, managed account expenses, sub-advisor and fund manager costs) incurred when generating fee and other
    income
•   Assets under administration only (AUAO) - Client assets are classified as AUAO where the Company only provides
    administration services for which the Company earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the
    clients and the Company does not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets under administration
    include recordkeeping, safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other administrative
    services. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered
    when comparing volumes, size and trends. Assets included in AUAO are not included in AUMA.
•   Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies and
    assumptions used in the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment contract
    liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by management in the current reporting period which include, but are not limited to,
    changes in in-force product features (including prices), and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force business.
    Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base earnings.
•   Average client assets - Calculated as the average of the opening and ending balances of client assets during the reporting
    period using daily balances where available and monthly or quarterly balances when daily balances are unavailable.
•   Business transformation impacts - Business transformation impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as
    restructuring and integration costs.




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•   Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Lifeco's common shareholders' equity by the number
    of common shares outstanding at the end of the period.
•   Contractual service margin (CSM) - The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the
    Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group
    of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash
    flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In this case, the CSM is
    measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or expenses arising on initial
    recognition.
•   Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Lifeco's balance sheet: share
    capital - common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
•   Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common shareholders.
•   Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Lifeco's
    earnings and is a consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents net earnings
    attributable to common shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded from base earnings.
    For base insurance service result, the DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings, the impact of new
    business and experience gains and losses. For base net investment result, the DOE view provides detail on expected
    investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on surplus. Base other income and expenses are
    presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income, non-directly attributable and
    other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred dividends and other items.
•   Financial leverage ratio - Defined as debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated
    capitalization. The denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the denominator, other than
    CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered
    available capital under LICAT.
•   General Measurement Model (GMM) - The Company applies this measurement model to all insurance contracts not
    measured under the PAA or VFA measurement models.
•   Gross operating and administrative expenses - Gross operating and administrative expenses is a non-GAAP financial
    measure, which excludes certain insurance-related expenses, commissions and sub-advisory fees.
•   Group Benefits in-force premiums (insured) - Represents the value of in-force premiums at the end of the reporting
    period where Lifeco underwrites the insurance risks of a group benefits solution. The Company may express the period-
    over-period net change in group life and health book premiums excluding the impact of foreign currency translation,
    which represents the net impact of new sales, terminations and organic growth of in-force business for the period.

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   40


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  41
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •   Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & other fee-based products) - Represents administrative services only (ASO)
                                      and other fee-based income where clients self-insure the products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and
                                      other ancillary services.
                                  •   Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated Statements of
                                      Earnings, such as income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average
                                      rate for the period. These measures highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar
                                      equivalent IFRS results and have been calculated using the average rates, as shown below, in effect at the date of the
                                      comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it facilitates the comparability of results between
                                      periods.

                                                                                                                                Period ended
                                                                                                                 June 30, 2025                 June 30, 2024
                                                                 United States dollar                                    1.38                       1.37
                                                                 British pound                                           1.85                       1.73
                                                                 Euro                                                    1.57                       1.47
                                  •   Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market
                                      impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which
                                      includes:
                                      •      the impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the
                                             performance of the related hedge assets;
                                      •      the impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
                                      •      the market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and the




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                             insurance and investment contract liabilities they support; and
                                      •      other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support
                                             that cannot be attributed to expectations within the period.
                                  •   Net asset flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net asset flows are measured by the
                                      following:
                                      •      Canada net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and non-
                                             proprietary mutual funds.
                                      •      Europe net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual funds
                                             and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
                                      •      Empower net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets,
                                             proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
                                      •      PanAgora net asset flows include institutional sales and redemptions.
                                  •   Net earnings from continuing operations - Defined as net earnings - common shareholders less net earnings (loss) from
                                      discontinued operations and the net gain from disposal of discontinued operations. The discontinued operations
                                      represent the results of Putnam Investments. On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of
                                      Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton".
                                  •   Net fee and spread income - Fee and spread income less asset-based expenses and commissions.
                                  •   Non-par base operating and administrative expenses - Non-participating base operating and administrative expenses
                                      exclude business transformation costs and other expenses that are excluded from base earnings.
                                  •   Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal government
                                      agency that regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether
                                      they are in sound financial condition and meeting their requirements.
                                  •   Other fee income - Represents other fee income earned that is not directly tied to the level of client assets; and the total
                                      base insurance service result related to unit-linked, unitized with profits and variable annuity products offered by the
                                      Wealth line of business.
                                  •   Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with coverage
                                      periods of one year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows. Low
                                      variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates that no significant difference in measurement exists when compared to the
                                      general measurement model (GMM).

                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   41


                                          B  42                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


•   Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
•   Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four quarter
    basis.
•   Return on equity (ROE) - continuing operations - Net earnings from continuing operations for the trailing four quarters
    are divided by the average common shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an
    indicator of business unit profitability.
•   Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
    •   For risk-based Insurance & Annuities products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums
        expected in the first twelve months of the plan.
    •   Group Benefits (insured) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new
        benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies on business where the Company underwrites the
        insurance risks of a group benefits solution.
    •   Group Benefits (ASO & other fee-based products) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for
        new policies and new benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies where clients self-insure the
        products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and other ancillary services.
•   Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated
    capital required by each segment on a standalone basis.
    The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs
    are therefore based on the capital the business unit has been allocated. IFRS does not prescribe the calculation of ROE and
    therefore a comparable measure under IFRS is not available.




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•   Spread income - Represents spread income earned on general account investment products which represents the
    difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients; and other net investment income.
•   Variable Fee Approach (VFA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with direct participating
    features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment
    return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).

Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information relating to
the Company which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a)
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities
legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to the Company's senior management, including the President and Chief
Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal
control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.
There have been no changes during the six months ended June 30, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Transactions with Related Parties
Related party transactions have not changed materially from December 31, 2024.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   42


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  43
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Quarterly Financial Information
                                      Quarterly financial information
                                      (in $ millions, except per share amounts)

                                                                                                                       2025                                          2024                                     2023
                                                                                                                Q2              Q1             Q4              Q3             Q2             Q1          Q4          Q3
                                       Insurance revenue                                                    $    5,551 $         5,486 $        5,399 $        5,292 $         5,273 $        5,250 $     5,174 $     5,110
                                       Net investment income                                                     2,319           2,335          2,685          2,249           2,409          2,340       2,431       2,271
                                       Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                                        954          1,259         (2,981)         6,906            (864)       (1,385)      11,042      (5,457)
                                       Fee and other income                                                      1,948           1,911          1,952          1,806           1,794          1,672       1,558       1,450
                                                       1
                                      Total revenue                                                         $ 10,772 $ 10,991 $                 7,055 $ 16,253 $               8,612 $        7,877 $ 20,205 $        3,374
                                                                                             2
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations
                                         Total                                                              $       894 $          860 $        1,116 $           859 $        1,005 $        1,031 $      743 $        936
                                         Basic - per share                                                         0.96           0.92            1.20           0.92           1.08            1.10       0.80        1.01
                                         Diluted - per share                                                       0.96           0.92            1.19           0.92           1.08            1.10       0.79        1.00

                                      Net earnings - Common Shareholders
                                         Total                                                              $      894 $          860 $         1,116 $          859 $         1,005 $           960 $      740 $       905
                                         Basic - per share                                                         0.96           0.92           1.20            0.92           1.08            1.03       0.79        0.97
                                         Diluted - per share                                                       0.96           0.92           1.19            0.92           1.08            1.03       0.79        0.97

                                  1
                                       Total revenue and its components exclude revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Total revenue
                                  Total revenue for the second quarter of 2025 was $10.8 billion and comprises insurance revenue of $5.6 billion ($5.3 billion for
                                  the same quarter last year), net investment income of $2.3 billion ($2.4 billion for the same quarter last year), changes in fair
                                  value through profit or loss on investment assets of positive $1.0 billion (negative $0.9 billion for the same quarter last year) and
                                  fee and other income of $1.9 billion ($1.8 billion for the same quarter last year).
                                  Insurance revenue
                                  Insurance revenue for the second quarter of 2025 was $5.6 billion, an increase of $0.3 billion compared to the same quarter last
                                  year, primarily due to higher CSM recognized for services provided in the Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe segments as
                                  well as higher earnings from short-term insurance contracts in the Europe and Canada segments, partially offset by lower CSM
                                  recognized for services provided in the Canada segment.
                                  Total net investment income
                                  Total net investment income, which includes net investment income and changes in fair value on FVTPL assets, for the second
                                  quarter of 2025 increased by $1.7 billion compared to the same quarter last year. The changes in fair value in the second
                                  quarter of 2025 were an increase of $1.0 billion compared to a decrease of $0.9 billion in the second quarter of 2024, primarily
                                  due to an increase in equity market in Canada as well as a decrease in bond yields in the Europe and U.S. segments, partially
                                  offset by cross-currency swaps. Net investment income in the second quarter of 2025 of $2.3 billion, which excludes changes in
                                  fair value through profit or loss, decreased by $0.1 billion compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to the
                                  strengthening of the British pound and euro against the Canadian dollar, offset by an increase of bond income in the Canada,
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe segments.
                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the second quarter of 2025 was $1.9 billion, an increase of $0.2 billion compared to the same quarter
                                  last year, primarily due to higher equity market levels and growth in the Wealth business in the U.S. segment as well as asset
                                  growth in the Europe and Canada segments.
                                  Net earnings
                                  Lifeco's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $894 million for the second quarter of 2025
                                  compared to $1,005 million for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents $0.96 per common share ($0.96
                                  diluted) for the second quarter of 2025 compared to $1.08 per common share ($1.08 diluted) a year ago.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis          43


                                           B  44                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Translation of Foreign Currency
Through its operating subsidiaries, Lifeco conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the
Canadian dollar, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and
liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense
items are translated at an average rate for the period. The rates employed are:

Period ended                                                              June 30             Mar. 31             Dec. 31        Sept. 30       June 30           Mar. 31
                                                                             2025               2025                2024            2024          2024              2024
 United States dollar
 Balance sheet                                                                 1.36 $             1.44 $                1.44 $      1.35 $          1.37 $            1.35
 Income and expenses                                                           1.38 $             1.43 $                1.40 $      1.36 $          1.37 $            1.35

 British pound
 Balance sheet                                                                 1.87 $             1.86 $                1.80 $      1.81 $          1.73 $            1.71
 Income and expenses                                                           1.85 $             1.81 $                1.79 $      1.77 $          1.73 $            1.71

 Euro
 Balance sheet                                                                 1.60 $             1.56 $                1.49 $      1.51 $          1.47 $            1.46
 Income and expenses                                                           1.57 $             1.51 $                1.49 $      1.50 $          1.47 $            1.46

Additional Information
Additional information relating to Lifeco, including Lifeco's most recent consolidated financial statements, CEO/CFO
certification and Annual Information Form are available at www.sedarplus.com.




                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis     44


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        B  45
                                  Consolidated Statements of Earnings (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                             For the three months                                         For the six months
                                                                                                                   ended June 30                                               ended June 30
                                                                                                              2025                         2024                          2025                  2024
                                  Insurance service result
                                    Insurance revenue (note 8)                                      $                  5,551 $                      5,273      $                11,037 $              10,523
                                    Insurance service expenses                                                        (4,315)                      (4,057)                       (8,591)              (8,124)
                                    Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                              (379)                        (385)                            (809)             (771)
                                                                                                                         857                          831                         1,637                1,628
                                  Net investment result
                                    Net investment income (note 5)                                                     2,319                        2,409                         4,654                4,749
                                    Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or loss
                                      assets (note 5)                                                                    954                         (864)                        2,213               (2,249)
                                                                                                                       3,273                        1,545                         6,867                2,500
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                            (1,637)                        (209)                       (3,063)                (182)
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance
                                      contracts                                                                           (18)                       (114)                            (157)             (165)
                                    Changes in investment contract liabilities                                        (1,195)                        (573)                       (2,803)                (744)
                                                                                                                         423                          649                             844              1,409
                                  Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
                                    of segregated fund policyholders
                                    Net investment income                                                              1,661                          446                         1,411                2,919
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                            (1,661)                        (446)                       (1,411)              (2,919)
                                                                                                                           —                            —                               —                 —
                                  Other income and expenses




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Fee and other income                                                               1,948                        1,794                         3,859                3,466
                                    Operating and administrative expenses                                             (1,799)                      (1,729)                       (3,608)              (3,432)
                                    Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                       (112)                        (103)                            (223)             (203)
                                    Financing costs                                                                     (101)                        (101)                            (204)             (201)
                                    Restructuring and integration expenses (note 4)                                     (266)                          (27)                           (277)              (95)
                                  Earnings before income taxes                                                           950                        1,314                         2,028                2,572
                                  Income taxes (note 14)                                                                   30                         229                             187               398
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
                                     controlling interests                                                               920                        1,085                         1,841                2,174
                                  Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                 (7)                         47                             22                73
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before
                                    preferred share dividends                                                            927                        1,038                         1,819                2,101
                                  Preferred share dividends                                                                33                           33                             65                65
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                894                        1,005                         1,754                2,036
                                  Net loss from discontinued operations                                                    —                            —                               —               (115)
                                  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                        —                            —                               —                44
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                $                    894 $                      1,005      $                  1,754 $              1,965
                                  Earnings per common share (note 12)
                                    Basic                                                           $                   0.96 $                       1.08      $                      1.89 $            2.11
                                    Diluted                                                         $                   0.96 $                       1.08      $                      1.88 $            2.10
                                  Earnings per common share from continuing
                                    operations (note 12)
                                    Basic                                                           $                   0.96 $                       1.08      $                      1.89 $            2.18
                                    Diluted                                                         $                   0.96 $                       1.08      $                      1.88 $            2.18




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         45


                                       B  46                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                               For the three months                                  For the six months
                                                                                          ended June 30                                        ended June 30
                                                                                    2025                         2024                     2025                     2024
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred dividends                                                     $                     927 $                     1,038       $          1,819 $                    2,030
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
   Consolidated Statements of Earnings
  Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
    of foreign operations                                                                      (641)                          233                  (275)                     489
  Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to
    earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                                    —                             —                    —                       (211)
  Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment
    in foreign operations                                                                       (49)                             2                 (187)                      (62)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             (21)                             5                  (10)                       12
  Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and mortgages at fair
    value through other comprehensive income                                                     43                              8                  114                       (34)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                              (5)                            (3)                 (21)                        6
  Realized (gains) losses on bonds and mortgages at fair
    value through other comprehensive income (note 5)                                              6                           19                      7                      38
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                               —                             (4)                  —                         (9)
  Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                 (16)                           (33)                  55                       (33)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                4                             9                  (15)                        9
  Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                                     (3)                            9                  (61)                        4
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                               —                             (2)                  16                        (1)




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Non-controlling interests                                                                      30                            (26)                 (17)                      (11)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                               (8)                            7                     5                        4
  Total items that may be reclassified                                                         (660)                          224                  (389)                     201
Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated
   Statements of Earnings
  Unrealized gains (losses) on stocks at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                                  200                           (249)                 153                      (321)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                               —                            64                    —                        83
  Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other
    post-employment benefit plans                                                                77                            90                   102                      258
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             (22)                           (24)                 (29)                      (70)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                       (8)                           (8)                 (10)                      (21)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                2                             2                     3                        6
  Total items that will not be reclassified                                                     249                           (125)                 219                       (65)
Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                        (411)                           99                  (170)                     136
Comprehensive income                                                      $                     516 $                     1,137       $          1,649 $                    2,166




                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       46


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  47
                                  Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)


                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                            June 30            December 31
                                                                                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                  Assets
                                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                   $               10,232 $           10,709
                                  Bonds (note 5)                                                                                                                             168,155            167,114
                                  Mortgage loans (note 5)                                                                                                                     37,999             38,879
                                  Stocks (note 5)                                                                                                                             19,982             18,826
                                  Investment properties (note 5)                                                                                                               8,133              8,257
                                                                                                                                                                             244,501            243,785

                                  Insurance contract assets (note 9)                                                                                                           1,275              1,193
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets (note 9)                                                                                                   16,945             17,842
                                  Goodwill                                                                                                                                    11,232             11,428
                                  Intangible assets                                                                                                                            4,852              4,958
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                             2,226              2,431
                                  Owner occupied properties                                                                                                                      820                789
                                  Fixed assets                                                                                                                                   371                346
                                  Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                                             5,347              5,402
                                  Other assets                                                                                                                                15,412             15,265
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                           435                272
                                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                          2,111              2,066
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 10)                                                                          509,315            496,386
                                  Total assets                                                                                                                $              814,842 $          802,163

                                  Liabilities
                                  Insurance contract liabilities (note 9)                                                                                     $              158,070 $          155,683
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                             87,834             90,157
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 9)                                                                                                 756                795




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                        9,292              9,469
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                             1,959              2,137
                                  Accounts payable                                                                                                                             3,456              3,524
                                  Other liabilities                                                                                                                           10,183             10,230
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                           403                294
                                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                       878                834
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 9)                                                                    67,217             66,343
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                           442,098            430,043
                                  Total liabilities                                                                                                                          782,146            769,509

                                  Equity
                                  Non-controlling interests
                                     Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                                                               3,086              3,041
                                     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                      66                 72
                                  Shareholders' equity
                                     Share capital
                                           Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                                      1,500              1,500
                                           Preferred shares                                                                                                                    2,720              2,720
                                           Common shares (note 11)                                                                                                             6,055              6,071
                                     Accumulated surplus                                                                                                                      17,501             17,266
                                     Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                    1,606              1,776
                                     Contributed surplus                                                                                                                         162                208
                                  Total equity                                                                                                                                32,696             32,654
                                  Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                $              814,842 $          802,163




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      47


                                       B  48                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                            June 30, 2025
                                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                                 other                             Non-
                                                                     Share           Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                      controlling           Total
                                                                    capital            surplus     surplus      income                           interests           equity
Balance, beginning of year                                      $       10,291 $                208 $            17,266 $            1,776 $            3,113 $            32,654
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred dividends                                                         —                   —               1,819                   —                 22              1,841
Other comprehensive income                                                    —                   —                    —               (170)                19               (151)
                                                                        10,291                  208              19,085              1,606              3,154              34,344
Dividends to shareholders
  Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                            —                   —                   (65)                —                 —                  (65)
  Common shareholders                                                         —                   —               (1,134)                 —                 —              (1,134)
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                     39                 (18)                  —                  —                 16                 37
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                                 (55)               (40)               (385)                 —                 —                (480)
Equity settlement of subsidiary's share-based plans                           —                   —                    —                  —                  (8)                (8)
Share-based payment plans expense                                             —                   12                   —                  —                 —                  12
Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
  subsidiary                                                                  —                   —                    —                  —                (10)                (10)
Balance, end of period                                          $       10,275 $                162 $            17,501 $            1,606 $            3,152 $            32,696

                                                                                                                    June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                              Accumulated




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                 other              Non-
                                                                    Share            Contributed         Accumulated         comprehensive       controlling           Total
                                                                    capital            surplus             surplus              income            interests           equity
Balance, beginning of year                                      $       10,220 $                234 $            15,492 $               890 $           3,015 $            29,851
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred dividends                                                         —                   —               2,030                   —                 73              2,103
Other comprehensive income                                                    —                   —                    —                136                 22               158
                                                                        10,220                  234              17,522              1,026              3,110              32,112
Dividends to shareholders
  Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                            —                   —                   (65)                —                 —                  (65)
  Common shareholders                                                         —                   —               (1,035)                 —                 —              (1,035)
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                     31                   (2)                 —                  —                    3               32
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                                  (7)                —                   (41)                —                 —                  (48)
Impact of sale of discontinued operations                                     —                  (32)                  —                  —                (99)              (131)
Share-based payment plans expense                                             —                    5                   —                  —                 —                   5
Balance, end of period                                          $       10,244 $                205 $            16,381 $            1,026 $            3,014 $            30,870




                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         48


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  49
                                  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                                                                                                                  ended June 30
                                                                                                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                  Operations
                                    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                  $                  2,028 $             2,412
                                    Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                           (380)             (375)
                                    Adjustments:
                                       Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                      1,549                 (424)
                                       Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                     2,535               (4,360)
                                       Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                    (44)              72
                                       Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                        455               551
                                       Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                                (81)             (110)
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                 (2,213)              2,249
                                       Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                                                   25,661               21,226
                                       Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                                         (26,940)              (19,162)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                        (1,252)                (291)
                                                                                                                                                                                     1,318               1,788
                                  Financing Activities
                                    Issue of common shares                                                                                                                                39                31
                                    Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                                                (440)              (48)
                                    Decrease in line of credit of subsidiaries                                                                                                             —                (60)
                                    Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                                 (1,134)              (1,035)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                                    (65)              (65)
                                                                                                                                                                                    (1,600)              (1,177)
                                  Investment Activities
                                    Impact from sale of discontinued operations                                                                                                            —               (211)
                                    Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                           (14)             (108)
                                                                                                                                                                                          (14)             (319)

                                  Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       (181)             173
                                  Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       (477)             465
                                  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                     10,709                8,117
                                  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                        $                10,232 $              8,582


                                  Supplementary cash flow information
                                    Interest income received                                                                                                      $                  4,028 $             3,816
                                    Interest paid                                                                                                                                        182               154
                                    Dividend income received                                                                                                                             223               262




                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         49


                                       B  50                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

1.   Corporate Information
Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated
and domiciled in Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada,
R3C 1V3. Lifeco is a member of the Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a subsidiary
of Power Corporation.
Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe through its operating
subsidiaries including The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life) and Empower Annuity Insurance Company of
America (Empower).
The condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the
three and six months ended June 30, 2025 were approved by the Board of Directors on August 5, 2025.

2.   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's December 31, 2024 consolidated annual audited
financial statements and notes thereto.
The financial statements of the Company at June 30, 2025 have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of
International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IASB) using the same accounting policies and methods of computation followed in the consolidated annual audited
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 except as described below.




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 21, The Effects of
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates effective January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact
on the Company's financial statements.
Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
In preparation of these financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some
uncertainty is inherent in these judgments and estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key
sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments have been made are further described in the relevant
accounting policies in note 2 of the Company's December 31, 2024 consolidated annual audited financial statements and notes
thereto.

3.   Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

Sale of U.K. Onshore Bond Business
On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K. announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its onshore bond business to
Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties entered into a reinsurance
agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to Countrywide. For the year ended
December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 pre-tax, mainly driven by recognition of assets associated with
the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders, with
a carrying value of $2,796 as at June 30, 2025 ($2,750 as at December 31, 2024), are to be transferred to Countrywide pending
court approval, which is expected to occur towards the end of 2025.

4.   Restructuring Expenses
The Company recorded restructuring provisions of $266 and $276 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025,
respectively. The provisions recorded in the three months ended June 30, 2025 are related to planned technology and efficiency
initiatives intended to position the Company for future growth and expense savings, primarily driven by initiatives in Canada of
$226 ($186 in the shareholder account and $40 in the participating account) and Europe of $23. The Company expects to
complete these restructuring initiatives within three years. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company
recorded restructuring provisions of $12 and $52, respectively.
As at June 30, 2025, the Company has restructuring provisions of $335 remaining in other liabilities ($121 at December 31,
2024).

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   50


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  51
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  5.          Portfolio Investments

                                  (a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments are as Follows:
                                                                                                                              June 30, 2025                                        December 31, 2024
                                                                                                              Carrying value                 Fair value                 Carrying value                 Fair value
                                      Bonds
                                        Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) - designated            $              152,361 $                    152,361 $                    151,369 $                 151,369
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                     1,838                       1,838                        1,987                    1,987
                                        Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)                                13,956                     13,956                        13,758                   13,758
                                                                                                                         168,155                      168,155                      167,114                   167,114
                                      Mortgage loans
                                        FVTPL - designated                                                                   27,209                     27,209                        28,790                   28,790
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                     5,387                       5,387                        4,818                    4,818
                                        FVOCI                                                                                   331                         331                            461                      461
                                        Amortized cost                                                                        5,072                       4,561                        4,810                    4,193
                                                                                                                             37,999                     37,488                        38,879                   38,262
                                      Stocks
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                    17,906                     17,906                        16,896                   16,896
                                        FVOCI - designated 1                                                                  1,024                       1,024                            923                      923
                                        Equity method                                                                         1,052                       1,032                        1,007                    1,021
                                                                                                                             19,982                     19,962                        18,826                   18,840
                                      Investment properties




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                              8,133                       8,133                        8,257                    8,257
                                      Total                                                               $              234,269 $                    233,738 $                    233,076 $                 232,473

                                  1
                                       Represents Franklin Templeton common shares received on the sale of Putnam Investments.

                                  (b) Net Investment Income Comprises the Following:
                                                                                                                               Mortgage                             Investment
                                      For the three months ended June 30, 2025                                Bonds             loans               Stocks           properties             Other           Total
                                      Net investment income:
                                        Investment income earned                                         $         1,873 $               374 $              159 $               136 $            (113) $        2,429
                                        Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                            (6)                —                  —                   —                 —                 (6)
                                        Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                —                    1                 —                   —                 —                  1
                                        Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                         (1)                 2                 —                   —                 —                  1
                                        Other income and expenses                                                      —                   —                  —                 (54)                (52)            (106)
                                                                                                                   1,866                 377                159                  82              (165)          2,319
                                      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                        FVTPL - designated                                                           322                  39                  —                   —              (325)               36
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                1                84                896                   —                 —               981
                                        Recorded at fair value                                                         —                   —                  —                 (63)                —                (63)
                                                                                                                     323                 123                896                 (63)             (325)              954
                                      Total                                                              $         2,189 $               500 $            1,055 $                19 $            (490) $        3,273




                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                51


                                              B  52                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                             Mortgage                               Investment
For the three months ended June 30, 2024                                    Bonds             loans                Stocks            properties     Other            Total
Net investment income:
  Investment income earned                                              $        1,764 $               374 $                167 $           127 $           90 $         2,522
  Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                               (19)                —                   —               —              —                (19)
  Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                     —                   1                  —               —              —                  1
  Net ECL recovery                                                                    —                   2                  —               —              —                  2
  Other income and expenses                                                           —                  —                   —              (48)            (49)             (97)
                                                                                 1,745                 377                  167              79             41           2,409
Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
  FVTPL - designated                                                            (1,060)                187                   —               —           191               (682)
  FVTPL - mandatory                                                                   (5)               (75)                 (80)            —              —              (160)
  Recorded at fair value                                                              —                  —                   —              (22)            —                (22)
                                                                                (1,065)                112                   (80)           (22)         191               (864)
Total                                                                   $           680 $              489 $                 87 $            57 $        232 $           1,545

                                                                                            Mortgage                                Investment
For the six months ended June 30, 2025                                      Bonds            loans                Stocks             properties     Other            Total
Net investment income:
  Investment income earned                                              $        3,661 $               760 $                303 $           275 $       (138) $          4,861
  Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                                (7)                —                   —               —              —                 (7)
  Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                     —                   1                  —               —              —                  1
  Net ECL recovery                                                                    (1)                 5                  —               —              —                  4




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Other income and expenses                                                           —                  —                   —             (108)            (97)           (205)
                                                                                 3,653                 766                  303             167         (235)            4,654
Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
  FVTPL - designated                                                             1,018                 385                   —               —          (114)            1,289
  FVTPL - mandatory                                                                    9                 43                 960              —              —            1,012
  Recorded at fair value                                                              —                  —                   —              (88)            —                (88)
                                                                                 1,027                 428                  960             (88)        (114)            2,213
Total                                                                   $        4,680 $            1,194 $                1,263 $           79 $       (349) $          6,867

                                                                                             Mortgage                               Investment
For the six months ended June 30, 2024                                      Bonds             loans                Stocks            properties     Other            Total
Net investment income:
  Investment income earned                                              $        3,423 $               747 $                333 $           251 $        221 $           4,975
  Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                               (38)                —                   —               —              —                (38)
  Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                     —                   1                  —               —              —                  1
  Net ECL (charge) recovery                                                           —                   4                  —               —              —                  4
  Other income and expenses                                                           —                  —                   —              (94)            (99)           (193)
                                                                                 3,385                 752                  333             157          122             4,749
Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
  FVTPL - designated                                                            (2,634)                117                   —               —          (114)            (2,631)
  FVTPL - mandatory                                                                   (3)               (35)                508              —              —                470
  Recorded at fair value                                                              —                  —                   —              (88)            —                (88)
                                                                                (2,637)                  82                 508             (88)        (114)            (2,249)
Total                                                                   $           748 $              834 $                841 $            69 $             8 $        2,500

Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization. Investment
income from stocks includes dividends and distributions from private equity funds. Investment properties income includes
rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and sub-leased land, fee recoveries,
lease cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment
income includes foreign exchange gains and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments, and equity method
income from the investments in IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) and other related parties.




                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         52


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           B  53
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  6.     Risk Management
                                  The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks
                                  associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk,
                                  liquidity risk and market risk (currency, interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible
                                  for the oversight of the Company's key risks. The Company's approach to risk management has not substantially changed from
                                  that described in the Company's 2024 Annual Report. Certain risks have been outlined below. For a discussion of the
                                  Company's risk governance structure and risk management approach see the "Risk Management" note in the Company's
                                  December 31, 2024 consolidated annual audited financial statements.
                                  The Company has also established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.
                                  Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital
                                  plan. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all capital transactions undertaken by management.
                                  (a) Credit Risk
                                  Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual
                                  obligations.
                                  (i) Concentration of Credit Risk
                                  Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have
                                  similar credit risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are
                                  similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due.
                                  No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2024.
                                  (ii) Expected Credit Losses




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The majority of the Company's financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The
                                  ECL model only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance was $30 at June 30, 2025, of
                                  which $4 was Stage 1, $18 was Stage 2 and $8 was Stage 3 ($33 at December 31, 2024, of which $5 was Stage 1, $21 was Stage 2
                                  and $7 was Stage 3).
                                  (iii) Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVTPL
                                  The carrying value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to
                                  credit risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
                                  instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. Fair
                                  value losses of $69 and $125 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively ($40 for the three and six months
                                  ended June 30, 2024) are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings related to significant credit events occurring on
                                  financial instruments designated as FVTPL.
                                  (b) Liquidity Risk
                                  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The following
                                  policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
                                  •     The Company closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting
                                        earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
                                  •     Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                                        requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                                        market transactions. The Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.
                                  (c)    Market Risk
                                  Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
                                  investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk,
                                  interest rate (including related inflation) risk and equity risk.
                                  Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
                                  These financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity
                                  due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ
                                  significantly from these estimates for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or
                                  liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
                                  relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Company’s internal
                                  models.


                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   53


                                         B  54                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
shareholders' net earnings will be as indicated.
(i) Currency Risk
Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets
backing insurance and investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can
expose the Company to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
•   A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
    insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in
    an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
    would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
    by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian
dollars, euros, and U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in
foreign operations, net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates
impacts the Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by
rating agencies are also impacted.
(ii) Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in
the value of assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's
exposure to interest rate risk:




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•   Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
•   The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general
    fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
•   For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or
    investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
    match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
    income assets, while the rest are duration matched.
•   Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
    exposure to interest rate changes.
•   To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change
    in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
•   For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
    of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
•   The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
    asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of
financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value
of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings.
The Company's asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings. Further, the
classification of financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are carried at amortized cost and held in
the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   54


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  55
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest
                                  rates is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                                                June 30, 2025                                          December 31, 2024
                                                                                               Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis             Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                                points interest              points interest                points interest             points interest
                                                                                                     rates                       rates                          rates                        rates
                                  Shareholders' net earnings                                  $                    100 $                        (125) $                        125 $                (150)
                                  Shareholders' equity                                                               50                         (100)                          75                   (125)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.
                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                  positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, United States and the United Kingdom, and are positively
                                  impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
                                  change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
                                  parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
                                  the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of
                                  shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
                                  increase of $10 or a decrease of $10 post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  spreads is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium:
                                  Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                                                                June 30, 2025                                          December 31, 2024
                                                                                               Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis             Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                                 points credit                points credit                 points credit                points credit
                                                                                                    spreads                     spreads                        spreads                     spreads
                                  Shareholders' net earnings                                  $                    200 $                        (250) $                        250 $                (300)
                                  Shareholders' equity                                                             275                          (350)                          325                  (400)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.
                                  Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in
                                  credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount
                                  rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from
                                  such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.
                                  (iii) Equity Risk
                                  Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and
                                  other pricing risk. To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent
                                  investment in equity markets within clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime
                                  Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency
                                  forwards, and interest rate derivatives.
                                  Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks
                                  and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
                                  stocks, and equity release mortgages. Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets.
                                  However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
                                  The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
                                  assets. Under current market conditions, there are no material earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business
                                  that it does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are offset within the contractual service margin (CSM). For
                                  segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability
                                  versus the change in hedge assets.


                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            55


                                       B  56                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
value of publicly traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                                  June 30, 2025                                                               December 31, 2024
                          20%                10%                 10%                  20%                   20%               10%               10%                20%
                        increase           increase            decrease             decrease              increase          increase          decrease           decrease
Shareholders' net
  earnings          $              75 $                50 $                (50) $             (100) $               100 $              50 $            (50) $           (100)
Shareholders'
  equity                        550                  275                 (275)                (550)                 525             250               (250)             (525)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value
of other non-fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values

                                                  June 30, 2025                                                               December 31, 2024
                          10%                5%                  5%                   10%                   10%               5%                5%                10%
                        increase           increase            decrease             decrease              increase          increase          decrease           decrease
Shareholders' net
  earnings          $           425 $                200 $               (225) $              (450) $               425 $           225 $             (225) $           (450)
Shareholders'




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  equity                        450                  225                 (250)                (475)                 475             250               (250)             (500)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.

7.   Fair Value Measurement
The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-
traded equity securities, exchange-traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active
market with no redemption restrictions.
Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and
inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are
observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 2 assets and liabilities include those priced using a matrix which is based on
credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted stock, some private bonds and investment funds,
most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most over-the-counter derivatives, and
mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the Level 2 category. Notes issued by
consolidated Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs) are measured at FVTPL and included in Level 2.
Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and
include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3
securities were obtained from single broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities
utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds, certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in
mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions, certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment
properties and equity release mortgages.




                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       56


                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  57
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                                                June 30, 2025                                                     December 31, 2024
                                      Assets measured at fair value                          Level 1         Level 2         Level 3            Total           Level 1           Level 2        Level 3     Total
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                          $     10,232 $              — $              — $         10,232 $         10,709 $                — $         — $     10,709
                                      Financial assets at FVTPL
                                         Bonds                                                      —         153,934               265         154,199                  —         153,178            178    153,356
                                         Mortgage loans                                             —          27,209             5,387           32,596                 —          28,790          4,818      33,608
                                         Stocks                                                11,668              253            5,985           17,906           11,055                260        5,581      16,896
                                      Total financial assets at FVTPL                          11,668         181,396           11,637          204,701            11,055          182,228         10,577    203,860
                                      Financial assets at FVOCI
                                         Bonds                                                      —          13,956                 —           13,956                 —          13,758             —       13,758
                                         Mortgage loans                                             —              331                —               331                —               461           —         461
                                         Stocks                                                 1,024                —                —            1,024               923                 —           —         923
                                      Total financial assets at FVOCI                           1,024          14,287                 —           15,311               923          14,219             —       15,142
                                      Investment properties                                         —                —            8,133            8,133                 —                 —        8,257       8,257
                                      Derivatives 1                                                 —           2,226                 —            2,226                   1          2,430            —        2,431
                                      Other assets:
                                         Trading account assets                                   244           3,695                 —            3,939               252            3,449            —        3,701
                                         Other 2                                                    —              135                —               135                —               219           —         219
                                      Total assets measured at fair value                $     23,168 $ 201,739 $               19,770 $ 244,677 $                 22,940 $ 202,545 $              18,834 $ 244,319




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Liabilities measured at fair value
                                      Mortgage on investment property                    $          — $              50 $             — $               50 $             — $              54 $         — $           54
                                                    3
                                      Derivatives                                                      7        1,952                 —            1,959                 —            2,137            —        2,137
                                      Investment contract liabilities                               —          87,834                 —           87,834                 —          90,157             —       90,157
                                      Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                    —           4,128                 —            4,128                 —            3,791            —        3,791
                                                          2
                                      Other liabilities                                             —              135                —               135                —               219           —         219
                                      Total liabilities measured at fair value           $             7 $     94,099 $               — $         94,106 $               — $        96,358 $           — $     96,358

                                  1
                                        Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $715 at June 30, 2025 ($1,199 at December 31, 2024).
                                  2
                                        Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
                                  3
                                        Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $1,007 at June 30, 2025 ($1,337 at December 31, 2024).

                                  There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period ended June 30,
                                  2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          57


                                            B  58                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for
which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                For the six months ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                             FVTPL                                               Assets        Total
                                                                                              FVTPL         mortgage           FVTPL           Investment       held for      Level 3
                                                                                              bonds          loans            stocks 3          properties        sale        assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                                            $         178 $         4,818 $            5,581 $        8,257 $            — $       18,834
    Total gains (losses)
      Included in net earnings                                                                        (7)            181                 17            (88)            —             103
      Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                         2             123               (118)           (38)            —              (31)
    Purchases                                                                                         17              —                 638            293             —              948
    Issues                                                                                            —              387                 —              —              —              387
    Sales                                                                                             (3)             —                (133)          (291)            —             (427)
    Settlements                                                                                       —             (122)                —              —              —             (122)
    Transferred to owner occupied properties                                                          —               —                  —              —              —               —
    Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                         78              —                  —              —               —             78
    Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                       —               —                  —              —               —             —
    Balance, end of period                                                                $         265 $         5,387 $            5,985 $        8,133 $            — $       19,770
    Total gains (losses) for the period included in net investment
      result                                                                              $           (7) $          181 $               17 $          (88) $          — $           103
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the period included in
      net earnings for assets held at June 30, 2025                                       $           (7) $          177 $               17 $          (89) $          — $            98




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                             FVTPL                                               Assets         Total
                                                                                              FVTPL         mortgage               FVTPL       Investment       held for       Level 3
                                                                                              bonds          loans                stocks 3      properties        sale         assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                                            $         252 $         4,203 $            3,809 $        7,870 $          907 $       17,041
    Total gains (losses)
      Included in net earnings                                                                         7             200               556            (153)            —            610
      Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                        —              153               107             265             —            525
    Purchases                                                                                         29              —              1,407             618             —          2,054
    Sale of discontinued operations                                                                  —                —                  —              —            (907)           (907)
    Issues                                                                                           —               481                 —              —              —              481
    Sales                                                                                           (27)              —                (299)          (334)            —             (660)
    Settlements                                                                                      —              (219)                —              —              —             (219)
    Transferred to owner occupied properties                                                         —                —                  —              (9)            —               (9)
    Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                         —                —                   1             —              —                1
    Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                      (83)             —                  —              —               —            (83)
    Balance, end of year                                                                  $         178 $         4,818 $            5,581 $        8,257 $            — $       18,834
    Total gains (losses) for the year included in net investment result                   $            7 $           200 $             556 $          (153) $          — $           610
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year included in earnings
      for assets held at December 31, 2024                                                $            7 $           191 $             556 $          (165) $          — $           589

1
     Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2
     Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in
     mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
     market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
3
     Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            58


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  59
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets and liabilities
                                  categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                                                                 Inter-relationship between
                                                                                                     Significant                                                                 key unobservable inputs
                                  Type of asset            Valuation approach                        unobservable input               Input value                                and fair value measurement
                                  Investment               Investment property valuations are Discount rate                           Range of 4.5% - 14.4%                      A decrease in the discount rate
                                  properties               generally determined using                                                                                            would result in an increase in
                                                           property valuation models based on                                                                                    fair value. An increase in the
                                                           expected capitalization rates and                                                                                     discount rate would result in a
                                                           models that discount expected                                                                                         decrease in fair value.
                                                           future net cash flows. The
                                                           determination of the fair value of     Reversionary rate                   Range of 4.4% - 8.0%                       A decrease in the reversionary
                                                           investment property requires the                                                                                      rate would result in an
                                                           use of estimates such as future cash                                                                                  increase in fair value. An
                                                           flows (such as future leasing                                                                                         increase in the reversionary
                                                           assumptions, rental rates, capital                                                                                    rate would result in a decrease
                                                           and operating expenditures) and                                                                                       in fair value.
                                                           discount, reversionary and overall     Vacancy rate                        Weighted average of 6.5%                   A decrease in the expected
                                                           capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                                vacancy rate would generally
                                                           asset based on current market                                                                                         result in an increase in fair
                                                           rates.                                                                                                                value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                                                                 expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                 generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                                                                 in fair value.
                                  Mortgage loans -         The valuation approach for equity    Discount rate                         Range of 4.8% - 6.5%                       A decrease in the discount rate
                                  equity release           release mortgages is to use an                                                                                        would result in an increase in
                                  mortgages (FVTPL)        internal valuation model to                                                                                           fair value. An increase in the
                                                           determine the projected asset cash                                                                                    discount rate would result in a
                                                           flows, including the cost of the no                                                                                   decrease in fair value.
                                                           negative equity guarantee for each
                                                           individual loan, to aggregate these
                                                           across all loans and to discount




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                           those cash flows back to the
                                                           valuation date. The projection is
                                                           done monthly until expected
                                                           redemption of the loan either
                                                           voluntarily or on the death/entering
                                                           into long term care of the
                                                           loanholders.

                                  Stocks categorized as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy relate to limited partnership investments. The significant unobservable
                                  input used in the valuation of these investments is the Company's invested portion of the net asset value provided by
                                  management of the limited partnerships.

                                  8.      Insurance Revenue

                                                                                                                   For the three months                                         For the six months
                                                                                                                      ended June 30                                               ended June 30
                                                                                                                 2025                         2024                          2025                   2024
                                  Contracts not measured under the premium allocation
                                    approach (PAA)
                                  Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining
                                    coverage
                                       Experience adjustments                                          $                     (18) $                       (22) $                         (45) $              (31)
                                       CSM recognized for services provided                                                 340                          312                             671                622
                                       Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk
                                         expired                                                                            149                          154                             302                306
                                       Expected incurred claims and other insurance service
                                         expenses                                                                         2,481                        2,367                         4,921                 4,699
                                       Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                         161                          145                             328                288
                                                                                                                          3,113                        2,956                         6,177                 5,884
                                  Contracts measured under the PAA                                                        2,438                        2,317                         4,860                 4,639
                                  Total insurance revenue                                              $                  5,551 $                      5,273      $                11,037 $               10,523




                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          59


                                          B  60                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



9.     Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held

(a) Insurance Contract (Assets) / Liabilities
                                                                                                          June 30, 2025
                                                                 Not measured under the PAA
                                                Estimates of               Risk adjustment
                                              present value of             for non-financial
                                             future cash flows                   risk                           CSM                     PAA                      Total

Assets                                      $                  (7,087) $                    1,614 $                         4,319 $              (121) $                  (1,275)
Liabilities                                                 128,639                         5,047                      10,549                 13,835                  158,070
Liabilities on account of segregated
   fund policyholders                                         67,217                             —                            —                    —                      67,217
                                            $               188,769 $                       6,661 $                    14,868 $               13,714 $                224,012

                                                                                                      December 31, 2024
                                                                   Not measured under the PAA
                                                   Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                 present value of           for non-financial
                                                future cash flows                 risk                          CSM                     PAA                      Total
Assets                                      $                  (4,397) $                       584 $                        2,672 $               (52) $                  (1,193)
Liabilities                                                 124,143                         6,155                      11,768                 13,617                  155,683
Liabilities on account of segregated
   fund policyholders                                         66,343                             —                            —                    —                      66,343
                                            $               186,089 $                       6,739 $                    14,440 $               13,565 $                220,833




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
(b) Reinsurance Contract Held Assets / (Liabilities)
                                                                                                          June 30, 2025
                                                                 Not measured under the PAA
                                                Estimates of               Risk adjustment
                                              present value of             for non-financial
                                             future cash flows                   risk                           CSM                     PAA                      Total

Assets                                      $                 15,701 $                         749 $                         355 $                140 $                   16,945
Liabilities                                                    (2,458)                      1,006                            711                  (15)                      (756)
                                            $                 13,243 $                      1,755 $                         1,066 $               125 $                   16,189

                                                                                                      December 31, 2024
                                                                   Not measured under the PAA
                                                   Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                 present value of           for non-financial
                                                future cash flows                 risk                          CSM                     PAA                      Total
Assets                                      $                 16,644 $                         731 $                         344 $                123 $                   17,842
Liabilities                                                    (2,488)                      1,021                            728                  (56)                      (795)
                                            $                 14,156 $                      1,752 $                         1,072 $                67 $                   17,047




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        60


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  61
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (c)       Discount Rates
                                  The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability
                                  cash flows by major currency:

                                                      June 30, 2025                           Year 1                 Year 5                Year 10                Year 20                Year 30             Year 50
                                                                Lower                                3.8 %                  4.0 %                   4.5 %                    4.7 %                4.8 %              4.8 %
                                      CAD
                                                                Upper                                4.2 %                  4.5 %                   5.0 %                    5.2 %                5.2 %              5.2 %
                                                                Lower                                4.7 %                  4.6 %                   5.1 %                    5.9 %                5.6 %              5.1 %
                                      USD
                                                                Upper                                5.2 %                  5.2 %                   5.7 %                    6.5 %                6.2 %              5.4 %
                                                                Lower                                2.2 %                  2.6 %                   3.1 %                    3.5 %                3.7 %              4.5 %
                                      EUR
                                                                Upper                                3.2 %                  3.5 %                   4.0 %                    4.4 %                4.5 %              4.6 %
                                                                Lower                                4.4 %                  4.5 %                   5.1 %                    5.9 %                6.1 %              4.4 %
                                      GBP
                                                                Upper                                5.1 %                  5.2 %                   5.9 %                    6.7 %                6.8 %              5.1 %

                                                   December 31, 2024                           Year 1                Year 5                Year 10                 Year 20                Year 30             Year 50
                                                                Lower                                4.2 %                  4.2 %                   4.5 %                    4.6 %                4.6 %              4.9 %
                                      CAD
                                                                Upper                                4.6 %                  4.6 %                   4.9 %                    5.0 %                5.0 %              5.0 %
                                                                Lower                                4.9 %                  5.2 %                   5.4 %                    5.8 %                5.6 %              5.1 %
                                      USD
                                                                Upper                                5.4 %                  5.7 %                   5.8 %                    6.2 %                5.9 %              5.3 %
                                                                Lower                                2.5 %                  2.5 %                   2.8 %                    3.0 %                3.2 %              4.3 %
                                      EUR
                                                                Upper                                3.6 %                  3.6 %                   3.8 %                    4.0 %                4.1 %              4.5 %
                                                                Lower                                4.9 %                  4.8 %                   5.1 %                    5.7 %                5.7 %              4.3 %
                                      GBP




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                Upper                                5.7 %                  5.5 %                   5.9 %                    6.5 %                6.5 %              5.1 %

                                  The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
                                  interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
                                  rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.

                                  10. Segregated Funds
                                  The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                  requirements of each region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:
                                  (a) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                                 June 30                  December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                   2025                      2024
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          $                21,201 $                  18,895
                                      Bonds                                                                                                                                               74,123                    74,444
                                      Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                        2,041                    2,083
                                      Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                   163,297                  154,439
                                      Mutual funds                                                                                                                                      233,732                  232,073
                                      Investment properties                                                                                                                               11,314                    11,317
                                                                                                                                                                                        505,708                  493,251
                                      Accrued income                                                                                                                                            926                     882
                                      Other liabilities                                                                                                                                    (3,848)                  (3,829)
                                      Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                                 6,529                    6,082
                                      Total 1, 2                                                                                                                         $              509,315 $                496,386

                                  1
                                        At June 30, 2025, $59,395 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($65,315 at
                                        December 31, 2024). Included in this amount are $684 of cash and cash equivalents, $9,935 of bonds, $17 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $48,724 of mutual funds, $83 of
                                        accrued income and $(48) of other liabilities.
                                  2
                                        At June 30, 2025, $2,796 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets are expected to be transferred to
                                        Countrywide towards the end of 2025 ($2,750 as at December 31, 2024) (note 3). Included in this amount are $98 of cash and cash equivalents, $2,724 of stocks and units
                                        in unit trusts and $(26) of other liabilities.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              61


                                            B  62                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(b) Changes in Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                    For the six months
                                                                                                                                                      ended June 30
                                                                                                                                                 2025                     2024
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                          $            496,386 $                 422,956
      Additions (deductions):
            Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                       29,158                     21,319
            Net investment income                                                                                                                        2,221                      2,348
            Net realized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                           9,467                      5,533
            Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                         4,835                     20,789
            Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                          (1,680)                     7,276
            Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                  (31,539)                     (22,855)
            Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                            13                         (21)
            Net transfer from (to) general fund                                                                                                               7                        13
            Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                          447                      2,873
    Total                                                                                                                                               12,929                     37,275
    Balance, end of period                                                                                                              $            509,315 $                 460,231

(c)         Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level
                                                                                                                                 June 30, 2025
                                                                                           Level 1                     Level 2                 Level 3                    Total




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Investments on account of segregated fund
      policyholders 1                                                             $                371,296 $                   127,052 $                14,132 $                   512,480

1
     Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,165.

                                                                                                                            December 31, 2024
                                                                                           Level 1                      Level 2            Level 3                        Total

    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders 1                                                            $                348,889 $                   136,947 $                13,354 $                   499,190

1
     Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,804.

For the six months ended June 30, 2025, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $2,002 have been transferred from Level 2 to
Level 1 ($1,624 were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2024) primarily based on the Company's change in use
of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include those assets
where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in
active markets and where the Company does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                              June 30                December 31
                                                                                                                                                 2025                     2024
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                          $               13,354 $                   13,792
    Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                     117                        (758)
    Purchases                                                                                                                                              882                      1,130
    Sales                                                                                                                                                 (247)                       (872)
    Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                                  32                         97
    Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                                 (6)                       (35)
    Balance, end of period                                                                                                              $               14,132 $                   13,354

Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level
3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market
prices with multiple pricing vendors.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         62


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  63
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  11. Share Capital

                                  Common Shares
                                                                                                                                   For the six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                           2025                                                     2024
                                                                                                          Number                   Carrying value                    Number                Carrying value
                                  Common shares
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                932,107,643 $                          6,071              932,427,987 $                   6,000
                                  Exercised and issued under stock option plan                                  1,035,148                              39                   868,866                         31
                                  Purchased and cancelled under normal course issuer bid                       (8,384,563)                           (432)               (1,157,085)                    (48)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
                                    normal course issuer bid                                                              —                          377                            —                       41
                                  Balance, end of period                                                    924,758,228 $                          6,055              932,139,768 $                   6,024

                                  During the six months ended June 30, 2025, 1,035,148 common shares were exercised under the Company's stock plan with a
                                  carrying value of $39, including $18 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise (868,866 with a carrying value of $31,
                                  including $2 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise for the six months ended June 30, 2024).
                                  On January 2, 2025, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) commencing January 6, 2025
                                  and terminating January 5, 2026 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at
                                  market prices.
                                  During the first quarter of 2025 , the Company entered into an Automatic Share Purchase Plan (ASPP) with a broker to facilitate
                                  repurchases of common shares under the NCIB, including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be permitted to




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. As at June 30, 2025, an obligation for the
                                  repurchase of shares of $40 was recognized in other liabilities under the ASPP, with a corresponding reduction in contributed
                                  surplus.
                                  During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 8,384,563 common shares
                                  under the current NCIB at a cost of $432 (1,157,085 common shares at a cost of $48 for the six months ended June 30, 2024,
                                  under the previous NCIB). The Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased
                                  for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value was $385 and was recognized as a reduction to accumulated
                                  surplus for the six months ended June 30, 2025 ($41 for the six months ended June 30, 2024, under the previous NCIB).




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             63


                                       B  64                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



12. Earnings Per Common Share
The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                     For the three months                                  For the six months
                                                                                        ended June 30                                        ended June 30
                                                                                  2025                         2024                     2025                     2024
Earnings
Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred
  share dividends                                                       $                     927 $                     1,038       $          1,819 $                    2,101
Preferred share dividends                                                                     (33)                           (33)                 (65)                      (65)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                       894                       1,005                  1,754                      2,036
Net loss from discontinued operations                                                           —                            —                     —                       (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                               —                            — $—                  —                        44
Net earnings - common shareholders                                      $                     894 $                     1,005       $          1,754 $                    1,965


Number of common shares
Average number of common shares outstanding                                       928,546,140                 932,504,449               930,125,524              932,615,570
Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                 4,344,589                    2,281,108               4,284,985                 2,624,643
Average number of common shares outstanding -
  diluted basis                                                                   932,890,729                 934,785,557               934,410,509              935,240,213


Basic earnings per common share                                         $                    0.96 $                         1.08    $            1.89 $                    2.11




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Diluted earnings per common share                                       $                    0.96 $                         1.08    $            1.88 $                    2.10


Basic earnings per common share from continuing
  operations                                                            $                    0.96 $                         1.08    $            1.89 $                    2.18


Diluted earnings per common share from continuing
  operations                                                            $                    0.96 $                         1.08    $            1.88 $                    2.18


Dividends per common share                                              $                  0.610 $                      0.555       $          1.220 $                    1.110

13. Capital Management

(a) Policies and Objectives
Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for
the Company and ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders.
For these purposes, the Board considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of
subordinated liabilities in addition to the relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its
subsidiaries operate.
The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The
primary objectives of the Company’s capital management strategy are:
•   To maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
    regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
•   To maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
•   To provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders' value in the context of the Company’s operational risks
    and strategic plans.
The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the
probability of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views
expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to
hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of
confidence.



                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       64


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  65
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks. Management
                                  is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan.
                                  The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved by the
                                  Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all material capital
                                  transactions undertaken by management.
                                  (b) Regulatory Capital
                                  In Canada, The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) has established a regulatory capital adequacy
                                  measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.
                                  The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required
                                  capital, defined by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the
                                  sum of Available Capital, Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits.
                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratio for Canada Life:

                                                                                                                                                                                 June 30                   December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                   2025                       2024
                                      Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                     $             21,301          $         20,142
                                      Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                     7,518                    5,253
                                      Total Available Capital                                                                                                                          28,819                    25,395
                                      Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits                                                                                                            5,354                    5,130
                                      Total Capital Resources                                                                                                            $             34,173          $         30,525
                                      Required Capital                                                                                                                   $             25,855          $         23,516




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                        1
                                      Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)                                                                                                   132 %                     130 %

                                  1
                                       Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

                                  Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply with local capital or solvency
                                  requirements in their respective jurisdictions.

                                  14. Income Taxes

                                  (a) Income Tax Expense
                                  Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings:

                                                                                                                          For the three months                                         For the six months
                                                                                                                             ended June 30                                               ended June 30
                                                                                                                        2025                         2024                          2025                       2024
                                      Current income tax
                                       Current income tax                                                     $                      55 $                       163      $                      209 $                 356
                                       Global Minimum Tax (GMT) 1                                                                    37                           62                            68                       66
                                      Total current income tax                                                                       92                         225                             277                   422
                                      Total deferred income tax                                                                     (62)                            4                           (90)                     (24)
                                      Total income tax expense                                                $                      30 $                       229      $                      187 $                 398

                                  1
                                       The second quarter of 2024 includes $34 for the retroactive application of the GMT related to the first quarter of 2024.

                                  (b) Effective Income Tax Rate
                                  The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Company's statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related
                                  to non-taxable investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  The effective income tax rate for the three months ended June 30, 2025 of 3.2% was lower than 17.4% for the three months
                                  ended June 30, 2024 primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters as well as the
                                  jurisdictional mix of earnings.
                                  The effective income tax rate for the six months ended June 30, 2025 of 9.2% was lower than 15.5% for the six months ended
                                  June 30, 2024 primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter effective income tax rate results.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements               65


                                           B  66                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the three months ended June 30, 2025 was 5.9% compared to
19.4% for the three months ended June 30, 2024.
The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was 11.2% compared to 17.3%
for the six months ended June 30, 2024.
The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes from recognizing and disclosing
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.

15. Segmented Information

(a) Consolidated Net Earnings
    For the three months ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                           Capital and
                                                                                   United                                                     Risk
                                                                                   States            Canada              Europe             Solutions     Corporate        Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                      $             — $           2,385 $                1,815 $        1,298 $          53 $           5,551
      Net investment income 2                                                              921                719                  496             77           106              2,319
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                              514                103                  353             (41)           25              954
                                                                                        1,435              3,207                  2,664          1,334          184              8,824
      Fee and other income 3                                                            1,124                 491                  233               4            96             1,948
                                                                                        2,559              3,698                  2,897          1,338          280             10,772
    Other insurance results




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Insurance service expenses                                                             —             (1,647)            (1,573)           (1,048)          (47)           (4,315)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                       —               (346)                  (12)           (13)           (8)             (379)
                                                                                             —             (1,993)            (1,585)           (1,061)          (55)           (4,694)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                 —               (657)                 (885)           (24)          (71)           (1,637)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                               —                 (16)                 13              (2)          (13)              (18)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                       (1,173)                 (13)                  —              (7)           (2)           (1,195)
                                                                                       (1,173)               (686)                 (872)           (33)          (86)           (2,850)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
      of segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                           —             1,342                   319              —             —              1,661
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                 —             (1,342)                 (319)            —             —             (1,661)
                                                                                             —                  —                    —              —             —                 —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                               (937)              (490)                 (285)           (12)          (75)           (1,799)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                         (59)               (32)                 (18)            (1)           (2)             (112)
      Financing costs                                                                        (1)                —                    —              (1)          (99)             (101)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                 (8)             (226)                  (23)            (9)           —               (266)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                    381                271                  114            221            (37)             950
    Income taxes                                                                            76                  22                  (12)           27            (83)              30
    Net earnings before non-controlling interests                                          305                249                  126            194             46              920
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                —                  (6)                  —              —             (1)               (7)
    Net earnings before preferred share dividends                                          305                255                  126            194             47              927
    Preferred share dividends                                                                —                  —                    —              —             33               33
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                         $           305 $              255 $                126 $          194 $           14 $            894

1
     Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2
     Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3
     Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        66


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  67
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                      For the three months ended June 30, 2024 1
                                                                                                                                                                         Capital and
                                                                                                                 United                                                     Risk
                                                                                                                 States             Canada              Europe            Solutions            Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 2                                                  $             — $            2,377 $             1,618 $            1,219 $              59 $        5,273
                                        Net investment income 3                                                          914                 900                404                 107               84          2,409
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 3                                           (76)                35               (630)               (180)              (13)         (864)
                                                                                                                         838              3,312               1,392              1,146               130          6,818
                                        Fee and other income 4                                                         1,070                 474                217                    4              29          1,794
                                                                                                                       1,908              3,786               1,609              1,150               159          8,612
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                         —             (1,598)             (1,387)            (1,024)               (48)       (4,057)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                   —                (358)                (17)                 (2)              (8)         (385)
                                                                                                                           —             (1,956)             (1,404)            (1,026)               (56)       (4,442)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             —                (751)               441                 106                (5)         (209)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                           —                    4                (98)                  1              (21)         (114)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                      (534)                 (41)                —                    2               —           (573)
                                                                                                                        (534)               (788)               343                 109               (26)         (896)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                                       —                 427                  19                  —                —               446




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             —                (427)                (19)                 —                —           (446)
                                                                                                                           —                   —                  —                   —                —                —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                           (904)               (505)              (243)                  (8)             (69)       (1,729)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                     (55)                (31)               (14)                 (1)              (2)         (103)
                                        Financing costs                                                                     (2)                —                  —                   (1)             (98)         (101)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                            (27)                 —                  —                   —                —               (27)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                386                 506                291                 223               (92)        1,314
                                      Income taxes                                                                       105                  86                  60                 59               (81)             229
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
                                       controlling interests                                                             281                 420                231                 164               (11)        1,085
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                            —                  47                  —                   —                —               47
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                        281                 373                231                 164               (11)        1,038
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                            —                   —                  —                   —               33               33
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                              $           281 $               373 $              231 $               164 $             (44) $      1,005

                                  1
                                       The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity, net earnings
                                       or cash flows of the Company.
                                  2
                                       Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3
                                       Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  4
                                       Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              67


                                           B  68                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



    For the six months ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                           Capital and
                                                                                   United                                                     Risk
                                                                                   States            Canada              Europe             Solutions     Corporate        Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                      $             — $           4,806 $                3,541 $        2,578 $        112 $           11,037
      Net investment income 2                                                           1,829              1,585                   900            151           189              4,654
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                           1,447                 841                   (20)          (160)         105              2,213
                                                                                        3,276              7,232                  4,421          2,569          406             17,904
      Fee and other income 3                                                            2,277                 987                  466               8          121              3,859
                                                                                        5,553              8,219                  4,887          2,577          527             21,763
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                             —             (3,339)            (3,054)           (2,099)          (99)           (8,591)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                       —               (717)                  (53)           (23)          (16)             (809)
                                                                                             —             (4,056)            (3,107)           (2,122)         (115)           (9,400)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                 —             (2,148)                 (730)           34           (219)           (3,063)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                               —                  (2)                (146)             2           (11)             (157)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                       (2,727)                 (49)                  —             (24)           (3)           (2,803)
                                                                                       (2,727)             (2,199)                 (876)           12           (233)           (6,023)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
      of segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                           —             1,356                    55              —             —              1,411




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                 —             (1,356)                  (55)            —             —             (1,411)
                                                                                             —                  —                    —              —             —                 —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                            (1,894)             (1,000)                 (533)           (24)         (157)           (3,608)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                       (120)                (64)                 (33)            (1)           (5)             (223)
      Financing costs                                                                        (3)                —                    —              (2)         (199)             (204)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                 (9)             (226)                  (33)            (9)           —               (277)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                    800                674                  305            431           (182)            2,028
    Income taxes                                                                           157                  98                  12             53           (133)             187
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
       non-controlling interests                                                           643                576                  293            378            (49)            1,841
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                —                  20                   —              —              2               22
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                            643                556                  293            378            (51)            1,819
    Preferred share dividends                                                                —                  —                    —              —             65               65
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $           643 $              556 $                293 $          378 $         (116) $          1,754

1
     Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2
     Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3
     Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        68


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  69
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                      For the six months ended June 30, 2024 1
                                                                                                                                                                         Capital and
                                                                                                                 United                                                     Risk
                                                                                                                 States             Canada              Europe            Solutions            Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 2                                                  $             — $            4,783 $             3,203 $            2,419 $             118 $      10,523
                                        Net investment income 3                                                        1,857              1,775                 749                 207              161          4,749
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 3                                         (517)               (496)              (923)               (273)              (40)       (2,249)
                                                                                                                       1,340              6,062               3,029              2,353               239        13,023
                                        Fee and other income 4                                                         2,044                 934                425                    7              56          3,466
                                                                                                                       3,384              6,996               3,454              2,360               295        16,489
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                         —             (3,273)             (2,748)            (2,006)               (97)       (8,124)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                   —                (697)                (48)               (10)              (16)         (771)
                                                                                                                           —             (3,970)             (2,796)            (2,016)              (113)       (8,895)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             —                (875)               524                 174                (5)         (182)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                           —                  (11)             (133)                  —               (21)         (165)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                      (691)                 (61)                  1                  8               (1)         (744)
                                                                                                                        (691)               (947)               392                 182               (27)       (1,091)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                                       —              2,299                 620                   —                —          2,919




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             —             (2,299)               (620)                  —                —         (2,919)
                                                                                                                           —                   —                  —                   —                —                —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                         (1,835)               (971)              (473)                (14)             (139)       (3,432)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                   (109)                 (59)               (29)                 (1)              (5)         (203)
                                        Financing costs                                                                     (4)                —                  —                   (2)            (195)         (201)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                            (72)                (23)                —                   —                —               (95)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                673              1,026                 548                 509              (184)        2,572
                                      Income taxes                                                                       150                 189                101                  75              (117)             398
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
                                       controlling interests                                                             523                 837                447                 434               (67)        2,174
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                            —                  73                  —                   —                —               73
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                        523                 764                447                 434               (67)        2,101
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                            —                   —                  —                   —               65               65
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                     523                 764                447                 434              (132)        2,036
                                      Net loss from discontinued operations                                             (115)                  —                  —                   —                —           (115)
                                      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                    44                  —                  —                   —                —               44
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                              $           452 $               764 $              447 $               434 $            (132) $      1,965

                                  1
                                       The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity, net earnings
                                       or cash flows of the Company.
                                  2
                                       Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3
                                       Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  4
                                       Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

                                  During the first quarter of 2025, the Company realigned certain activities to Corporate from other operating segments of the
                                  Company. The adjustments had no impact on the total net earnings or cash flows of the Company. The comparative figures are
                                  reclassified to be consistent.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              69


                                           B  70                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



The Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                          For the three months                                      For the six months
                                                                                             ended June 30                                            ended June 30
                                                                                       2025                         2024                         2025                 2024
Revenue
United States                                                                $                     300 $                         268     $               736 $                   602
United Kingdom                                                                                     613                           476                    1,117                    907
Japan                                                                                              (30)                          (85)                     (82)                    (79)
Other                                                                                              455                           491                     806                     930
Total revenue                                                                $                  1,338 $                      1,150       $              2,577 $                 2,360

Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds.
(b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                        June 30, 2025
                                                                           United                                                               Capital and Risk
                                                                           States                  Canada                    Europe                Solutions            Total
Assets
Invested assets                                                     $             87,727 $                 99,394 $                45,922 $              11,458 $          244,501
Insurance contract assets                                                             300                      425                       395                155                 1,275
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                  11,803                    1,209                       3,826               107                16,945
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                     6,253                    6,665                       3,166                   —              16,084
Other assets                                                                      16,001                    6,445                       4,149               127                26,722




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Investments on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                 213,288                  116,754                 179,273                       —          509,315
Total                                                               $            335,372 $                230,892 $               236,731 $              11,847 $          814,842


Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                      $             17,579 $                 89,156 $                44,113 $               7,222 $          158,070
Investment contract liabilities                                                   83,172                    3,670                        383                609                87,834
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                 140                      257                       315                    44               756
Other liabilities                                                                 11,834                    9,648                       3,419             1,270                26,171
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                  13,820                   36,249                  17,148                       —              67,217
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                 199,468                   80,505                 162,125                       —          442,098
Total                                                               $            326,013 $                219,485 $               227,503 $               9,145 $          782,146




                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        70


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         B  71
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                                     December 31, 2024
                                                                                                            United                                                              Capital and Risk
                                                                                                            States                  Canada                   Europe                Solutions                          Total
                                      Assets
                                      Invested assets                                               $             89,768 $                98,262 $                  44,321 $                   11,434 $                 243,785
                                      Insurance contract assets                                                      335                       434                      353                           71                      1,193
                                      Reinsurance contract held assets                                            12,756                    1,216                    3,746                           124                  17,842
                                      Goodwill and intangible assets                                               6,667                    6,645                    3,074                            —                   16,386
                                      Other assets                                                                16,741                    5,769                    3,982                            79                  26,571
                                      Investments on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                           215,986                 114,547                  165,853                             —                 496,386
                                      Total                                                         $            342,253 $               226,873 $                221,329 $                    11,708 $                 802,163


                                      Liabilities
                                      Insurance contract liabilities                                $             18,881 $                87,250 $                  42,066 $                    7,486 $                 155,683
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                             85,470                    3,698                       330                          659                  90,157
                                      Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                           159                      283                      313                           40                       795
                                      Other liabilities                                                           12,523                    9,572                    3,456                           937                  26,488
                                      Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                            14,409                  35,893                    16,041                            —                   66,343
                                      Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                           201,577                  78,654                  149,812                             —                 430,043
                                      Total                                                         $            333,019 $               215,350 $                212,018 $                     9,122 $                 769,509




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                                                June 30                     December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                  2025                            2024
                                      Assets
                                      United States                                                                                                                     $                  4,871 $                            4,792
                                      United Kingdom                                                                                                                                       3,608                              3,694
                                      Japan                                                                                                                                                2,913                              2,926
                                      Other                                                                                                                                                     455                            296
                                      Total assets                                                                                                                      $                11,847 $                         11,708

                                  (c)         CSM
                                                                                                                                   For the six months ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                    Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                                Capital
                                                                                                 United                                        and Risk                        Segregated
                                                                                                 States          Canada         Europe         Solutions          Total          Funds                     Par          Total 1
                                      CSM, beginning of year                                    $          55 $       690 $          3,664 $          2,436 $        6,845 $             3,268 $ 3,255 $ 13,368
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                              (4)         (36)           (160)            (130)          (330)                (200)             (76)             (606)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                        —            16             114                72           202                     69                54            325
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                          16           10               38               14             78                     7            180               265
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                           contracts                                                       2            10               45               32             89                     (7)              —              82
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                              (4)          —              184                89           269                     111           (12)              368
                                      CSM, end of period                                        $          65 $       690 $          3,885 $          2,513 $        7,153 $             3,248 $ 3,401 $ 13,802

                                  1
                                        The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                     71


                                              B  72                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                       Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                 Capital
                                                                    United                                      and Risk                    Segregated
                                                                    States       Canada          Europe         Solutions        Total        Funds             Par          Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                      $         24 $      1,159 $          3,255 $          1,745 $     6,183 $           3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635
      CSM recognized for services provided                                (5)         (103)            (286)            (178)      (572)             (408)        (151)         (1,131)
      Contracts initially recognized in the year                          —             36             371              251         658               170          119             947
      Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                            31          (431)              79             477         156               197          113             466
      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
        contracts                                                            1          29               79               47        156                (17)           —            139
      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                   4           —             166                94        264                 28            20           312
    CSM, end of year                                            $         55 $        690 $          3,664 $          2,436 $     6,845 $           3,268 $ 3,255 $ 13,368

1
     The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          72


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  73
Page intentionally left blank.




     B  74                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                                                  PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE C 71




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the
current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking
statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding
the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at
and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about
the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and




                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   C  1
                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                              The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and
                              financial condition of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the three and six months ended
                              June 30, 2025 and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial
                              Statements (Interim Financial Statements) as well as the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and the 2025 IGM
                              Financial Inc. First Quarter Report to Shareholders filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Commentary in the MD&A as at and
                              for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 is as of August 6, 2025.

                              Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                              The Interim Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s
                              MD&A, have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting
                              and are presented in Canadian dollars (Note 2 of the Interim Financial Statements).

                              Forward-looking Statements
                              Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical                  affect the operations, performance and results of the Company
                              fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions                       and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, and their businesses,
                              and reflect IGM Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company)                    and could cause actual results to differ materially from current
                              and, where applicable, its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’,                    expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                              current expectations. Forward-looking statements are provided                           factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated
                              to assist the reader in understanding the Company’s, and its                            impact of general economic, political and market factors in North
                              subsidiaries and strategic investments, financial position and results                  America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
                              of operations as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and                      global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity
                              to present information about management’s current expectations                          and funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used
                              and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such                       to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with
                              statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These                             critical accounting assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying
                              statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the                    future accounting changes, operational and reputational risks,
                              operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results,                  environmental and social risks, business competition, technological
                              performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals,                      change, changes in government regulations and legislation, changes
                              ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, and its                      in tax laws, the impact of trade relations, unexpected judicial or
                              subsidiaries and strategic investments, as well as the outlook for North                regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, outbreaks of disease
                              American and international economies, for the current fiscal year and                   or pandemics (such as COVID-19), the Company’s ability to complete
                              subsequent periods. Forward-looking statements include statements                       strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and implement other
                              that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events                    growth strategies, and the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and
                              or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”,                       strategic investments’ success in anticipating and managing the
                              “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”,            foregoing factors.
                              “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions,
                                                                                                                      The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of
                              or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”
                                                                                                                      the factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking
                              and “could”.
                                                                                                                      statements. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other
                              This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions                  factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place
                              that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or                       undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                              projection as reflected in the forward-looking statements, including
                                                                                                                      Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the
                              the perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected
                                                                                                                      Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
                              future developments, as well as other factors that are believed to
                                                                                                                      statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on
                              be appropriate in the circumstances. While the Company considers
                                                                                                                      which such statements are made, or to reflect the occurrence of
                              these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently
                                                                                                                      unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                                                      events or results, or otherwise.
                              By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and
                                                                                                                      Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the
                              uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to
                                                                                                                      Company’s business and material factors or assumptions on which
                              the possibility that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or
                                                                                                                      information contained in forward-looking statements is based is
                              conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not
                                                                                                                      provided in its disclosure materials, including this Management’s
                              be correct and that objectives, including environmental and social,
                                                                                                                      Discussion and Analysis and its most recent Annual Information Form,
                              strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.
                                                                                                                      filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada, available at
                              A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the                             www.sedarplus.ca.
                              Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ control,




                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                            5
                                    C  2                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios                         Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
that do not have standard meanings prescribed by International                               including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be directly                                 accordance with IFRS in Tables 1 to 4.
comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These
                                                                                             This report also contains other financial measures which include:
measures and ratios are used to provide management, investors
and investment analysts with additional measures to assess                                   • Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents
earnings performance.                                                                          the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses
                                                                                               IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth
Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted
                                                                                               Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All
net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net
                                                                                               instances where the asset management segment is providing
earnings”, “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted
                                                                                               investment management services or distributing its products
earnings before interest and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings
                                                                                               through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization before sales
                                                                                               Financial’s reporting such that there is no double-counting of the
commissions” (EBITDA before sales commissions), and “earnings
                                                                                               same client savings held at IGM Financial’s core businesses.
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization after sales
commissions” (EBITDA after sales commissions). These measures                                • Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
exclude other items which are items of a non-recurring nature, or                              Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products
that could make the period-over-period comparison of results from                              held within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment
operations less meaningful. Effective in the first quarter of 2024, these                      core business.
measures also exclude the Company’s proportionate share of items
                                                                                             • Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
that Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) excludes from its IFRS reported
                                                                                               Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues
net earnings in arriving at Lifeco’s base earnings. Base earnings
                                                                                               and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation
is an alternate measure Lifeco uses to understand the underlying
                                                                                               to its investment management activities. AUM are client assets
business performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s
                                                                                               where we provide investment management services, and include
financial information can be obtained in its disclosure materials filed
                                                                                               investment funds where we are the fund manager, investment
on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods have been restated to
                                                                                               advisory mandates to institutions, and other client accounts where
reflect this change. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes all
                                                                                               we have discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.
sales commissions. EBITDA after sales commissions includes all sales
commissions and highlights aggregate cash flows.                                             • Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
                                                                                               Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including
Non-IFRS ratios include the following:
                                                                                               the Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic
                                                                                               investments based on the Company’s interest in the strategic
 Ratio                   Numerator                   Denominator
                                                                                               investments. The strategic investments included are those whose
 Adjusted earnings       Adjusted net                Average number of                         activities are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
 per share               earnings available          outstanding common                        ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller
 (Adjusted EPS)          to common                   shares on a diluted basis                 client assets include assets under management and advisement
                         shareholders                                                          as well as assets held for investment purposes and only receiving
 Return (Adjusted        Net earnings                Average shareholders’                     administrative services.
 return) on equity       (Adjusted net               equity                                  • Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
 (ROE, Adjusted ROE)     earnings) available                                                   excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
                         to common
                         shareholders
 ROE (Adjusted ROE)      Net earnings                Average shareholders’
 excluding the impact    (Adjusted net               equity excluding
 of fair value through   earnings) available         the impact of fair
 other comprehensive     to common                   value through other
 income investments      shareholders                comprehensive income
                                                     investments net of tax




                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




6     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                  C  3
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                              Summary of Consolidated Operating Results
                              IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and                        to common shareholders of $439.6 million or $1.85 per
                              asset management company supporting advisors                                share for the comparative period in 2024, representing
                              and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional                     an increase of 9.2% in earnings per share.
                              investors globally. The Company operates through                            Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
                              a number of operating subsidiaries and also holds a                         (a non-IFRS measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                              number of strategic investments that provide benefits                       and Other Financial Measures and Table 1), excluding
                              to these subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s                        other items outlined below, for the three months ended
                              growth prospects. The Company’s wealth management                           June 30, 2025 were $252.7 million or $1.07 per share,
                              segment consists of IG Wealth Management (IG), and                          second quarter record highs, compared to adjusted
                              strategic investments in Rockefeller Capital Management                     net earnings available to common shareholders of
                              (Rockefeller) and Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                              $220.4 million or $0.93 per share in 2024, representing
                              (Wealthsimple). The asset management segment consists                       an increase of 15.1% in adjusted earnings per share.
                              of Mackenzie Investments (Mackenzie) and strategic                          Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
                              investments in China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                             in the current quarter represented an increase of 7.0%
                              (ChinaAMC) and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf).                    in adjusted earnings per share from $237.8 million or
                              The Company also holds an investment in Great-West                          $1.00 per share for the three months ended March
                              Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco).                                                       31, 2025. Adjusted net earnings available to common
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                 shareholders, excluding other items outlined below, for
                              Advisement Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A                           the six months ended June 30, 2025 were $490.5 million
                              Including SI) were $521.1 billion at June 30, 2025, the                     or $2.06 per share compared to adjusted net earnings
                              highest level in the history of the Company, compared                       available to common shareholders of $444.9 million
                              to $431.7 billion at June 30, 2024 and $483.5 billion at                    or $1.87 per share in 2024, representing an increase of
                              December 31, 2024, as detailed in Tables 6 and 7.                           10.2% in adjusted earnings per share.
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                 Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2025
                              Advisement (AUM&A) were $283.9 billion at June 30,                          consisted of ($10.0) million, including ($6.0) million
                              2025, also at a record high, compared to $252.4 billion                     recorded in the second quarter, reflecting the
                              at June 30, 2024 and $270.4 billion at December 31,                         Company’s proportionate share of items Lifeco excludes
                              2024. Average total AUM&A for the second quarter of                         from its base earnings (Lifeco other items). Lifeco
                              2025 were $273.8 billion compared to $250.9 billion in                      excludes items from its IFRS reported net earnings to
                              the second quarter of 2024. Average total AUM&A for                         arrive at base earnings, which are an alternate measure
                              the six months ended June 30, 2025 were $274.3 billion                      Lifeco uses to understand the underlying business
                              compared to $247.8 billion for the six months ended                         performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s
                              June 30, 2024.                                                              financial information can be obtained in its disclosure
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders for the                       materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              three months ended June 30, 2025 were $246.7 million                        Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2024
                              or $1.04 per share, second quarter record highs,                            consisted of:
                              compared to net earnings available to common                                • Lifeco other items of ($2.0) million, including
                              shareholders of $216.2 million or $0.91 per share for the                     ($0.9) million recorded in the second quarter.
                              comparative period in 2024, representing an increase                        • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s
                              of 14.3% in earnings per share. Net earnings available                        one-time debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million,
                              to common shareholders for the three months ended                             recorded in the second quarter, related to the early
                              March 31, 2025 were $233.8 million or $0.98 per share.                        repayment of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities.
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders for the
                              six months ended June 30, 2025 were $480.5 million                          Total equity was $8.2 billion as at June 30, 2025,
                              or $2.02 per share compared to net earnings available                       compared to $7.9 billion at December 31, 2024. Adjusted


                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 7
                                   C  4                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                                                                                                                    Three months ended                Six months ended
                                                                                                2025                2025              2024           2025           2024
($ millions except EPS)                                                                       Jun. 30              Mar. 31          Jun. 30        Jun. 30        Jun. 30
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                 $      252.7         $      237.8     $     220.4    $    490.5     $     444.9
 Lifeco other items                                                                               (6.0)                (4.0)           (0.9)        (10.0)           (2.0)
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                        –                    –            (3.3)            –            (3.3)
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                             $      246.7         $      233.8     $     216.2    $    480.5     $     439.6
Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                            $       1.07         $        1.00    $      0.93    $      2.06    $       1.87
 Lifeco other items                                                                              (0.03)                (0.02)             –          (0.04)          (0.01)
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                        –                     –          (0.02)             –           (0.01)
Earnings per share(2)                                                                     $       1.04         $        0.98    $      0.91    $      2.02    $      1.85
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                              237,236              238,233          237,397        237,731        237,788

EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                        $      410.9         $      393.6     $     365.4    $    804.5     $     739.9
 Sales–based commissions paid                                                                    (27.4)               (34.2)          (32.1)         (61.6)         (65.3)
EBITDA after sales commissions(1)                                                                383.5                359.4           333.3          742.9          674.6
 Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                             27.4                 34.2            32.1           61.6           65.3
 Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                   (28.3)               (27.8)          (26.1)         (56.1)         (51.5)
 Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                            (24.2)               (24.7)          (22.4)         (48.9)         (46.0)
Adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes(1)                                            358.4                341.1           316.9         699.5           642.4
 Interest expense(3)                                                                              32.2                 32.0            32.2          64.2            64.5
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                         326.2                309.1           284.7         635.3           577.9
 Income taxes                                                                                     71.6                 69.6            63.2         141.2           130.5
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                         254.6                239.5           221.5         494.1           447.4
 Lifeco other items                                                                               (6.0)                (4.0)           (0.9)        (10.0)           (2.0)
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                        –                    –            (3.3)            –            (3.3)
Net earnings                                                                                     248.6                235.5           217.3         484.1           442.1
 Non-controlling interest                                                                          1.9                  1.7             1.1           3.6             2.5
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                             $      246.7         $      233.8     $     216.2    $    480.5     $     439.6
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Diluted earnings per share.
(3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




ROE (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures                                        • The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased
and Other Financial Measures) for the six months ended                                           by 8.5% in the second quarter and 1.5% in the
June 30, 2025 was 12.4% compared with 12.9% for the                                              first quarter.
comparative period in 2024. Adjusted ROE excluding                                             • U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total
the impact of fair value through other comprehensive                                             return index, increased by 10.9% in the second quarter
income investments (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS                                              and decreased by 4.3% in the first quarter.




                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures) for the                                       • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI
six months ended June 30, 2025 was 14.2% compared                                                Europe net total return index, increased by 2.5% in the
with 13.9% for the comparative period in 2024. The                                               second quarter and 5.9% in the first quarter.
quarterly dividend per common share declared in the
                                                                                               • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia
second quarter of 2025 was 56.25 cents, unchanged
                                                                                                 Pacific net total return index, increased by 12.4% in the
from the first quarter of 2025.
                                                                                                 second quarter and 0.9% in the first quarter.
                                                                                               • Chinese equity markets, as measured by the CSI 300
Market Overview                                                                                  net total return index, increased by 2.3% in the second
Financial market returns were generally positive for the                                         quarter and decreased by 1.0% in the first quarter.
second quarter of 2025:


8     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                  C  5
                              Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q2 2025 vs. Q2 2024
                                                                              Wealth Management                       Asset Management                   Corporate & Other                                  Total
                              Three months ended                                     2025             2024              2025              2024             2025              2024            2025           2024
                              ($ millions)                                         Jun. 30          Jun. 30           Jun. 30           Jun. 30          Jun. 30           Jun. 30         Jun. 30        Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                               $    653.0       $    592.3        $          –      $          –     $       (3.6)     $       (2.3)   $    649.4     $    590.0

                               Asset management                                           –                –           280.1             271.5             (26.3)            (25.7)         253.8          245.8
                               Dealer compensation expense                                –                –            (80.9)           (80.2)             (1.4)              (0.9)        (82.3)         (81.1)
                               Net asset management                                       –                –            199.2            191.3              (27.7)           (26.6)         171.5          164.7

                               Net investment income and other                         2.2               2.7               5.0               3.2              4.5               4.1          11.7            10.0
                               Proportionate share of associates’
                               earnings                                               (0.4)             (2.4)            39.0              33.6              27.5             24.5           66.1            55.7
                                                                                    654.8            592.6             243.2             228.1                0.7              (0.3)        898.7          820.4
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                    283.4            257.1               21.4              21.4                –                 –          304.8          278.5
                               Operations and support                               116.1            114.3               96.8              90.8              0.9               0.8          213.8          205.9
                               Sub-advisory                                          51.6             46.5                1.4               1.4            (31.3)            (28.8)          21.7           19.1
                                                                                    451.1            417.9              119.6            113.6             (30.4)            (28.0)         540.3          503.5
                              Adjusted earnings before interest
                              and taxes(1)                                          203.7            174.7             123.6             114.5              31.1              27.7          358.4          316.9
                              Interest expense(2)                                    25.8             25.7               6.4               6.5                 –                 –           32.2           32.2
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)               177.9           149.0              117.2            108.0              31.1              27.7          326.2          284.7
                              Income taxes                                            47.1            40.3               23.6             22.1               0.9               0.8           71.6           63.2
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                              130.8            108.7               93.6              85.9             30.2              26.9          254.6          221.5
                              Non-controlling interest                                  –                –                1.9               1.1                –                 –            1.9            1.1
                              Adjusted net earnings available to
                              common shareholders(1)                           $    130.8       $    108.7        $      91.7       $      84.8      $      30.2       $      26.9          252.7          220.4
                              Other items(1), net of tax
                              Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                              (6.0)          (0.9)
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                                                       –           (3.3)
                              Net earnings available to common
                              shareholders                                                                                                                                             $ 246.7        $    216.2
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                              • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return                                           • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core
                                index decreased by 0.6% in the second quarter and                                          business and strategic investments that are principally
                                increased by 2.0% in the first quarter.                                                    focused on providing financial planning and related
                              • Our clients experienced average investment returns of                                      services to retail client households. This segment




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                3.6% in the second quarter and 0.4% in the first quarter.                                  includes the activities of IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                           which is a retail distribution organization that serves
                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 5.0% from
                                                                                                                           Canadian households through its securities dealer,
                              $270.4 billion at December 31, 2024 to $283.9 billion at
                                                                                                                           mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to
                              June 30, 2025.
                                                                                                                           distribute financial products and services. A majority
                                                                                                                           of the revenues of this segment are derived from
                              Reportable Segments                                                                          providing financial advice and distributing financial
                              The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth                                                 products and services to Canadian households. This
                              Management, Asset Management and Corporate & Other                                           segment also includes the investment management
                              and reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and                                   activities of these organizations, including mutual fund
                              performance measurement (Tables 2, 3 and 4):                                                 management and discretionary portfolio management


                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                              9
                                    C  6                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Six Months Ended
                                                    Wealth Management                       Asset Management                   Corporate & Other                              Total
Six months ended                                           2025             2024              2025             2024              2025           2024         2025            2024
($ millions)                                             Jun. 30          Jun. 30           Jun. 30          Jun. 30           Jun. 30        Jun. 30      Jun. 30         Jun. 30
Revenues
 Wealth management                                   $ 1,295.8        $ 1,176.8         $          –     $           –     $      (6.9)   $      (4.2)    $ 1,288.9    $ 1,172.6

 Asset management                                               –                –            564.5            539.4             (52.8)         (51.7)        511.7          487.7
 Dealer compensation expense                                    –                –           (164.6)          (159.5)             (2.8)           (1.7)      (167.4)        (161.2)
 Net asset management                                           –                –            399.9            379.9             (55.6)         (53.4)       344.3          326.5

 Net investment income and other                             4.3               8.0               6.5              9.7              8.7            7.9          19.5           25.6
 Proportionate share of associates’
 earnings                                                   (4.1)             (7.5)            78.0              67.6            52.0            48.4        125.9          108.5
                                                         1,296.0          1,177.3            484.4             457.2              (1.8)          (1.3)     1,778.6         1,633.2
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                        558.5             501.3              47.6             42.8                 –              –        606.1          544.1
 Operations and support                                   234.0             229.3             193.9            179.3               1.7            1.2        429.6          409.8
 Sub-advisory                                             103.1              91.8               2.8              2.7             (62.5)         (57.6)        43.4           36.9
                                                          895.6             822.4            244.3             224.8             (60.8)         (56.4)     1,079.1          990.8
Adjusted earnings before interest
and taxes(1)                                              400.4             354.9            240.1             232.4              59.0           55.1        699.5          642.4
Interest expense(2)                                        51.3              51.5             12.9              13.0                 –              –         64.2           64.5
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                  349.1             303.4             227.2            219.4              59.0           55.1        635.3          577.9
Income taxes                                               94.0              83.5              45.4             45.3               1.8            1.7        141.2          130.5
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                  255.1             219.9            181.8             174.1              57.2           53.4        494.1          447.4
Non-controlling interest                                      –                 –              3.6               2.5                 –              –          3.6            2.5
Adjusted net earnings available to
common shareholders(1)                               $    255.1       $     219.9       $    178.2       $     171.6       $      57.2    $      53.4        490.5          444.9
Other items(1), net of tax
Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                            (10.0)           (2.0)
Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                                                      –            (3.3)
Net earnings available to common
shareholders                                                                                                                                              $ 480.5      $    439.6
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




  services. This segment also includes the Company’s                                             distributed through third party dealers and financial
  strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.                                         advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates
  Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate                                        to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional
  and accounted for using the equity method, with                                                investors. This segment also includes the Company’s




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  the proportionate share of earnings included in                                                strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf
  revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment                                           which are classified as investments in associates
  which is accounted for at fair value through other                                             and accounted for using the equity method. The
  comprehensive income (FVTOCI) and therefore has                                                proportionate share of earnings on these investments
  no impact on the segment earnings.                                                             are included in the segment’s revenue.
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core                                       • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the
  business and strategic investments primarily focused                                           investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the
  on providing investment management services.                                                   Company’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation
  This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie                                              elimination entries.
  Investments which provides investment management
  services to a suite of investment funds that are


10 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           C  7
                              Table 4: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q2 2025 vs. Q1 2025
                                                                              Wealth Management                       Asset Management                   Corporate & Other                                  Total
                              Three months ended                                     2025            2025               2025            2025               2025             2025             2025          2025
                              ($ millions)                                         Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30           Mar. 31         Jun. 30        Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                               $    653.0       $    642.8        $          –     $           –     $       (3.6)     $       (3.3)   $    649.4     $    639.5

                               Asset management                                          –                 –           280.1             284.4             (26.3)            (26.5)         253.8          257.9
                               Dealer compensation expense                               –                 –            (80.9)           (83.7)             (1.4)              (1.4)        (82.3)         (85.1)
                               Net asset management                                      –                 –            199.2            200.7              (27.7)           (27.9)         171.5          172.8

                               Net investment income and other                         2.2               2.1               5.0              1.5               4.5               4.2          11.7             7.8
                               Proportionate share of associates’
                               earnings                                               (0.4)             (3.7)            39.0              39.0              27.5             24.5           66.1            59.8
                                                                                    654.8            641.2             243.2             241.2                0.7              (2.5)        898.7          879.9
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                    283.4            275.1               21.4              26.2                –                 –          304.8          301.3
                               Operations and support                               116.1            117.9               96.8              97.1              0.9               0.8          213.8          215.8
                               Sub-advisory                                          51.6             51.5                1.4               1.4            (31.3)            (31.2)          21.7           21.7
                                                                                    451.1            444.5              119.6            124.7             (30.4)            (30.4)         540.3          538.8
                              Adjusted earnings before interest
                              and taxes(1)                                          203.7            196.7             123.6             116.5              31.1              27.9          358.4          341.1
                              Interest expense(2)                                    25.8             25.5               6.4               6.5                 –                 –           32.2           32.0
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)               177.9           171.2              117.2            110.0              31.1              27.9          326.2          309.1
                              Income taxes                                            47.1            46.9               23.6             21.8               0.9               0.9           71.6           69.6
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                              130.8            124.3               93.6              88.2             30.2              27.0          254.6          239.5
                              Non-controlling interest                                  –                –                1.9               1.7                –                 –            1.9            1.7
                              Adjusted net earnings available to
                              common shareholders(1)                           $    130.8       $    124.3        $      91.7      $       86.5      $      30.2       $      27.0          252.7          237.8
                              Other items(1), net of tax
                              Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                              (6.0)          (4.0)
                              Net earnings available to common
                              shareholders                                                                                                                                             $ 246.7        $    233.8

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                              Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)                                             Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of
                              represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM                                             the Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional
                              Financial’s core businesses IG Wealth Management and                                       driver of revenues and expenses within the Wealth
                              Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth Management                                            Management segment in relation to its investment




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances                                     management activities. AUM are client assets where we
                              where the Asset Management segment is providing                                            provide investment management services, and include
                              investment management services or distributing its                                         investment funds where we are the fund manager,
                              products through the Wealth Management segment are                                         investment advisory mandates to institutions, and other
                              eliminated in IGM Financial’s reporting such that there                                    client accounts where we have discretionary portfolio
                              is no double-counting of the same client savings held at                                   management responsibilities.
                              IGM Financial’s core businesses.                                                           Assets Under Management and Advisement Including
                              Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of                                        Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents
                              the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and                                         AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share
                              investment products held within client accounts of our                                     of the AUM&A of strategic investments based on
                              Wealth Management segment operating companies.                                             the Company’s interest in the strategic investments.

                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                             11
                                    C  8                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
The strategic investments included are those whose                                        investment management and product shelf
activities are primarily in asset and wealth management,                                  management; corporate management and
and include ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and                                          support functions. These expenses primarily reflect
Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include AUM&A                                     compensation, technology and other service
as well as assets held for investment purposes and only                                   provider expenses.
receiving administrative services.                                                      • Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to
                                                                                          investment management services provided by third
Financial Presentation                                                                    party or related party investment management
The financial presentation includes revenues and                                          organizations. These fees typically are variable with
expenses to align with the key drivers of business activity                               the level of assets under management. These fees
and to reflect our emphasis on business growth and                                        include investment advisory services performed
operational efficiency. The categories are as follows:                                    for the Wealth Management segment by the Asset
• Wealth management revenue – revenues earned                                             Management segment.
  by the Wealth Management segment for providing                                        Interest expense represents interest expense on
  financial planning, investment advisory and related                                   long-term debt and leases. Interest expense is allocated
  financial services. Revenues include financial                                        to each segment based on management’s assessment of:
  advisory fees, investment management and related                                      i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is
  administration fees, distribution revenue associated                                  being serviced.
  with insurance and banking products and services,                                     Income taxes are reported in each segment. IGM Financial
  and revenue relating to mortgage lending activities.                                  consolidated changes in the effective tax rates are detailed
• Asset management revenue – revenues earned by                                         in Table 5.
  the Asset Management segment related to investment
                                                                                        Tax planning may result in the Company recording
  management advisory and administrative services.
                                                                                        lower levels of income taxes. Management monitors the
• Dealer compensation – asset-based and sales-
                                                                                        status of its income tax filings and regularly assesses the
  based compensation paid to dealers by the Asset
                                                                                        overall adequacy of its provision for income taxes and,
  Management segment.
                                                                                        as a result, income taxes recorded in prior years may be
• Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the                                     adjusted in the current year. The effect of changes in
  Company’s proportionate share of earnings from                                        management’s best estimates reported in adjusted net
  equity investments including Lifeco, ChinaAMC,                                        earnings is reflected in Other, which also includes, but
  Northleaf and Rockefeller.                                                            is not limited to, the effect of lower effective income tax
• Advisory and business development expenses –                                          rates on foreign operations.
  expenses incurred on activities directly associated
                                                                                        Other items, as reflected in Tables 2, 3 and 4, include
  with providing financial planning services to
                                                                                        the after-tax impact of any item that management
  clients of the Wealth Management segment and
                                                                                        considers to be of a non-recurring nature or that could
  wholesale distribution activities performed by the
                                                                                        make the period-over-period comparison of results
  Asset Management segment. Expenses include
                                                                                        from operations less meaningful and are not allocated
  compensation, recognition and other support
                                                                                        to segments.
  provided to our advisors, field management, product
  & planning specialists; expenses associated with                                      Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2025




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  facilities, technology and training relating to our                                   consisted of Lifeco other items of ($10.0) million,
  advisors and specialists; other business development                                  including ($6.0) million recorded in the second quarter.
  activities including direct marketing and advertising.                                Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2024
  A significant component of these expenses varies                                      consisted of:
  directly with levels of assets under management                                       • Lifeco other items of ($2.0) million, including
  or advisement, business development measures                                            ($0.9) million recorded in the second quarter.
  including sales and client acquisition, and the number
                                                                                        • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller
  of advisor and client relationships.
                                                                                          one-time debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million,
• Operations and support expenses – expenses                                              recorded in the second quarter, related to the early
  associated with business operations, including                                          repayment of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities.
  technology and business processes; in-house

12   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  9
                              Table 5: Effective Income Tax Rate
                                                                                                                                       Three months ended                                Six months ended
                                                                                                                2025                  2025                    2024                   2025           2024
                                                                                                              Jun. 30                Mar. 31                Jun. 30                Jun. 30        Jun. 30
                              Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial
                              statutory rates                                                                    26.57 %                26.62 %                26.58 %                 26.59 %      26.59 %
                               Effect of:
                                 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings(1)                                   (4.54)                 (4.19)                 (4.29)                 (4.38)       (4.09)
                                 Other                                                                            (0.16)                  0.04                  (0.14)                 (0.05)        0.05
                               Other items:
                                Lifeco other items                                                                 0.49                   0.35                   0.08                   0.42         0.09
                                Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                          –                      –                   0.32                      –         0.16
                              Effective income tax rate – net earnings available to
                              common shareholders                                                                22.36 %                22.82 %                22.55 %                 22.58 %      22.80 %
                              (1) Includes proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings.




                              Total AUM&A                                                                                  At June 30, 2025, Northleaf’s AUM was $32.8 billion
                                                                                                                           compared to $29.1 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase
                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $521.1 billion
                                                                                                                           of 12.7%. IGM Financial holds a 56% economic interest
                              at June 30, 2025 compared to $431.7 billion at June 30,
                                                                                                                           in Northleaf.
                              2024, as detailed in Table 6.
                                                                                                                           At June 30, 2025, Rockefeller’s client assets were
                              AUM&A were $283.9 billion at June 30, 2025 compared
                                                                                                                           USD $170.8 billion ($232.7 billion) compared to USD
                              to $252.4 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase of 12.5%.
                                                                                                                           $140.0 billion ($191.6 billion) at June 30, 2024, an increase
                              AUM were $266.8 billion at June 30, 2025 compared to
                                                                                                                           of 22.0% (CAD 21.5%). IGM Financial holds a 20.5%
                              $237.4 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase of 12.4%.
                                                                                                                           interest in Rockefeller.
                              AUM&A net inflows in the second quarter of 2025 were
                                                                                                                           At June 30, 2025, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $84.5 billion
                              $90 million compared to net outflows of $1.1 billion in
                                                                                                                           compared to $43.6 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase
                              the second quarter of 2024. Second quarter investment
                                                                                                                           of 93.8%. IGM Financial holds a 26.7% interest in
                              fund net sales were $676 million, compared to net
                                                                                                                           Wealthsimple, compared to 28.3% at June 30, 2024.
                              redemptions of $1.4 billion in the second quarter of 2024.
                              Net inflows for the six months ended June 30, 2025 were                                      Changes in AUM&A for the Wealth Management and
                              $4.2 billion compared to net outflows of $1.2 billion in                                     Asset Management segments are discussed further in
                              2024. Investment fund net sales for the six month period                                     each of their respective Review of the Business sections
                              were $1.5 billion in 2025 compared to net redemptions                                        in the MD&A.
                              of $1.9 billion in 2024. Net flows and net sales are based
                              on AUM&A excluding sub-advisory assets to Canada Life                                        Summary of Quarterly Results
                              and to the Wealth Management segment.
                                                                                                                           The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 7 includes
                              The Company also benefits from the underlying assets                                         the eight most recent quarters and the reconciliation
                              under management of the Company’s investments in                                             of non-IFRS financial measures to net earnings in




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              associates, including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller                                       accordance with IFRS.
                              and its investment in Wealthsimple which is classified as
                                                                                                                           Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent
                              FVTOCI. The Company has included its proportionate
                                                                                                                           quarters, as shown in Table 7, largely reflect the impact of
                              share of the AUM&A of these investments in its AUM&A
                                                                                                                           changes in domestic and foreign markets and net sales of
                              Including SI based on its direct and indirect interest in
                                                                                                                           the Company.
                              these companies.
                              At June 30, 2025, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥
                              2,851.2 billion ($542.3 billion) compared to RMB¥
                              2,158.5 billion ($406.5 billion) at June 30, 2024, an
                              increase of 32.1% (CAD 33.4%). IGM Financial holds a
                              27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.

                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      13
                                    C  10                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 6: AUM&A
                                                                              Wealth                          Asset                Intercompany
                                                                         Management(1)                  Management(2)                Eliminations         Consolidated
                                                                       2025          2024            2025            2024         2025       2024       2025        2024
($ millions)                                                         Jun. 30       Jun. 30         Jun. 30         Jun. 30      Jun. 30    Jun. 30    Jun. 30     Jun. 30
Three months ended
Gross flows
 Mutual fund gross sales(3)                                      $    3,775 $         4,214 $ 2,104 $                 2,142 $        – $        – $    5,879 $      6,356
 Dealer gross inflows                                                 3,613           3,565       –                       –          –          –      3,613        3,565
Net flows
 Mutual fund net sales(3)(4)                                             489            (612)          (366)           (906)         –          –        123        (1,518)
 ETF net creations                                                         –               –            553             161          –          –        553           161
 Investment fund net sales                                               489            (612)            187           (745)         –          –        676        (1,357)
 Institutional SMA net sales(4)(5)                                         –               –            (322)          (171)         –          –       (322)         (171)
 IGM product net sales                                                   489            (612)          (135)           (916)         –          –        354        (1,528)
 Other dealer net flows                                                 (264)            439              –               –          –          –       (264)          439
 Total net flows                                                         225            (173)          (135)           (916)         –          –         90        (1,089)
Six months ended
Gross flows
 Mutual fund gross sales(3)                                      $ 8,682 $            8,011 $         4,741 $         4,499 $        – $        – $ 13,423 $ 12,510
 Dealer gross inflows                                              7,779              7,264               –               –          –          –    7,779    7,264
Net flows
 Mutual fund net sales(3)(4)                                          1,433             (927)        (1.066)         (1,432)         –          –        367        (2,359)
 ETF net creations                                                        –                –          1,168             493          –          –      1,168           493
 Investment fund net sales(6)                                         1,433             (927)           102            (939)         –          –      1,535        (1,866)
 Institutional SMA net sales(4)(5)                                        –                –          3,204            (151)         –          –      3,204          (151)
 IGM product net sales                                                1,433             (927)         3,306          (1,090)         –          –      4,739        (2,017)
 Other dealer net flows                                                (490)             800              –               –          –          –       (490)          800
 Total net flows                                                         943            (127)         3,306          (1,090)         –          –      4,249        (1,217)
(1) Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie Sub-advisory and
    AUM to Wealth Management.
(2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
(3) Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
(4) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
    by Mackenzie:
    2025 Q2 – $24 million
    2024 Q1 – $177 million
(5) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
    2025 Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
          Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
(6) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
    redemptions of $144 million.




                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




14 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                    C  11
                              Table 6: AUM&A (continued)

                                                                                                        Wealth                           Asset                   Intercompany
                                                                                                   Management                      Management                      Eliminations(1)           Consolidated
                                                                                               2025            2024            2025            2024            2025            2024        2025      2024
                              ($ millions)                                                   Jun. 30         Jun. 30         Jun. 30         Jun. 30         Jun. 30         Jun. 30     Jun. 30   Jun. 30

                              AUM&A
                               IG Wealth Management
                                AUM(2)                                                     $ 129,526 $114,655
                                Other AUA                                                     17,138   15,061
                                AUA                                                         146,664          129,716
                               Mackenzie Investments
                                Mutual funds                                                                               $ 62,488 $ 58,505
                                ETFs(3)                                                                                       8,683    6,250
                                Investment funds                                                                              71,171          64,755

                                Institutional SMA                                                                             12,023           8,011
                                Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                   54,031          49,960
                                Total Institutional SMA                                                                       66,054          57,971

                                Third Party AUM                                                                              137,225         122,726
                                Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                     87,352          79,393
                                Total AUM                                                                                    224,577         202,119
                               Consolidated
                                AUM                                                        $ 129,526 $114,655 $224,577 $ 202,119 $ (87,352) $ (79,393) $ 266,751 $237,381
                                AUM&A                                                       146,664 129,716 224,577 202,119        (87,352) (79,393) 283,889 252,442
                               Strategic investments(4)
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                     150,748         112,998
                                Northleaf                                                                                     18,361          16,308
                                Rockefeller                                                   47,605          39,195
                                Wealthsimple                                                  22,567          12,354
                                Intra-segment eliminations                                        (8)             (7)            (309)            (329)
                                                                                              70,164          51,542        168,800          128,977           (1,772)         (1,275)   237,192   179,244
                               Consolidated AUM&A Including SI                             $216,828 $181,258 $ 393,377 $ 331,096 $ (89,124) $ (80,668) $521,081 $ 431,686
                              (1) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                              (2) Wealth Management AUM includes separately managed accounts.
                              (3) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $18.7 billion at June 30, 2025 (2024 – $14.4 billion).
                              (4) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2024 – 27.8%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2024 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 20.5% (2024 – 20.5%)
                                  of Rockefeller’s client assets, and 26.7% (2024 – 28.3%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     15
                                    C  12                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 7: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                      2025           2025          2024            2024        2024        2024        2023        2023
                                                                                       Q2             Q1            Q4              Q3          Q2          Q1          Q4          Q3
Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
Revenues
 Wealth management                                                              $     649.4 $       639.5 $       647.5 $         616.0 $     590.0 $      582.6 $     550.0 $     563.1

 Asset management                                                                     253.8         257.9         261.6           253.4       245.8        241.9       234.3       239.9
 Dealer compensation expense                                                          (82.3)         (85.1)        (85.2)          (82.8)      (81.1)       (80.1)      (76.7)      (78.6)
 Net asset management                                                                 171.5         172.8         176.4           170.6       164.7        161.8       157.6       161.3

 Net investment income and other                                                       11.7           7.8           17.3            10.1        10.0        15.6        10.6         7.9
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                           66.1          59.8           53.1            61.4        55.7        52.8        56.6        49.2
                                                                                      898.7         879.9         894.3           858.1       820.4        812.8       774.8       781.5
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                    304.8         301.3         298.3           278.3       278.5        265.6       253.2       253.3
 Operations and support                                                               213.8         215.8         216.5           211.4       205.9        203.9       208.8       196.4
 Sub-advisory                                                                          21.7          21.7          21.2            20.0        19.1         17.8        16.7        16.8
 Interest(1)                                                                           32.2          32.0          32.5            32.4        32.2         32.3        32.5        32.5
                                                                                      572.5         570.8         568.5           542.1       535.7        519.6       511.2       499.0
Earnings before undernoted                                                            326.2         309.1         325.8           316.0       284.7        293.2       263.6       282.5
Lifeco other items                                                                     (6.0)          (4.0)           –             (4.9)       (0.9)        (1.1)       (6.0)      (10.7)
Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                              –              –            –                –        (3.3)           –           –           –
Earnings before income taxes                                                          320.2         305.1         325.8           311.1       280.5        292.1       257.6       271.8
Income taxes                                                                           71.6          69.6          70.4            71.2        63.2         67.3        56.0        60.4
Net earnings from continuing operations                                               248.6         235.5         255.4           239.9       217.3        224.8       201.6       211.4
Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                 –             –             –               –           –            –       219.7         (1.5)
Net earnings                                                                          248.6         235.5         255.4           239.9       217.3        224.8       421.3       209.9
Non-controlling interest                                                                1.9           1.7           0.7             0.7         1.1          1.4         1.7         0.1
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                   $     246.7 $       233.8 $       254.7 $         239.2 $     216.2 $      223.4 $     419.6 $     209.8
Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                       $     252.7 $       237.8 $       250.0 $         244.1 $     220.4 $      224.5 $     204.9 $     220.5
Other items:
 Lifeco other items                                                                     (6.0)         (4.0)            –            (4.9)       (0.9)        (1.1)       (6.0)     (10.7)
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                              –             –             –               –        (3.3)           –           –          –
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                    –             –           4.7               –           –            –           –          –
 Gain on sale of IPC                                                                       –             –             –               –           –            –      220.7           –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                   $     246.7 $       233.8 $       254.7 $         239.2 $     216.2 $      223.4 $     419.6 $     209.8
Earnings per share ($)
Adjusted earnings per share(2)
 – Basic                                                                        $      1.07 $        1.00 $         1.05 $          1.03 $      0.93 $      0.94 $      0.86 $      0.93
 – Diluted                                                                             1.07          1.00           1.05            1.03        0.93        0.94        0.86        0.92
Earnings per share
 – Basic                                                                               1.04          0.99           1.07            1.01        0.91        0.94        1.76        0.88
 – Diluted                                                                             1.04          0.98           1.07            1.01        0.91        0.94        1.76        0.88
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                    237,236      238,233       238,304           236,931     237,397     238,112     238,156     238,550




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Average AUM&A ($ billions)
 Investment fund AUM                                                            $     192.8 $       195.1 $       192.0 $         183.8 $     178.0 $      173.0 $     164.0 $     165.7
 AUM                                                                                  257.2         257.7         253.3           243.4       236.3        231.0       219.2       221.5
 AUM&A                                                                                273.8         274.7         269.3           258.6       250.9        245.0       232.1       233.7
Ending AUM&A ($ billions)
 Investment fund AUM                                                            $     200.7 $       193.4 $       191.9 $         188.6 $     179.4 $      178.5 $     169.5 $     160.9
 AUM                                                                                  266.8         258.1         253.1           249.3       237.4        237.7       226.6       215.2
 AUM&A                                                                                283.9         275.0         270.4           264.9       252.4        252.2       240.2       227.4
Ending AUM&A Including SI ($ billions)                                          $     521.1 $       503.6 $       483.5 $         461.6 $     431.7 $      422.8 $     390.6 $     373.8

(1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
(2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




16 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             C  13
                              Wealth Management
                              The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                             • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
                              Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller                            Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the
                              and Wealthsimple.                                                              segment’s equity investments.
                              Wealth Management revenue consists of:                                       Sub-advisory fees are paid between segments and
                              • Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice                    to third parties for investment management services
                                to clients including fees related to the distribution                      provided to our investment products. Wealth
                                of products and depend largely on the level and                            Management is considered a client of the Asset
                                composition of AUA. Advisory fees also include net                         Management segment and transfer pricing is based on
                                interest income from client cash on deposit.                               values for similar sized asset management mandates.
                              • Product and program fees are related to the                                Debt and interest expense is allocated to each
                                management of investment products and include                              IGM Financial segment based on management’s
                                management, administration and other related fees                          assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and
                                and depend largely on the level and composition of                         ii) where the debt is being serviced. Income taxes are
                                assets under management.                                                   also reported in each segment.
                              • Other financial planning revenues are fees related
                                to providing clients other financial products including
                                mortgages, insurance and banking products.




                              Review of the Business
                              IG Wealth Management, founded in 1926, is a                                  IG Wealth Management
                              leading wealth management company in Canada.
                                                                                                           IG Wealth Management is one of the largest
                              Through a network of advisors located across the
                                                                                                           independent financial planning firms in Canada, with
                              country, IG Wealth Management provides clients with
                                                                                                           advisors in every community from coast to coast. We are
                              personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning,
                                                                                                           driven by our mission to inspire financial confidence that
                              insurance and mortgage services and professionally
                                                                                                           can transform the lives of our clients and their families
                              managed investment solutions.
                                                                                                           and we are deeply committed to improving financial
                              Rockefeller, founded in 2018, is a leading U.S.                              literacy in the communities where we work and live.
                              independent financial services advisory firm focused on
                                                                                                           Our exclusive network is comprised of 3,131 advisors.
                              the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth segments.
                                                                                                           IG Wealth Management clients are approximately
                              Rockefeller’s goal is to be a premier advisory firm that
                                                                                                           one million individuals, families and business owners.
                              redefines and elevates the financial services experience
                              to empower individuals, families, institutions and                           Canadians hold $6.7 trillion in discretionary financial




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              corporations to realize their aspirations and achieve their                  assets with financial institutions at December 31,
                              most important goals.                                                        2023, based on the most recent report from Investor
                                                                                                           Economics, and we view these savings as IG Wealth
                              Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest
                                                                                                           Management’s addressable market. 77% of these savings
                              growing financial services companies and provides
                                                                                                           are held by households with over $1 million, which are
                              simple digital tools for growing and managing client
                                                                                                           referred to as high net worth, and another 20% reside
                              money. Wealthsimple’s mission is to help everyone
                                                                                                           with households with between $100,000 and $1 million,
                              achieve financial freedom.
                                                                                                           which Investor Economics refers to as mass affluent.
                                                                                                           These segments tend to have more complicated financial
                                                                                                           needs, and IG Wealth Management’s focus on providing



                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 17
                                   C  14                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
comprehensive financial planning solutions positions it                                 • Brand Alignment: IG Wealth Management Inc. more
well to compete and grow in these segments.                                               closely reflects the brand and company name.
                                                                                        • Ease of doing business: a single dealer structure makes
Strategy                                                                                  it easier for clients to do business with the Dealer.
Our goal is to help Canadians achieve financial                                         • Additional efficiencies: it streamlines the business
well-being through better planning as Canada’s top                                        operations and internal processes to help improve
financial planning firm.                                                                  the client experience.
We strive to meet our strategic mandate by:
                                                                                        Financial Advice
1) Focusing on key mass affluent and high net worth
   segments by aligning our capabilities to industry                                    Our advisors focus on providing financial advice which
   wealth drivers.                                                                      is the value of all efforts that sit outside the investment
                                                                                        portfolio construction. This includes the value that an
2) Utilizing a segmented advice model to align our
                                                                                        advisor adds to a client relationship and comes from
   best-in-class advice with Canadians’ financial planning
                                                                                        the creation and follow through of a well-constructed
   needs and complexities.
                                                                                        financial plan.
3) Leveraging leading innovation to enhance client
   experience and improve operational efficiencies.                                     Advisors
                                                                                        IG Wealth Management has a national distribution
IG Wealth Management has a client-centric strategy with
                                                                                        network of more than 3,000 advisors in communities
a focus on high net worth (HNW) and mass affluent client
                                                                                        throughout Canada. Our advisory services are most
segments, which we define as households with savings
                                                                                        suited to individuals with complicated financial needs.
over $1 million and between $250,000 and $1 million,
respectively.                                                                           IG Wealth Management provides advice through two
                                                                                        primary channels:
IG Wealth Management is committed to increasing the
                                                                                        • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are
financial confidence of all Canadians by leveraging our
                                                                                          focused on households with more complex needs by
people, expertise and resources because we believe it
                                                                                          focusing on households with greater than $250,000
will help create stronger communities and a better future
                                                                                          of assets.
for all.
                                                                                        • IG Wealth Management corporate channel advisors
We believe that Canadians deserve a high standard of
                                                                                          are focused on servicing households with less complex
advice that takes into consideration all dimensions of
                                                                                          requirements with assets up to $250,000.
their financial lives with financial plans tailored to meet
                                                                                        Our entrepreneurial advisor network creates a
and adapt to their needs.
                                                                                        competitive advantage and drives client engagement
We focus on providing comprehensive financial advice                                    with a focus on comprehensive financial planning and
and well-constructed investment solutions designed                                      product solutions. Our advantage is further enabled
to deliver returns and risks that take into account each                                by hiring top quality advisors, increasing proficiency,
client’s needs and requirements.                                                        improving technology, implementing a client
                                                                                        segmentation approach and enhancing a strong brand.
2025 Developments
                                                                                        AUA consists of the following:
Dealer Merger




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                        • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million
Effective July 1, 2025, IG Wealth Management has
                                                                                          (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled
merged its mutual fund and investment dealers,
                                                                                          $67.2 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase of 26.7% from
Investors Group Financial Services Inc. and Investors
                                                                                          one year ago, and represented 46% of total AUA.
Group Securities Inc., into a single dual registered dealer,
                                                                                        • Clients with household assets between $250,000 and
IG Wealth Management Inc. The change aligns with the
                                                                                          $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled
regulatory framework set out by the 2023 merger of
                                                                                          $56.8 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase of 6.6% from
Canada’s regulatory bodies into Canadian Investment
                                                                                          one year ago, and represented 39% of total AUA.
Regulatory Organization (CIRO). The benefits of the
merger include:                                                                         • Clients with household assets less than $250,000
                                                                                          (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $22.6 billion



18   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  15
                                at June 30, 2025, a decrease of 3.2% from one year                         to ensure that we are providing comprehensive financial
                                ago, and represented 15% of total AUA.                                     planning across all elements of a client’s financial life.
                              IG Wealth Management advisor practices are industry                          Clients are served by our mutual fund licensed and
                              leaders in holding a credentialed financial planning                         securities licensed advisors and specialists.
                              designation. These designations are nationally                               Client Experiences
                              recognized financial planning qualifications that                            IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from our
                              require an individual to demonstrate financial planning                      competition by offering comprehensive planning to our
                              competence through education, standardized                                   clients that synchronize every aspect of their financial
                              examinations, continuing education requirements, and                         life. IG Wealth Management services clients located
                              accountability to ethical standards.                                         in communities throughout Canada. A primary focus
                              The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth                          is on advising and attracting high net worth and mass
                              Management advisor network into its significant                              affluent clients.
                              components at June 30, 2025:                                                 For the distinct needs of the high net worth market,
                              • 1,597 advisor practices (1,655 at June 30, 2024),                          IG Private Wealth Management focuses on industry
                                which reflect advisors with more than four years of                        wealth drivers including tax planning and optimization,
                                experience. These practices may include associates as                      retirement readiness, wealth transfer and estate
                                described below. The level and productivity of advisor                     planning, small and medium enterprise monetization,
                                practices is a key measurement of our business as                          high net worth financial literacy and philanthropy and
                                they serve clientele representing approximately 94%                        legacy planning.
                                of AUA.
                                                                                                           IG Living Plan allows clients to collaborate with an
                              • 209 new advisors (270 at June 30, 2024), which are                         IG Wealth Management advisor through an enhanced
                                those advisors with less than four years of experience.                    digital experience to develop and track a financial plan
                              • 1,325 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,251 at                    which is unique to each client’s goals.
                                June 30, 2024). Associates are licensed team members
                                                                                                           IG Wealth Management has a full range of products that
                                of advisor practices who provide financial planning
                                                                                                           allow us to provide a tailored IG Living Plan that evolves
                                services and advice to the clientele served by the team.
                                                                                                           over time. These products include:
                              • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network
                                                                                                           • Powerful financial solutions that include investment
                                of 3,131 (3,176 at June 30, 2024).
                                                                                                              vehicles, focusing on managed solutions, that match
                              IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as                               risk and investment performance to each client’s needs
                              a key performance measure in evaluating its advisor                             and requirements.
                              network. The productivity is measured based on gross                         • Insurance products that include a variety of policy
                              inflows per advisor and is monitored for both advisor                           types from the leading insurers in Canada.
                              recruits with less than four years experience and advisor
                                                                                                           • Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part of
                              practices with greater than four years experience.
                                                                                                              a comprehensive financial plan.
                              Experienced recruits are included within the greater than
                              four years experience category.                                              The Charitable Giving Program is a donor-advised giving
                              • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.6 million per                  program which enables Canadians to make donations
                                advisor, compared to $0.7 million in the comparative                       and build an enduring charitable giving legacy with




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                period of 2024.                                                            considerably less expense and complexity than setting
                                                                                                           up and administering their own private foundation.
                              • The advisor practice gross inflows were $2.0 million per
                                practice, compared to $1.9 million in the comparative                      The IG Advisory Account (IGAA) is a fee-based account
                                period of 2024.                                                            that improves client experience by offering the ability
                                                                                                           to simplify and consolidate selected investments
                              We support advisors and clients through our network of
                                                                                                           into a single account while providing all our clients
                              product and planning specialists, who assist in the areas
                                                                                                           with a transparent advisory fee. IGAA increases
                              of advanced financial planning, portfolio strategy and
                                                                                                           fee transparency and can hold most securities and
                              insurance. As part of the strategic mortgage partnership,
                                                                                                           investment products available in the marketplace to
                              nesto Inc. provides mortgage planning and home equity
                                                                                                           individual investors.
                              line of credit assistance to clients. These specialists help


                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 19
                                   C  16                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Financial Solutions                                                                       real property and alternatives. These fund-on-fund
                                                                                          solutions provide options to amplify specific outcomes,
IG Wealth Management strives to achieve expected
                                                                                          such as lower volatility, higher income, or higher
investment returns for the lowest possible risk focusing
                                                                                          potential capital growth.
on managed solutions that create value for clients
through active management. To do this, we select                                        • iProfile™ Portfolios provide the same investment
and engage high-quality sub-advisors so our clients                                       expertise and approach to building portfolios that
have access to a diverse range of investment products                                     are typically reserved for only the largest investors.
and solutions. Each asset manager is selected through                                     The portfolios include a variety of sophisticated
a proven and rigorous process. We oversee all sub-                                        investment strategies, such as alternative assets and
advisors to ensure that their activities are consistent with                              private markets, that are out of reach for individual
their investment philosophies and with the investment                                     investors. The portfolios offer wide diversification,
objectives and strategies of the products they advise.                                    across a variety of asset classes to help minimize risk
                                                                                          and maximize returns.
Our investment solutions leverage top global asset
                                                                                        • iProfile™ Private Discretionary Portfolios are model
manager relationships including Mackenzie Investments
                                                                                          portfolios comprised of iProfile Private Pools, available
and other world class investment firms such as Fidelity
                                                                                          for households with investments held at IG Wealth
Investments Canada, T. Rowe Price (Canada), Sagard
                                                                                          Management in excess of $250,000. iProfile Private
Credit Partners, Portage, Beutel Goodman & Company,
                                                                                          Discretionary Portfolios have been designed to deliver
PanAgora Asset Management, PIMCO Canada Corp.,
                                                                                          strong risk-adjusted returns by diversifying across asset
Northleaf Capital Partners (Canada), BristolGate
                                                                                          classes, management styles and geographic regions.
Capital Partners, Aristotle Capital Boston, Putnam
Investments Canada, Franklin Templeton Investment                                       • A deep and broad selection of mutual funds,
Management, Wellington Management Canada,                                                 diversified by manager, asset category, investment
Rockefeller & Co., JPMorgan Asset Management                                              style, geography, market capitalization and sector.
(Canada), Rockefeller Capital Management, BlackRock                                     • Segregated funds that provide for long-term
Asset Management Canada, ClearBridge Investments,                                         investment growth potential combined with risk
1832 Asset Management (Dynamic), American Century                                         management, benefit guarantee features and estate
Investment Management, Manulife Investment                                                planning efficiencies.
Management Limited, Manulife Investment Management                                      • Separately managed accounts (discretionary dealer-
(US) LLC, Manulife Investment Management (Hong                                            managed accounts).
Kong), Guardian Capital LP and Capital Research and                                     We have incorporated investments in private assets into
Management Company.                                                                     various mandates through commitments to investments
We provide clients with an extensive suite of                                           managed by Northleaf, BlackRock, PIMCO and Sagard.
well-constructed and competitively priced financial                                     IG Wealth Management monitors its investment
solutions that incorporate public and private market                                    performance by comparing to certain benchmarks.
investments as well as alternative investment strategies.                               Morningstar† fund ranking service is one of the rankings
We regularly enhance the scope and diversity of our                                     monitored when determining fund performance.
investment offering with new funds and product
changes that enable clients to achieve their goals. We                                  At June 30, 2025, 95.4% of IG Wealth Management
believe that well-constructed managed solutions provide                                 mutual fund assets had a rating of three stars or better




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
advisors with the best opportunity to focus on providing                                from Morningstar† fund ranking service and 72.7%
financial advice to their clients.                                                      had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to the
                                                                                        Morningstar† universe of 87.4% for three stars or better
We provide portfolio construction with investment                                       and 55.8% for four and five star funds at June 30, 2025.
solutions that include public markets, private markets,                                 Morningstar Ratings† are an objective, quantitative
and alternative strategies.                                                             measure of a fund’s three, five and ten year risk-adjusted
Our investment solutions include:                                                       performance relative to comparable funds.
• Wealth Portfolios are a suite of professionally managed
  portfolio solutions that employ leading global
  asset managers and offer extensive diversification,
  including access to difficult-to-reach asset classes like


20 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                    C  17
                              Other Products and Services                                                     Wealth Management AUM and AUA
                              Segregated Funds                                                                AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the
                              IG Wealth Management offers segregated funds                                    Wealth Management segment and are detailed in
                              which include the IG Series of Guaranteed Investment                            Tables 8 and 9.
                              Funds (GIFs). Select GIF policies allow for a Lifetime
                                                                                                              Wealth Management AUA including strategic investments
                              Income Benefit (LIB) option to provide guaranteed
                                                                                                              were $216.8 billion at June 30, 2025, compared to
                              retirement income for life. The investment components
                                                                                                              $181.3 billion at June 30, 2024. Strategic investments AUA
                              of these segregated funds are managed by IG Wealth
                                                                                                              is based on the Company’s interest in these companies.
                              Management. At June 30, 2025, total segregated fund
                              assets were $1.2 billion, unchanged from June 30, 2024.                         IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $146.7 billion at
                                                                                                              June 30, 2025, an increase of 13.1% from June 30, 2024.
                              Insurance                                                                       The level of AUA is influenced by three factors: client
                              IG Wealth Management distributes life insurance in                              inflows, client outflows and investment returns. AUA
                              Canada through its arrangements with leading insurance                          represents savings and investment products, including
                              companies, and offers a broad range of term, universal                          AUM where we provide investment management
                              life, whole life, disability, critical illness, long-term care,                 services, that are held within our clients’ accounts.
                              personal health care coverage and group insurance.                              Advisory fees are charged based on an annual
                              At June 30, 2025, total in-force policies were                                  percentage of substantially all AUA, through the IG
                              approximately 371 thousand with an insured value of                             Advisory Account fee, and represent the majority of
                              $107 billion, compared to approximately 373 thousand                            the fees earned from our clients. Our entrepreneurial
                              with an insured value of $105 billion at June 30, 2024.                         advisors’ compensation is also based on AUA and net
                              Distribution of insurance products is enhanced through                          assets contributed by our clients.
                              IG Wealth Management’s Insurance Planning Specialists,                          At June 30, 2025, Rockefeller’s client assets were
                              located throughout Canada, who assist advisors                                  USD $170.8 billion ($232.7 billion) compared to USD
                              with advanced estate planning solutions for high net                            $140.0 billion ($191.6 billion) at June 30, 2024, an increase
                              worth clients.                                                                  of 22.0% (CAD 21.5%). IGM Financial holds a 20.5%
                                                                                                              interest in Rockefeller.
                              Mortgage Banking Operations
                              Mortgages, which include home equity lines of                                   At June 30, 2025, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $84.5 billion
                              credit (HELOCs), are offered to clients by IG Wealth                            compared to $43.6 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase
                              Management. Licensed mortgage brokers are located                               of 93.8%. IGM Financial holds a 26.7% interest in
                              throughout each province in Canada, and work with                               Wealthsimple at June 30, 2025, compared to 28.3% at
                              our clients and their advisors to develop mortgage                              June 30, 2024.
                              and lending strategies that meet the individual needs
                              and goals of each client as part of their comprehensive                         IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA
                              financial plan.                                                                 Change in AUM & AUA – 2025 vs. 2024
                              Mortgage fundings offered through IG Wealth                                     IG Wealth Management’s AUA of $146.7 billion at June 30,
                              Management for the three and six months ended                                   2025, a record high, increased 13.1% from $129.7 billion
                              June 30, 2025 were $328 million and $564 million                                at June 30, 2024. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund
                              compared to $258 million and $413 million in 2024, an                           AUM were $129.5 billion at June 30, 2025, representing




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              increase of 27.1% and 36.8%, respectively. At June 30,                          an increase of 13.0% from $114.7 billion at June 30, 2024.
                              2025, mortgages serviced totalled $6.9 billion, compared                        Average daily mutual fund assets were $124.5 billion in the
                              to $6.7 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase of 2.5%.                          second quarter of 2025, up 9.7% from $113.5 billion in the
                                                                                                              second quarter of 2024. Average daily mutual fund assets
                              Private Company Advisory                                                        were $125.0 billion for the six months ended June 30,
                              Private Company Advisory is a comprehensive service                             2025, an increase of 11.8% from $111.7 billion in 2024.
                              to business owners in the small to midsize segment that                         For the quarter ended June 30, 2025, gross client inflows
                              provides advice on debt and equity financing, business                          of IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.6 billion, an
                              valuation and succession.                                                       increase of 1.3% from the comparable period in 2024.
                                                                                                              For the quarter ended June 30, 2025, gross inflows from


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  21
                                   C  18                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 8: Change in AUA – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                            Change
Three months ended                                                                               2025              2025            2024          2025         2024
($ millions)                                                                                   Jun. 30            Mar. 31        Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30
Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
 Gross client inflows                                                                     $      3,613        $     4,166    $     3,565          (13.3)%        1.3 %
 Gross client outflows(1)                                                                        3,388              3,448          3,738            (1.7)       (9.4)
 Net flows                                                                                         225                 718          (173)         (68.7)       N/M
 Investment returns                                                                              4,910                 391         1,868          N/M         162.8
 Net change in assets                                                                            5,135              1,109          1,695          N/M          N/M
 Beginning assets                                                                             141,529             140,420        128,021            0.8        10.6
 Ending AUA                                                                               $ 146,664           $ 141,529      $ 129,716              3.6 %      13.1 %
Strategic investments ending AUA
 Rockefeller                                                                              $     47,605        $    45,425    $    39,195            4.8 %       21.5 %
 Wealthsimple                                                                                   22,567             19,851         12,354           13.7         82.7
 Intra-segment eliminations                                                                         (8)                (8)            (7)             –        (14.3)
                                                                                          $ 70,164            $    65,268    $    51,542            7.5 %      36.1 %
Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments                                   $ 216,828           $ 206,797      $ 181,258              4.9 %      19.6 %
Daily average AUA
 IG Wealth Management                                                                     $ 141,170           $ 142,499      $ 128,146             (0.9)%      10.2 %

Six months ended                                                                                                                   2025           2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                     Jun. 30        Jun. 30     Change
Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
 Gross client inflows                                                                                                        $     7,779    $     7,264          7.1 %
 Gross client outflows(1)                                                                                                          6,836          7,391         (7.5)
 Net flows                                                                                                                           943           (127)       N/M
 Investment returns                                                                                                                5,301          8,620        (38.5)
 Net change in assets                                                                                                              6,244          8,493        (26.5)
 Beginning assets                                                                                                                140,420        121,223        15.8
 Ending AUA                                                                                                                  $ 146,664      $ 129,716          13.1 %
Daily average AUA
 IG Wealth Management                                                                                                        $ 141,831      $ 126,061          12.5 %
(1) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
    by Mackenzie:
    2025 Q2 – $24 million
    2024 Q1 – $177 million




newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million of                                         totalled $3.3 billion, a decrease of 31.9% from 2024.
assets accounted for 38.9% of all newly acquired client                                       IG Wealth Management mutual fund net sales for the




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
inflows. Net client inflows were $225 million compared                                        second quarter of 2025 were $489 million compared
to net client outflows of $173 million in the comparable                                      to net redemptions of $612 million in 2024. During
period in 2024. During the second quarter, investment                                         the second quarter, investment returns resulted in an
returns resulted in an increase of $4.9 billion in AUA                                        increase of $4.4 billion in mutual fund assets compared to
compared to an increase of $1.9 billion in the second                                         an increase of $1.7 billion in the second quarter of 2024.
quarter of 2024.                                                                              IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly
For the quarter ended June 30, 2025, sales of IG Wealth                                       redemption rate for long-term funds was 9.7% in the
Management mutual funds through its advisor network                                           second quarter of 2025, compared to 16.3% in the
were $3.8 billion, a decrease of 10.4% from the                                               second quarter of 2024. IG Wealth Management’s twelve
comparable period in 2024. Mutual fund redemptions                                            month trailing redemption rate for long-term funds was


22    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                   C  19
                              Table 9: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                              Three months ended                                                                           2025               2025                2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                               Jun. 30             Mar. 31            Jun. 30             Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Sales(1)                                                                               $      3,775        $      4,907       $      4,214              (23.1)%     (10.4)%
                              Redemptions(1) (2)                                                                            3,286               3,963              4,826              (17.1)      (31.9)
                              Net sales (redemptions)                                                                         489                 944               (612)             (48.2)      N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                            4,392                 501              1,701              N/M        158.2
                              Net change in assets                                                                         4,881               1,445              1,089               N/M         N/M
                              Beginning assets                                                                           124,645             123,200            113,566                1.2         9.8
                              Ending assets                                                                          $ 129,526           $ 124,645          $ 114,655                   3.9 %      13.0 %
                              Daily average AUM                                                                      $ 124,484           $ 125,457          $ 113,494                  (0.8)%       9.7 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                    2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                      Jun. 30             Jun. 30     Change
                              Sales(1)                                                                                                                      $      8,682        $     8,011         8.4 %
                              Redemptions(1)(2)                                                                                                                    7,249              8,938       (18.9)
                              Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                              1,433               (927)      N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                                                   4,893              7,947       (38.4)
                              Net change in assets                                                                                                                6,326               7,020        (9.9)
                              Beginning assets                                                                                                                  123,200             107,635        14.5
                              Ending assets                                                                                                                 $ 129,526           $ 114,655          13.0 %
                              Daily average AUM                                                                                                             $ 124,968           $ 111,749          11.8 %
                              (1) In the second quarter of 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced heightened investment fund gross sales, redemptions and heightened positive other net flows
                                  due to clients strategically triggering capital gains in advance of changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy.
                              (2) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
                                  by Mackenzie:
                                  2025 Q2 – $24 million
                                  2024 Q1 – $177 million




                              10.5% at June 30, 2025, compared to 13.9% at June 30,                                    $5.3 billion in assets under advisement compared to an
                              2024. The corresponding average twelve month trailing                                    increase of $8.6 billion in 2024.
                              redemption rate for all other members of the Securities                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025, sales of
                              and Investment Management Association (SIMA),                                            IG Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor
                              formerly IFIC, was approximately 14.9% at June 30, 2025.                                 network were $8.7 billion, an increase of 8.4% from
                              In June 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced                                           2024. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $7.2 billion, a
                              heightened investment fund gross sales, redemptions                                      decrease of 18.9% from 2024. Net sales of IG Wealth
                              and heightened positive other net flows due to clients                                   Management mutual funds were $1.4 billion compared
                              strategically triggering capital gains in advance of                                     to net redemptions of $927 million in 2024. During 2025,
                              proposed changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy.                                   investment returns resulted in an increase of $4.9 billion




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              For the six months ended June 30, 2025, gross client                                     in mutual fund assets compared to an increase of
                              inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were $7.8 billion                                    $7.9 billion in 2024.
                              and represented an increase of 7.1% from $7.3 billion                                    In the second quarter of 2025, the IG Wealth
                              in the comparable period in 2024. For the six months                                     Management pension plan redeemed $24 million
                              ended June 30, 2025, gross inflows from newly acquired                                   from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was
                              clients with more than $1.0 million of assets accounted                                  re-allocated into a separately managed account
                              for 38.5% of all newly acquired client inflows. Net client                               managed by Mackenzie Investments. In the first quarter
                              inflows were $943 million in the six month period,                                       of 2024, the pension plan had re-allocated $177 million.
                              an increase of $1.1 billion from net client outflows of                                  Excluding these transactions, net client inflows and net
                              $127 million in the comparable period in 2024. During                                    sales for the six month period of 2025 were $967 million
                              2025, investment returns resulted in an increase of                                      and $1.5 billion, respectively, compared to net client

                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      23
                                    C  20                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
inflows and net redemptions of $50 million and                                          of $718 million in the prior quarter. During the second
$750 million, respectively, in 2024.                                                    quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase
                                                                                        of $4.9 billion in AUA compared to an increase of
Change in AUM & AUA – Q2 2025 vs. Q1 2025
                                                                                        $391 million in the prior quarter.
IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $146.7 billion at
June 30, 2025, an increase of 3.6% from $141.5 billion at                               For the quarter ended June 30, 2025, sales of IG Wealth
March 31, 2025. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund                                      Management mutual funds through its advisor network
AUM were $129.5 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase                                   were $3.8 billion, a decrease of 23.1% from the first
of 3.9% from $124.6 billion at March 31, 2025. Average                                  quarter of 2025. Mutual fund redemptions totalled
daily mutual fund assets were $124.5 billion in the second                              $3.3 billion for the second quarter, a decrease of 17.1%
quarter of 2025 compared to $125.5 billion in the first                                 from the previous quarter, and the annualized quarterly
quarter of 2025, a decrease of 0.8%.                                                    redemption rate was 9.7% in the second quarter
                                                                                        compared to 12.2% in the first quarter of 2025. IG Wealth
For the quarter ended June 30, 2025, gross client inflows                               Management mutual fund net sales were $489 million for
of IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.6 billion,                                          the current quarter compared to net sales of $944 million
compared to $4.2 billion in the prior quarter. Net client                               in the previous quarter.
inflows were $225 million compared to net client inflows




                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




24 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                   C  21
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net                                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the
                              earnings are presented in Table 10 and include the                                        second quarter of 2025 were $204.3 million, an increase
                              operations of IG Wealth Management and earnings                                           of 15.2% from the second quarter in 2024 and an
                              related to strategic investments.                                                         increase of 1.8% from the prior quarter. Adjusted
                                                                                                                        earnings before interest and taxes for the six months
                              IG Wealth Management                                                                      ended June 30, 2025 were $405.0 million, an increase
                                                                                                                        of 11.6% from 2024.
                              IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are
                              presented within Table 11. Adjusted net earnings for the
                                                                                                                        2025 vs. 2024
                              second quarter of 2025 were $131.5 million, an increase
                                                                                                                        Fee Income
                              of 17.7% from the second quarter in 2024 and an increase
                              of 2.4% from the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings for                                 Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice
                              the six months ended June 30, 2025 were $259.9 million,                                   to clients including fees related to the distribution of
                              an increase of 13.5% from 2024.                                                           products and net client interest income which depend
                                                                                                                        largely on the level and composition of AUA. Advisory



                              Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                            2025               2025                2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Jun. 30             Mar. 31            Jun. 30             Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                         $      346.3        $      342.1       $      315.3                1.2 %       9.8 %
                                Product and program fees                                                                     263.7               263.9              242.3               (0.1)        8.8
                                                                                                                             610.0               606.0              557.6                0.7         9.4
                                Other financial planning revenues                                                             43.0                36.8               34.7               16.8        23.9
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                       653.0               642.8              592.3                1.6        10.2
                               Net investment income and other                                                                 2.2                 2.1                2.7                4.8       (18.5)
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                    (0.4)               (3.7)              (2.4)              89.2        83.3
                                                                                                                             654.8               641.2              592.6                2.1        10.5
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                     182.4               184.0              161.2               (0.9)       13.2
                                Sales-based compensation                                                                      28.2                27.7               25.7                1.8         9.7
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                                     24.3                20.3               20.0              19.7        21.5
                                 Business development                                                                          48.5                43.1               50.2              12.5        (3.4)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                               72.8                63.4               70.2              14.8         3.7
                               Total advisory and business development                                                       283.4               275.1              257.1                3.0        10.2
                               Operations and support                                                                        116.1               117.9              114.3               (1.5)        1.6
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                   51.6                51.5               46.5                0.2        11.0
                                                                                                                             451.1               444.5              417.9                1.5         7.9
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                 203.7               196.7              174.7                3.6        16.6
                              Interest expense                                                                                25.8                25.5               25.7                1.2         0.4
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                        177.9              171.2              149.0                3.9        19.4
                              Income taxes                                                                                     47.1               46.9               40.3                0.4        16.9
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $      130.8        $      124.3       $      108.7                5.2 %      20.3 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       25
                                    C  22                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management (continued)
Six months ended                                                                                                                     2025           2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                       Jun. 30        Jun. 30    Change
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                                                $    688.4     $    624.4        10.2 %
  Product and program fees                                                                                                          527.6          476.5        10.7
                                                                                                                                   1,216.0        1,100.9       10.5
  Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                   79.8           75.9        5.1
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                                           1,295.8        1,176.8        10.1
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                       4.3            8.0       (46.3)
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                          (4.1)          (7.5)       45.3
                                                                                                                                   1,296.0        1,177.3       10.1
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                                          366.4          317.9        15.3
  Sales-based compensation                                                                                                           55.9           50.8        10.0
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                                                          44.6           39.4       13.2
   Business development                                                                                                               91.6           93.2       (1.7)
                                                                                                                                    136.2          132.6          2.7
 Total advisory and business development                                                                                            558.5          501.3        11.4
 Operations and support                                                                                                             234.0          229.3         2.0
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                       103.1           91.8        12.3
                                                                                                                                    895.6          822.4          8.9
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                      400.4          354.9        12.8
Interest expense                                                                                                                     51.3           51.5        (0.4)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                            349.1          303.4        15.1
Income taxes                                                                                                                         94.0           83.5        12.6
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                       $    255.1     $    219.9        16.0 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




fees were $346.3 million in the second quarter of 2025,                                        ended June 30, 2025 was 97.9 basis points of average
an increase of $31.0 million or 9.8% from $315.3 million in                                    AUA, compared to 99.6 basis points in 2024. Fee rates are
2024. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, advisory                                         determined based on client AUA levels and the average
fees were $688.4 million, an increase of $64.0 million or                                      rate will fluctuate based on changes in a client’s AUA as
10.2% from $624.4 million in 2024.                                                             well as product mix.
The increase in advisory fees in the three months                                              Product and program fees depend largely on the




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
ending June 30, 2025 was primarily due to the increase                                         level and composition of mutual fund AUM. Product
in average AUA of 10.2%, as shown in Table 8, partially                                        and program fees totalled $263.7 million in the current
offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The increase                                    quarter, up 8.8% from $242.3 million a year ago primarily
in advisory fees in the six months ending June 30, 2025                                        due to the increase in average AUM of 9.7%, as shown in
was primarily due to the increase in average AUA of                                            Table 9. Product and program fees were $527.6 million
12.5%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory rate                                     for the six month period ended June 30, 2025 compared
and one less calendar day in the six month period of                                           to $476.5 million in 2024, an increase of 10.7% primarily
2025 compared to the same period in 2024. The average                                          due to an increase in average AUM of 11.8%. The
advisory fee rate for the second quarter was 98.4 basis                                        average product and program fee rate for the three
points of average AUA compared to 98.9 basis points in                                         and six month periods ending June 30, 2025 were 85.0
2024. The average advisory fee rate for the six months                                         and 85.1 basis points of AUM, respectively, compared to


26 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                 C  23
                              Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                            2025               2025                2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Jun. 30             Mar. 31            Jun. 30             Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                         $      346.3        $      342.1       $      315.3                1.2 %       9.8 %
                                Product and program fees                                                                     263.7               263.9              242.3               (0.1)        8.8
                                                                                                                             610.0               606.0              557.6                0.7         9.4
                                Other financial planning revenues                                                             43.0                36.8               34.7               16.8        23.9
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                       653.0               642.8              592.3                1.6        10.2
                               Net investment income and other                                                                 2.2                 2.1                2.7                4.8       (18.5)
                                                                                                                             655.2               644.9              595.0                1.6        10.1
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                     182.4               184.0              161.2               (0.9)       13.2
                                Sales-based compensation                                                                      28.2                27.7               25.7                1.8         9.7
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                                     24.3                20.3               20.0              19.7        21.5
                                 Business development                                                                          48.5                43.1               50.2              12.5        (3.4)
                                                                                                                               72.8                63.4               70.2              14.8         3.7
                               Total advisory and business development                                                       283.4               275.1              257.1                3.0        10.2
                               Operations and support                                                                        115.9               117.6              114.1               (1.4)        1.6
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                   51.6                51.5               46.5                0.2        11.0
                                                                                                                             450.9               444.2              417.7                1.5         7.9
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                 204.3               200.7              177.3                1.8        15.2
                              Interest expense                                                                                25.8                25.5               25.7                1.2         0.4
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                       178.5               175.2              151.6                1.9        17.7
                              Income taxes                                                                                    47.0                46.8               39.9                0.4        17.8
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $      131.5        $      128.4       $      111.7                2.4 %      17.7 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              85.6 basis points in both periods in 2024. The decrease in                                A summary of mortgage banking operations for the
                              rate in both periods is due to changes in product mix.                                    periods under review is presented in Table 12.
                              Other financial planning revenues are primarily                                           Net Investment Income and Other
                              earned from:                                                                              Net investment income and other consists of unrealized
                              • Mortgage banking operations                                                             gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds,
                              • Distribution of insurance products through I.G.                                         investment income earned on our cash and cash




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Insurance Services Inc.                                                                 equivalents and securities, and other income not
                              • Securities trading services provided through Investors                                  related to our core business. It also includes a charge
                                Group Securities Inc. (now IG Wealth Management Inc.)                                   from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of
                                                                                                                        unallocated capital.
                              Other financial planning revenues of $43.0 million for the
                              second quarter of 2025 increased by $8.3 million from                                     Expenses
                              $34.7 million in 2024. For the six month period, other                                    IG Wealth Management incurs advisory and business
                              financial planning revenues of $79.8 million increased by                                 development expenses that include compensation
                              $3.9 million from $75.9 million in 2024. The change for                                   paid to our advisors. The majority of these costs vary
                              both the three and six month periods was primarily due                                    directly with asset or sales levels. Also included are other
                              to higher insurance revenues.                                                             distribution and business development activities which


                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       27
                                    C  24                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management (continued)
Six months ended                                                                                                                     2025          2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                       Jun. 30       Jun. 30   Change
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                                                $    688.4    $    624.4       10.2 %
  Product and program fees                                                                                                          527.6         476.5       10.7
                                                                                                                                   1,216.0       1,100.9      10.5
  Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                   79.8          75.9       5.1
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                                           1,295.8       1,176.8       10.1
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                       4.3           8.0      (46.3)
                                                                                                                                   1,300.1       1,184.8        9.7
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                                          366.4         317.9       15.3
  Sales-based compensation                                                                                                           55.9          50.8       10.0
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                                                         44.6           39.4      13.2
   Business development                                                                                                              91.6           93.2      (1.7)
                                                                                                                                    136.2         132.6         2.7
 Total advisory and business development                                                                                            558.5         501.3       11.4
 Operations and support                                                                                                             233.5         228.8        2.1
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                       103.1          91.8       12.3
                                                                                                                                    895.1         821.9         8.9
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                      405.0         362.9       11.6
Interest expense                                                                                                                     51.3          51.5       (0.4)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                            353.7         311.4       13.6
Income taxes                                                                                                                         93.8          82.5       13.7
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                       $     259.9   $    228.9       13.5 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




do not vary directly with asset or sales levels, such as                                       was primarily due to increases in AUA and other
corporate channel, direct marketing and advertising,                                           compensation changes.
financial planning specialist support and other costs                                          IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is
incurred to support our advisor networks. These                                                based upon the level of net new assets contributed to
expenses tend to be discretionary or vary based upon                                           client accounts at IG Wealth Management (subject to
the number of advisors or clients.                                                             eligibility requirements). All sales-based compensation
Asset-based compensation includes compensation                                                 payments are capitalized and amortized as they reflect




                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
paid to both the entrepreneurial advisor and the                                               incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based
corporate channels. The entrepreneurial advisor channel                                        compensation was $28.2 million for the second quarter
compensation fluctuates primarily with the value of                                            of 2025, an increase of $2.5 million from $25.7 million
AUA and product mix while the corporate channel                                                in 2024. For the six month period, sales-based
fluctuates largely based on the number of clients within                                       compensation expense was $55.9 million, an increase of
the channel. Asset-based compensation increased by                                             $5.1 million from $50.8 million in 2024.
$21.2 million and $48.5 million for the three and six                                          Other advisory and business development expenses
month periods ended June 30, 2025 to $182.4 million                                            were $72.8 million in the second quarter of 2025,
and $366.4 million, respectively, compared to 2024.                                            compared to $70.2 million in 2024, an increase of
The increase for both the three and six month periods                                          $2.6 million. Other advisory and business development
                                                                                               expenses were $136.2 million in the six months

28    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                               C  25
                              Table 12: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                             2025               2025                2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                 Jun. 30             Mar. 31            Jun. 30             Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                Interest income                                                                        $        49.6       $        49.1      $        44.3               1.0 %      12.0 %
                                Interest expense                                                                                47.4                47.1               40.8               0.6        16.2
                                Net interest income                                                                               2.2                2.0                 3.5             10.0       (37.1)
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                         1.6                1.2                   –             33.3       N/M
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                            (1.4)              (0.8)               (7.4)           (75.0)       81.1
                               Other                                                                                              3.3                3.1                 7.0              6.5       (52.9)
                                                                                                                       $          5.7      $         5.5      $          3.1              3.6 %      83.9 %
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                         $      4,953        $      5,021       $      4,634               (1.4)%       6.9 %
                               Other                                                                                          1,891               1,787              2,086                5.8        (9.3)
                                                                                                                       $      6,844        $      6,808       $      6,720                0.5 %       1.8 %
                              Mortgage sales to:     (2)

                               Securitizations                                                                         $         367       $        290       $         392              26.6 %      (6.4)%
                               Other(1)                                                                                          238                139                   –              71.2       N/M
                                                                                                                       $         605       $        429       $         392              41.0 %      54.3 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                      2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                        Jun. 30             Jun. 30     Change
                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                Interest income                                                                                                               $        98.7       $      87.1        13.3 %
                                Interest expense                                                                                                                       94.5              81.3        16.2
                                Net interest income                                                                                                                      4.2              5.8       (27.6)
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                                                2.8              0.5       N/M
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                                                                   (2.2)            (5.4)       59.3
                               Other                                                                                                                                     6.4             12.6       (49.2)
                                                                                                                                                              $        11.2       $      13.5       (17.0)%
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                                                                $      4,991        $    4,655          7.2 %
                               Other                                                                                                                                 1,837             2,087        (12.0)
                                                                                                                                                              $      6,828        $    6,742          1.3 %
                              Mortgage sales to:     (2)

                               Securitizations                                                                                                                $         657       $      654         0.5 %
                               Other(1)                                                                                                                                 377               47        N/M
                                                                                                                                                              $      1,034        $      701         47.5 %




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              (1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized
                                  on those sales.
                              (2) Represents principal amounts sold.




                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      29
                                    C  26                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
ended June 30, 2025, an increase of $3.6 million from                                   held on deposit which increased the advisory rate by
$132.6 million in 2024. The increase in both periods                                    approximately 1 basis point.
was primarily due to higher compensation paid on the                                    Product and program fees were $263.7 million in the
distribution of insurance products.                                                     second quarter of 2025, a decrease of $0.2 million from
Operations and support includes costs that support                                      $263.9 million in the first quarter of 2025. The decrease
our wealth management and other general and                                             was primarily due to a decrease in average AUM of 0.8%,
administrative functions such as product management,                                    as shown in Table 9, partially offset by one additional
technology and operations, as well as other functional                                  calendar day in the quarter. The average product
business units and corporate expenses. Operations and                                   and program fee rate was 85.0 basis points of AUM
support expenses were $115.9 million for the second                                     compared to 85.3 basis points from the first quarter. The
quarter of 2025 compared to $114.1 million in 2024,                                     decrease in rate is due to product mix as certain funds
an increase of $1.8 million. For the six month period,                                  and products earn lower rates.
operations and support expenses were $233.5 million in                                  Other financial planning revenues of $43.0 million in the
2025 compared to $228.8 million in 2024, an increase of                                 second quarter of 2025 increased by $6.2 million from
$4.7 million or 2.1%.                                                                   $36.8 million in the first quarter due to higher earnings
Sub-advisory expenses were $51.6 million for the second                                 from the mortgage banking operations and higher
quarter of 2025 compared to $46.5 million in 2024, an                                   revenues from the distribution of insurance products.
increase of $5.1 million or 11.0%. For the six month
                                                                                        Expenses
period, sub-advisory expenses were $103.1 million in
2025 compared to $91.8 million in 2024, an increase of                                  Advisory and business development expenses in the
$11.3 million or 12.3%. The change in both periods was                                  current quarter were $283.4 million, an increase of
primarily due to changes in AUM.                                                        $8.3 million from $275.1 million in the previous quarter.
                                                                                        The increase is primarily due to increased compensation
Interest Expense                                                                        on the distribution of insurance products and the
Interest expense, which includes allocated interest                                     seasonality of expenses.
expense on long-term debt and interest expense on                                       Operations and support expenses were $115.9 million for
leases, totalled $25.8 million in the second quarter of                                 the second quarter of 2025 compared to $117.6 million in
2025, compared to $25.7 million in 2024. For the six                                    the previous quarter.
month period, interest expense totalled $51.3 million
compared to $51.5 million in 2024. Long-term debt
interest expense is calculated based on an allocation
                                                                                        Wealth Management Strategic Investments
of IGM Financial’s long-term debt of $1.95 billion to                                   Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted
IG Wealth Management.                                                                   net earnings are presented within Table 13. Adjusted
                                                                                        net earnings for the second quarter of 2025 were
Q2 2025 vs. Q1 2025                                                                     ($0.7) million, compared to ($3.0) million in 2024 and
Fee Income                                                                              ($4.1) million in the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings
                                                                                        for the six months ended were ($4.8) million, compared
Advisory fee income increased by $4.2 million to
                                                                                        to ($9.0) million in 2024.
$346.3 million in the second quarter of 2025 compared to
the first quarter of 2025. The increase in advisory fees in                             The Company’s share of Rockefeller’s earnings of




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
the second quarter was primarily due to one additional                                  ($2.8) million in the second quarter of 2024 excluded
calendar day in the quarter and an increase in the advisory                             the Company’s proportionate share of one-time debt
fee rate, partially offset by the decrease in average AUA                               refinancing costs of $3.3 million related to the early
of 0.9% for the quarter, as shown in Table 8. The average                               repayment of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities,
advisory fee rate for the second quarter was 98.4 basis                                 which has been reclassified to other items as detailed in
points of average AUA, compared to 97.4 basis points in                                 Tables 2 to 4.
the first quarter. Fee rates are determined based on client
AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on
changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix. During
the second quarter, IG Wealth Management switched
to tiered pricing for client interest based on amounts


30 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                    C  27
                              Table 13: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                            2025               2025                2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Jun. 30             Mar. 31            Jun. 30             Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                Rockefeller                                                                           $         (0.7)     $        (4.3)     $         (2.8)            83.7 %      75.0 %
                                Other                                                                                            0.3                0.6                 0.4            (50.0)      (25.0)
                                                                                                                                (0.4)              (3.7)               (2.4)            89.2        83.3
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                            0.2                0.3                 0.2            (33.3)         –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                                (0.6)              (4.0)               (2.6)            85.0        76.9
                              Income taxes                                                                                       0.1                0.1                 0.4                –       (75.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $         (0.7)     $        (4.1)     $         (3.0)            82.9 %      76.7 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                       Jun. 30             Jun. 30     Change
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                Rockefeller                                                                                                                  $         (5.0)     $      (7.2)      30.6 %
                                Other                                                                                                                                   0.9             (0.3)      N/M
                                                                                                                                                                       (4.1)            (7.5)       45.3
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                   0.5              0.5          –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                                                                       (4.6)            (8.0)       42.5
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                              0.2              1.0       (80.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                       $         (4.8)     $      (9.0)       46.7 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       31
                                    C  28                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Asset Management
The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                                            pricing is based on values for similar sized asset
Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC                                          management mandates.
and Northleaf.                                                                          • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
Asset Management revenue reflects:                                                        Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the
• Net asset management fees – third party includes                                        equity investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
  fees received from our investment funds and fees from                                 Assets managed by Mackenzie for IG Wealth
  third parties for investment management services.                                     Management are included in the Asset Management
  Compensation paid to dealers offsets the fees earned.                                 segment’s AUM.
• Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                             Debt and interest expense is allocated to each
  includes fees received from the Wealth Management                                     IGM Financial segment based on management’s
  segment. Wealth Management is considered a client                                     assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and
  of the Asset Management segment and transfer                                          ii) where the debt is being serviced. Income taxes
                                                                                        are also reported in each segment.




Review of the Business
Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                                 maintained a position among the market leaders in
solutions provider founded in 1967. We provide                                          China’s asset management industry. ChinaAMC drives for
investment management and related services with a                                       growth through product innovation and offering multi-
wide range of investment mandates through a boutique                                    asset investment solutions and services to a diversified
structure and multiple distribution channels. We are                                    group of retail and institutional clients.
committed to delivering strong investment performance                                   Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit
for our clients by drawing on more than 50 years of                                     and infrastructure fund manager headquartered in
investment management experience.                                                       Toronto. Northleaf seeks to deliver high absolute risk-
Mackenzie earns asset management fees primarily from:                                   adjusted returns from access to value creation outside
• Management fees earned from its investment funds,                                     public markets.
  sub-advised accounts and institutional clients.
• Fees earned from its mutual funds for administrative                                  Mackenzie Investments
  services.                                                                             Strategy
• Redemption fees on deferred sales charge and low                                      Mackenzie’s mission is to create a more invested world,
  load units.                                                                           together.
The largest component of Mackenzie’s revenues                                           Mackenzie’s objective is to become Canada’s preferred




                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
is management fees. The amount of management                                            global asset management solutions provider and
fees depends on the level and composition of AUM.                                       business partner.
Management fee rates vary depending on the
investment objective and the account type of the                                        Mackenzie’s strategic mandates are: win Canadian retail;
underlying AUM. Equity based mandates have higher                                       build meaningful strategic partnerships; and develop
management fee rates than fixed income mandates and                                     presence in underpenetrated channels with a targeted
retail mutual fund accounts have higher management fee                                  approach. We achieve our strategic mandates with the
rates than exchange traded funds, sub-advised accounts                                  following focus areas:
and institutional accounts.                                                             • Continuously improving distribution with a segmented
                                                                                          approach;
Founded in 1998 as one of the first fund management
companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and

32   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                    C  29
                              • Delivering competitive risk-adjusted investment                            Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie offers
                                performance;                                                               certain series of our mutual funds and provides sub-
                              • Advancing brand leadership;                                                advisory services to third-party and related party
                              • Creating innovative and relevant products and solutions;                   investment programs offered by banks, insurance
                                                                                                           companies and other investment companies. Strategic
                              • Encouraging a sustainable future;
                                                                                                           alliances with related parties include providing
                              • Ensuring operational excellence and efficiency;                            advisory services to IG Wealth Management and Lifeco
                              • Fostering a high performing, diverse and winning                           subsidiaries. Mackenzie partners with Wealthsimple to
                                culture.                                                                   distribute ETFs through their product shelf. Mackenzie
                              Our focus areas drive future business growth. We aim to                      also serves as one of two exclusive investment solutions
                              achieve this by being committed to the success of our                        providers to PFSL Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica) and
                              clients, attracting and fostering the best minds in the                      offers a suite of 28 funds designed to address the specific
                              investment industry, maintaining a boutique investment                       needs of Primerica advisors and their clients. Within the
                              approach, having an innovative and future oriented                           strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie’s primary distribution
                              product focus, and being responsible in everything                           relationship is with the head office of the respective bank,
                              we do.                                                                       insurance company or investment company.
                              Our investment management capabilities are delivered                         In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides
                              through a boutique structure, with separate in-house                         investment management services to pension plans,
                              teams having distinct focuses and diverse styles. Our                        foundations and other institutions. We attract new
                              research and portfolio management teams are located                          institutional business through our relationships with
                              in Toronto, Montreal, Winnipeg, Vancouver, Boston,                           pension and management consultants.
                              Dublin and Hong Kong. In addition, our ownership                             Gross sales and redemption activity in strategic alliance
                              interest in Northleaf enhances our investment capabilities                   and institutional accounts can be more pronounced
                              by offering global private equity, private credit and                        than in the retail channel, given the relative size and the
                              infrastructure investment solutions to our clients and our                   nature of the distribution relationships of these accounts.
                              ownership interest in ChinaAMC offers our clients access                     These accounts are also subject to ongoing reviews
                              to Chinese capital markets. We also supplement our                           and rebalance activities which may result in a significant
                              investment capabilities with strategic partners (third party                 change in the level of AUM.
                              sub-advisors) in selected areas. The development of a
                                                                                                           Mackenzie continues to be positioned to build and
                              broad range of investment capabilities and products is a
                                                                                                           enhance our distribution relationships given our team of
                              key strength in supporting the evolving financial needs
                                                                                                           experienced investment professionals, strength of our
                              of investors.
                                                                                                           distribution network, broad product shelf, competitively
                              Our business focuses on three key distribution channels:                     priced products and our focus on client experience and
                              retail, strategic alliances and institutional.                               investment excellence.
                              Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment
                              products through third-party financial advisors. Our                         Investment Management
                              sales teams work with many of the more than 30,000                           Mackenzie has $224.6 billion in AUM at June 30, 2025,
                              independent financial advisors and their firms across                        including $87.4 billion of sub-advisory mandates to the
                              Canada. Our innovative, comprehensive lineup of                              Wealth Management segment.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              investment solutions covers all asset classes and parts of
                                                                                                           We continue to deliver our investment offerings
                              the globe. We offer a range of relevant products and
                                                                                                           through a boutique structure, with separate in-house
                              investment solutions designed to help advisors meet the
                                                                                                           investment teams which each have a distinct focus and
                              evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce
                                                                                                           investment approach. Our investment team currently
                              new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund
                                                                                                           consists of 16 boutiques. This boutique approach
                              offerings to provide enhanced investment solutions.
                                                                                                           promotes diversification of styles and ideas and
                              In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also                  provides Mackenzie with a breadth of capabilities.
                              has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the                   Oversight is conducted through a common process
                              institutional marketplace.                                                   intended to promote superior risk-adjusted returns over
                                                                                                           time. This oversight process focuses on i) identifying


                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 33
                                   C  30                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
and encouraging each team’s performance edge,                                           • Mackenzie Target 2029 North American IG Corporate
ii) promoting best practices in portfolio construction,                                   Bond Fund
and iii) emphasizing risk management.                                                   • Mackenzie US Value Fund
Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf                                          Alternative Funds
enhances its investment capabilities by offering
                                                                                        Mackenzie currently has eight alternative funds, including
global private equity, private credit and infrastructure
                                                                                        four products in collaboration with Northleaf Capital
investment solutions to our clients.
                                                                                        Partners (Northleaf) as part of its ongoing commitment to
In addition to our own investment teams, Mackenzie                                      expand retail investor access to private market investment
supplements investment capabilities through the use                                     solutions.
of third party sub-advisors and strategic beta index
providers in selected areas. These include Putnam                                       Exchange Traded Funds
Investments and ChinaAMC. With the offering of the                                      Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) complement Mackenzie’s
suite of 28 FuturePath Funds for Primerica, the following                               broad and innovative fund line-up and reflect its
third party sub-advisors were added: 1832 Asset                                         investor-focused vision to provide advisors and investors
Management, Addenda, Brandywine, Blackrock, and                                         with new solutions to drive investor outcomes and
T. Rowe Price.                                                                          achieve their personal goals. These ETFs offer investors
                                                                                        another investment option when building long-term
Long-term investment performance is a key measure of
                                                                                        diversified portfolios.
Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At June 30, 2025, 53.2%
of Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in the top                                   During the second quarter of 2025, three ETFs were
two performance quartiles for the one year time frame,                                  launched:
44.4% for the three year time frame and 43.8% for the                                   • Mackenzie AAA CLO ETF
five year time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its fund                                  • Mackenzie Target 2027 North American IG Corporate
performance relative to the ratings it receives on its                                    Bond ETF
mutual funds from the Morningstar† fund ranking service.                                • Mackenzie Target 2029 North American IG Corporate
At June 30, 2025, 86.0% of Mackenzie mutual fund assets                                   Bond ETF
measured by Morningstar† had a rating of three stars or
better and 44.1% had a rating of four or five stars. This                               Mackenzie’s current line-up consists of 49 ETFs: 26 active
compared to the Morningstar† universe of 87.4% for three                                and strategic beta ETFs and 23 traditional index ETFs.
stars or better and 55.8% for four and five star funds at                               ETF AUM ended the quarter at $18.7 billion, inclusive of
June 30, 2025.                                                                          $10.0 billion in investments from IGM managed products.
                                                                                        This ranks Mackenzie in eighth place in the Canadian ETF
Products                                                                                industry for AUM.

Mackenzie continues to evolve its product shelf by
                                                                                        Asset Management AUM
providing enhanced investment solutions for financial
advisors to offer their clients.                                                        AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset
                                                                                        Management segment.
Mutual Funds
                                                                                        The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table 14 and
Mackenzie manages its product shelf through new fund
                                                                                        the changes in investment fund AUM are summarized in
launches and fund mergers to streamline fund offerings




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                        Table 15. Assets managed for the Wealth Management
for advisors and investors. During the second quarter of
                                                                                        segment are included in total AUM.
2025, Mackenzie launched eight mutual funds:
• Mackenzie GQE Canadian Balanced Fund                                                  Asset Management AUM including strategic investments
                                                                                        were $393.4 billion at June 30, 2025, compared to
• Mackenzie GQE Canadian Equity Fund
                                                                                        $331.1 billion at June 30, 2024. Strategic investments AUM
• Mackenzie GQE Global Balanced Fund
                                                                                        is based on the Company’s interest in these companies.
• Mackenzie GQE US Alpha Extension Fund
                                                                                        At June 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s total AUM were
• Mackenzie International All Cap Equity Fund
                                                                                        $224.6 billion, an increase of 11.1% from $202.1 billion
• Mackenzie Target 2027 North American IG Corporate                                     last year. Mackenzie’s total third party AUM were
  Bond Fund                                                                             $137.2 billion, an increase of 11.8% from $122.7 billion last



34 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                     C  31
                              Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                             2025               2025                2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                 Jun. 30             Mar. 31            Jun. 30             Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
                              Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
                               Net sales (redemptions)
                                Mutual funds                                                                           $        (366)      $       (700)      $        (906)             47.7 %     59.6 %
                                ETF net creations                                                                                553                615                 161             (10.1)      N/M
                                Investment funds(1)(2)(3)                                                                        187                (85)               (745)            N/M         N/M
                                Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(4)(5)                                            (322)             3,526                (171)            N/M         (88.3)
                               Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                   (135)              3,441                (916)            N/M         85.3
                               Investment returns                                                                             2,783                  37                 795             N/M         N/M
                               Net change in assets                                                                          2,648               3,478               (121)              (23.9)      N/M
                               Beginning assets                                                                             80,546              77,068             72,887                 4.5       10.5
                               Ending assets                                                                           $    83,194         $    80,546        $    72,766                 3.3 %      14.3 %
                              Mackenzie consolidated AUM
                               Mutual funds                                                                            $ 62,488            $    60,885        $    58,505                 2.6 %       6.8 %
                               ETFs                                                                                       8,683                  7,874              6,250                10.3        38.9
                                Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                      71,171              68,759             64,755                 3.5         9.9
                                Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                              12,023              11,787              8,011                 2.0        50.1
                                                                                                                            83,194              80,546             72,766                 3.3        14.3
                                Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                 54,031              52,951             49,960                 2.0         8.1
                               Third party AUM                                                                             137,225             133,497            122,726                 2.8        11.8
                               Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)                                                 87,352              85,136             79,393                 2.6        10.0
                               Consolidated AUM                                                                        $ 224,577           $ 218,633          $ 202,119                   2.7 %      11.1 %
                              Strategic investments ending AUM
                               ChinaAMC                                                                                $ 150,748           $ 147,077          $ 112,998                   2.5 %      33.4 %
                               Northleaf                                                                                  18,361              18,339             16,308                   0.1        12.6
                               Intra-segment eliminations                                                                   (309)               (398)              (329)                 22.4         6.1
                                                                                                                       $ 168,800           $ 165,018          $ 128,977                   2.3 %      30.9 %
                              Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                                  $ 393,377           $ 383,651          $ 331,096                   2.5 %      18.8 %
                              Mackenzie average total AUM          (6)

                               Third party AUM                                                                         $ 132,675           $ 132,232          $ 122,773                   0.3 %       8.1 %
                               Consolidated                                                                              217,923             217,505            201,757                   0.2         8.0

                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (3) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
                                  redemptions of $144 million.
                              (4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
                                  2025 Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                        Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
                              (5) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
                                  by Mackenzie:
                                  2025 Q2 – $24 million
                              (6) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       35
                                    C  32                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management (continued)
Six months ended                                                                                                                     2025          2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                       Jun. 30       Jun. 30    Change
Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
 Net sales (redemptions)
  Mutual funds                                                                                                                 $   (1,066)   $    (1,432)      25.6 %
  ETF net creations                                                                                                                 1,168            493      136.9
  Investment funds(1)(2)(3)                                                                                                           102          (939)       N/M
  Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(4)(5)                                                                              3,204          (151)       N/M
 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                      3,306         (1,090)      N/M
 Investment returns                                                                                                                 2,820          4,574       (38.3)
 Net change in assets                                                                                                               6,126         3,484        75.8
 Beginning assets                                                                                                                  77,068        69,282        11.2
 Ending assets                                                                                                                 $   83,194    $   72,766        14.3 %
Mackenzie average total AUM           (6)

 Third party AUM                                                                                                               $ 132,493     $ 121,728           8.8 %
 Consolidated                                                                                                                    217,768       200,040           8.9

(1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
(2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
(3) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
    redemptions of $144 million.
(4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
    2025 Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
          Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
(5) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
    by Mackenzie:
    2025 Q2 – $24 million
    2024 Q1 – $177 million
(6) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




year. The change in Mackenzie’s AUM is determined by                                           increased by 6.8% from $58.5 billion at June 30, 2024.
investment returns and net contributions from our clients.                                     Mackenzie’s ETF assets excluding ETFs held within
At June 30, 2025, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥                                                      IGM Financial’s managed products were $8.7 billion at
2,851.2 billion ($542.3 billion) compared to RMB¥                                              June 30, 2025, an increase of 38.9% from $6.3 billion
2,158.5 billion ($406.5 billion) at June 30, 2024, an                                          at June 30, 2024. ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s
increase of 32.1% (CAD 33.4%). Mackenzie holds a 27.8%                                         managed products were $18.7 billion at June 30, 2025
interest in ChinaAMC.                                                                          compared to $14.4 billion at June 30, 2024.

At June 30, 2025, Northleaf’s AUM was $32.8 billion                                            In the three months ended June 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s
compared to $29.1 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase                                        mutual fund gross sales were $2.1 billion, a decrease
of 12.7%. Mackenzie holds a 56% economic interest                                              of 1.8% from last year. Mutual fund redemptions in the
in Northleaf.                                                                                  current quarter were $2.5 billion, a decrease of 19.0%




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                               from last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the
Mackenzie Investments AUM                                                                      three months ended June 30, 2025 were $366 million,
                                                                                               compared to net redemptions of $906 million last year.
Change in AUM – 2025 vs. 2024
                                                                                               In the three months ended June 30, 2025, ETF net
Mackenzie’s total AUM at June 30, 2025 of $224.6 billion,                                      creations were $553 million compared to $161 million
a record high, increased 11.1% from $202.1 billion at                                          last year. Investment fund net sales in the current
June 30, 2024. Third party AUM were $137.2 billion, an                                         quarter were $187 million compared to net redemptions
increase of 11.8% from $122.7 billion at June 30, 2024.                                        of $745 million last year. During the current quarter,
Investment fund AUM were $71.2 billion at June 30, 2025,                                       investment returns resulted in investment fund assets
compared to $64.8 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase                                        increasing by $2.2 billion compared to an increase of
of 9.9%. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM of $62.5 billion                                          $579 million last year.


36 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                C  33
                              Table 15: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                2025              2025                2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                    Jun. 30            Mar. 31            Jun. 30             Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Sales                                                                                      $      2,104        $      2,637       $      2,142              (20.2)%       (1.8)%
                              Redemptions                                                                                       2,470               3,337              3,048              (26.0)      (19.0)
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                 (366)              (700)               (906)             47.7       59.6
                              ETF net creations                                                                                    553                615                 161             (10.1)      N/M
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)(4)                                                    187                 (85)               (745)            N/M         N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                2,225                 151                 579             N/M         N/M
                              Net change in assets                                                                              2,412                 66               (166)              N/M         N/M
                              Beginning assets                                                                                 68,759             68,693             64,921                0.1         5.9
                              Ending assets                                                                              $     71,171        $    68,759        $    64,755                 3.5 %       9.9 %
                              Consists of:
                               Mutual funds                                                                              $ 62,488            $    60,885        $    58,505                 2.6 %       6.8 %
                               ETFs                                                                                         8,683                  7,874              6,250                10.3        38.9
                               Investment funds(4)                                                                       $     71,171        $    68,759        $    64,755                 3.5 %       9.9 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                       $ 68,365            $    69,635        $    64,468                (1.8)%       6.0 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                        2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                          Jun. 30             Jun. 30     Change
                              Sales                                                                                                                             $      4,741        $    4,499          5.4 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                                                              5,807             5,931         (2.1)
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                     (1,066)            (1,432)      25.6
                              ETF net creations                                                                                                                        1,168                493      136.9
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)(4)                                                                                           102              (939)       N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                                                       2,376             3,779        (37.1)
                              Net change in assets                                                                                                                    2,478              2,840        (12.7)
                              Beginning assets                                                                                                                       68,693             61,915         10.9
                              Ending assets                                                                                                                     $     71,171        $   64,755          9.9 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                                                              $ 68,997            $   63,744          8.2 %
                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                              (3) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
                                  redemptions of $144 million.
                              (4) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.




                              Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada                                         in the three months ended June 30, 2025 compared to
                              Life and to the Wealth Management segment for the                                              net redemptions of $916 million last year.
                              three months ended June 30, 2025 were $135 million                                             In the six months ended June 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              compared to net redemptions of $916 million last year.                                         mutual fund gross sales were $4.7 billion, an increase of
                              During the current quarter, investment returns resulted in                                     5.4% from $4.5 billion in 2024. Mutual fund redemptions
                              assets increasing by $2.8 billion compared to an increase                                      in the current period were $5.8 billion, a decrease of
                              of $795 million last year.                                                                     2.1% from last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for
                              During the second quarter of 2025, an institutional                                            the six months ended June 30, 2025 were $1.1 billion,
                              investor redeemed $320 million within products that                                            compared to net redemptions of $1.4 billion in 2024. In
                              Mackenzie sub-advises and the IG Wealth Management                                             the six months ended June 30, 2025, ETF net creations
                              pension plan redeemed $24 million from IG Wealth                                               were $1.2 billion compared to $493 million last year.
                              Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a                                           Investment fund net sales in the current period
                              separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.                                               were $102 million compared to net redemptions
                              Excluding these transactions, net sales were $161 million                                      of $939 million last year. During the current period,

                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       37
                                     C  34                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
investment returns resulted in investment fund assets                                   $184 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025
increasing by $2.4 billion compared to an increase of                                   compared to net redemptions of $1.3 billion last year.
$3.8 billion last year.                                                                 As at June 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to Canada
Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the three and                                  Life were $54.0 billion compared to $50.0 billion at
six months ended June 30, 2025, were $2.4 billion and                                   June 30, 2024.
$5.6 billion, respectively, compared to $3.0 billion and                                As at June 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM
$5.8 billion last year. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly                                to the Wealth Management segment were $87.4 billion
redemption rate for long-term mutual funds was 15.8%                                    or 67.4% of Wealth Management AUM excluding
in the second quarter of 2025, compared to 21.0% in                                     strategic investments compared to $79.4 billion or
the second quarter of 2024. Mackenzie’s twelve month                                    69.2% of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic
trailing redemption rate for long-term mutual funds                                     investments at June 30, 2024.
was 17.7% at June 30, 2025, compared to 19.1% last
year. The corresponding average twelve month trailing                                   Change in AUM – Q2 2025 vs. Q1 2025
redemption rate for long-term mutual funds for all other                                Mackenzie’s total AUM at June 30, 2025 were
members of SIMA was approximately 14.5% at June 30,                                     $224.6 billion, an increase of 2.7% from $218.6 billion at
2025. Mackenzie’s twelve month trailing redemption rate                                 March 31, 2025. Third party AUM were $137.2 billion, an
is comprised of the weighted average redemption rate                                    increase of 2.8% from $133.5 billion at March 31, 2025.
for front-end load assets, deferred sales charge and low                                Investment fund AUM were $71.2 billion at June 30,
load assets with redemption fees, and deferred sales                                    2025, an increase of 3.5% from $68.8 billion at March 31,
charge assets without redemption fees (matured assets).                                 2025. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM were $62.5 billion at
Generally, redemption rates for front-end load assets                                   June 30, 2025, an increase of 2.6% from $60.9 billion at
and matured assets are higher than the redemption                                       March 31, 2025. Mackenzie’s ETF assets were $8.7 billion
rates for deferred sales charge and low load assets with                                at June 30, 2025 compared to $7.9 billion at March 31,
redemption fees.                                                                        2025. ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed
In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which                           products were $18.7 billion at June 30, 2025 compared
includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings                                to $17.0 billion at March 31, 2025.
made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions                                   For the quarter ended June 30, 2025, Mackenzie
of $144 million. Excluding this transaction, mutual fund                                mutual fund gross sales were $2.1 billion, a decrease
redemptions decreased by 4.5% in the six months                                         of 20.2% from the first quarter of 2025. Mutual fund
ended June 30, 2025 compared to last year and mutual                                    redemptions were $2.5 billion, a decrease of 26.0% from
fund net redemptions of $922 million compared to net                                    the first quarter of 2025. Net redemptions of Mackenzie
redemptions of $1.4 billion last year.                                                  mutual funds for the current quarter were $366 million
Total net sales excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life and                               compared to net redemptions of $700 million in the
to the Wealth Management segment for the six months                                     previous quarter.
ended June 30, 2025 were $3.3 billion compared to net                                   In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which
redemptions of $1.1 billion in 2024. During the six month                               includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings
period, investment returns resulted in assets increasing                                made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions
by $2.8 billion compared to an increase of $4.6 billion                                 of $144 million. Excluding this transaction, mutual fund
last year.                                                                              redemptions decreased by 22.6% in the three months




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
During the first quarter of 2025, Mackenzie onboarded                                   ended June 30, 2025 compared to the previous quarter
institutional mandates of $3.6 billion. During the                                      and mutual fund net redemptions of $366 million
first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management                                         compared to net redemptions of $556 million last quarter.
pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth                                       Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in
Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a                                    the current quarter were $2.4 billion, compared to
separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.                                        $3.2 billion in the first quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized
Excluding these transactions and the transactions that                                  quarterly redemption rate for long-term mutual funds
occurred in the second quarter, as well as the mutual                                   for the current quarter was 15.8% compared to 21.1%
fund allocation change described above, net sales were                                  in the first quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly
                                                                                        redemption rate for long-term mutual funds excluding


38   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  35
                              fund allocation changes made by third party programs                      As at June 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to Canada
                              was 20.2% in the first quarter of 2025.                                   Life were $54.0 billion compared to $53.0 billion at
                              For the quarter ended June 30, 2025, Mackenzie ETF net                    March 31, 2025.
                              creations were $553 million compared to $615 million in                   As at June 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM
                              the first quarter.                                                        to the Wealth Management segment were $87.4 billion
                              Investment fund net sales in the current quarter were                     or 67.4% of Wealth Management AUM excluding
                              $187 million compared to net redemptions of $85 million                   strategic investments compared to $85.1 billion or
                              in the first quarter.                                                     68.3% of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic
                                                                                                        investments at March 31, 2025.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 39
                                  C  36                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings                                           of 3.4% from the second quarter in 2024 and an increase
are presented in Table 16 and include the operations                                           of 8.7% from the prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before
of Mackenzie Investments and earnings related to                                               interest and taxes for the six months ended June 30, 2025
strategic investments.                                                                         were $163.0 million, a decrease of 2.0% from 2024.

Mackenzie Investments                                                                          2025 vs. 2024
                                                                                               Revenues
Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are
presented in Table 17. Adjusted net earnings for the                                           Asset management fees are classified as either Asset
second quarter of 2025 were $57.8 million, an increase                                         management fees – third party or Asset management
of 3.4% from the second quarter in 2024 and an increase                                        fees – Wealth Management.
of 9.9% from the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings for                                      • Net asset management fees – third party is comprised
the six months ended June 30, 2025 were $110.4 million,                                          of the following:
a decrease of 2.5% from 2024.                                                                     - Asset management fees – third party consists of
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the                                                 management and administration fees earned from
second quarter of 2025 were $84.9 million, an increase                                              our investment funds and management fees from




Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                             Change
Three months ended                                                                                 2025               2025             2024      2025          2024
($ millions)                                                                                     Jun. 30             Mar. 31         Jun. 30    Mar. 31      Jun. 30
 Revenues
  Asset management
   Asset management fees – third party                                                       $      247.8        $      252.1    $    241.5         (1.7)%        2.6 %
   Redemption fees                                                                                    0.4                 0.5           0.9       (20.0)        (55.6)
                                                                                                    248.2               252.6         242.4        (1.7)         2.4
  Dealer compensation expenses
   Asset-based compensation                                                                          (80.9)             (83.7)         (80.2)      (3.3)         0.9
  Net asset management fees – third party                                                           167.3               168.9         162.2        (0.9)         3.1
  Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                          31.9                31.8          29.1         0.3          9.6
  Net asset management                                                                              199.2               200.7         191.3       (0.7)          4.1
  Net investment income and other                                                                     5.0                 1.5           3.2      233.3          56.3
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                        39.0                39.0          33.6          –          16.1
                                                                                                    243.2               241.2         228.1         0.8          6.6
 Expenses
  Advisory and business development                                                                   21.4               26.2           21.4      (18.3)           –




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  Operations and support                                                                              96.8               97.1           90.8        (0.3)        6.6
  Sub-advisory                                                                                         1.4                1.4            1.4           –           –
                                                                                                    119.6               124.7         113.6        (4.1)         5.3
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                      123.6               116.5         114.5         6.1           7.9
Interest expense                                                                                      6.4                 6.5           6.5        (1.5)         (1.5)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                            117.2               110.0         108.0         6.5          8.5
Income taxes                                                                                         23.6                21.8          22.1         8.3          6.8
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                              93.6               88.2           85.9        6.1          9.0
Non-controlling interest                                                                               1.9                1.7            1.1       11.8         72.7
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                    $        91.7       $       86.5    $      84.8        6.0 %        8.1 %
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


40 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                 C  37
                              Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management (continued)
                              Six months ended                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                       Jun. 30             Jun. 30    Change
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                Asset management fees – third party                                                                                          $      499.9        $    479.7         4.2 %
                                Redemption fees                                                                                                                       0.9               1.5       (40.0)
                                                                                                                                                                    500.8             481.2         4.1
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                                                           (164.6)            (159.5)       3.2
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                              336.2             321.7         4.5
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                             63.7              58.2         9.5
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                 399.9             379.9         5.3
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                        6.5               9.7       (33.0)
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                           78.0              67.6        15.4
                                                                                                                                                                    484.4             457.2         5.9
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                                                      47.6             42.8       11.2
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                193.9            179.3        8.1
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                            2.8              2.7        3.7
                                                                                                                                                                    244.3             224.8         8.7
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                        240.1             232.4         3.3
                              Interest expense                                                                                                                       12.9              13.0        (0.8)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                               227.2            219.4         3.6
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                            45.4             45.3         0.2
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                              181.8             174.1        4.4
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                3.6               2.5       44.0
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                      $      178.2        $    171.6         3.8 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                  our third party sub-advisory, institutional and other                                      the first year and decrease to zero after seven years.
                                  accounts. The largest component is management                                              Redemption fees for low load assets range from 2.0%
                                  fees from our investment funds. The amount of                                              to 3.0% in the first year and decrease to zero after two
                                  management fees depends on the level and                                                   or three years, depending on the purchase option.
                                  composition of AUM. Management fee rates vary                                            - Dealer compensation expenses – consists of asset-
                                  depending on the investment objective and the                                              based and sales-based compensation. Asset-based
                                  account type of the underlying AUM. For example,                                           compensation represents trailing commissions paid
                                  equity-based mandates have higher management                                               to dealers on certain classes of retail mutual funds




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  fee rates than exchange traded funds, fixed income                                         and are calculated as a percentage of mutual fund
                                  mandates and retail mutual fund accounts have                                              AUM. These fees vary depending on the fund type
                                  higher management fee rates than sub-advised and                                           and the purchase option upon which the fund was
                                  institutional accounts. The majority of Mackenzie’s                                        sold: front-end, deferred sales charge or low load.
                                  mutual fund assets are retail and sold through third                                       Sales-based compensation are paid to dealers on the
                                  party financial advisors.                                                                  sale of mutual funds under the deferred sales charge
                                - Redemption fees – consists of fees earned from                                             purchase option and on a low load purchase option.
                                  the redemptions of mutual fund assets sold on a                                            Mackenzie stopped selling deferred sales charge
                                  deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low                                         purchase options and low load purchase options as of
                                  load purchase option. Redemption fees charged                                              June 1, 2022, in accordance with regulatory changes.
                                  for deferred sales charge assets range from 5.5% in


                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      41
                                    C  38                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 17: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments
                                                                                                                                                                 Change
Three months ended                                                                                 2025               2025             2024          2025          2024
($ millions)                                                                                     Jun. 30             Mar. 31         Jun. 30        Mar. 31      Jun. 30
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                                        $      247.8        $      252.1    $    241.5             (1.7)%        2.6 %
  Redemption fees                                                                                     0.4                 0.5           0.9           (20.0)        (55.6)
                                                                                                    248.2               252.6         242.4            (1.7)          2.4
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                                           (80.9)             (83.7)         (80.2)          (3.3)          0.9
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                            167.3               168.9         162.2            (0.9)          3.1
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                           31.9                31.8          29.1             0.3           9.6
 Net asset management                                                                               199.2               200.7         191.3           (0.7)          4.1
 Net investment income and other                                                                      5.0                 1.5           4.0          233.3          25.0
                                                                                                    204.2               202.2         195.3             1.0           4.6
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                    21.4               26.2           21.4          (18.3)            –
 Operations and support                                                                               96.5               96.5           90.4              –           6.7
 Sub-advisory                                                                                          1.4                1.4            1.4              –             –
                                                                                                    119.3               124.1         113.2            (3.9)          5.4
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                        84.9               78.1           82.1            8.7           3.4
Interest expense                                                                                       6.4                6.5            6.5           (1.5)         (1.5)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                              78.5               71.6           75.6            9.6           3.8
Income taxes                                                                                          20.7               19.0           19.7            8.9           5.1
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                     $        57.8       $       52.6    $      55.9            9.9 %         3.4 %

Six months ended                                                                                                                       2025           2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                         Jun. 30        Jun. 30      Change
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                                                                            $     499.9    $    479.7            4.2 %
  Redemption fees                                                                                                                        0.9           1.5          (40.0)
                                                                                                                                      500.8          481.2            4.1
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                                            (164.6)        (159.5)          3.2
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                              336.2          321.7            4.5
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                             63.7           58.2            9.5
 Net asset management                                                                                                                  399.9         379.9            5.3
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                         6.5          10.5          (38.1)




                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                      406.4          390.4            4.1
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                                                     47.6           42.8          11.2
 Operations and support                                                                                                               193.0          178.5           8.1
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                           2.8            2.7           3.7
                                                                                                                                      243.4          224.0            8.7
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                        163.0          166.4           (2.0)
Interest expense                                                                                                                       12.9           13.0           (0.8)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                              150.1          153.4           (2.2)
Income taxes                                                                                                                           39.7           40.2           (1.2)
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                         $    110.4     $    113.2           (2.5)%
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


42 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     C  39
                              • Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                  was $6.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025
                                consists of sub-advisory fees earned from the Wealth                       compared to $10.5 million last year.
                                Management segment.
                                                                                                           Expenses
                              Net asset management fees – third party were                                 Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development
                              $167.3 million for the three months ended June 30, 2025,                     expenses that primarily include wholesale distribution
                              an increase of $5.1 million or 3.1% from $162.2 million last                 activities and these costs vary directly with assets or sales
                              year. The increase in net asset management fees – third                      levels. Advisory and business development expenses
                              party was primarily due to an 8.1% increase in average                       were $21.4 million for the three months ended June 30,
                              AUM, as shown in Table 14, partially offset by a decrease                    2025, consistent with 2024. Expenses for the six months
                              in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net                        ended June 30, 2025 were $47.6 million, an increase of
                              asset management fee rate was 50.6 basis points for                          $4.8 million or 11.2% from $42.8 million last year. The
                              the three months ended June 30, 2025, compared to                            increase in the six month period was primarily attributed
                              53.0 basis points in the comparative period in 2024.                         to the timing of product, marketing and distribution
                              The decrease in rate was driven by a change in the                           expenses, which includes product launches in the
                              composition of AUM.                                                          second quarter.
                              Net asset management fees – third party were                                 Operations and support includes costs associated with
                              $336.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025,                       business operations, including technology and business
                              an increase of $14.5 million or 4.5% from $321.7 million                     processes, in-house investment management and
                              last year. The increase in net asset management fees                         product shelf management, corporate management
                              – third party was due to an 8.8% increase in average                         and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect
                              AUM, as shown in Table 14, partially offset by a decrease                    compensation, technology and other service provider
                              in the net management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset                        expenses. Operations and support expenses were
                              management fee rate was 51.2 basis points for the six                        $96.5 million for the three months ended June 30, 2025,
                              months ended June 30, 2025, compared to 53.1 basis                           an increase of $6.1 million or 6.7% from $90.4 million in
                              points in the comparative period in 2024. The decrease in                    2024. Expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2025
                              rate was driven by a change in the composition of AUM.                       were $193.0 million, an increase of $14.5 million or 8.1%
                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                               from $178.5 million last year.
                              $31.9 million for the three months ended June 30, 2025,                      Sub-advisory expenses were $1.4 million for the three
                              an increase of $2.8 million or 9.6% from $29.1 million last                  months ended June 30, 2025, unchanged from 2024.
                              year. The increase in management fees was primarily                          Expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2025 were
                              due to a 7.9% increase in average AUM. Mackenzie’s                           $2.8 million, compared to $2.7 million last year.
                              management fee rate was 15.0 basis points for the three
                              months ended June 30, 2025, compared to 14.8 basis                           Interest Expense
                              points from the comparative period in 2024.                                  Interest expense, which includes allocated interest
                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                               expense on long-term debt and interest expense on
                              $63.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, an                     leases, totalled $6.4 million in the second quarter of
                              increase of $5.5 million or 9.5% from $58.2 million last                     2025, compared to $6.5 million in the comparative
                              year. The increase in management fees was primarily                          period in 2024. Interest expense for the six month period
                              due to an 8.9% increase in average AUM. Mackenzie’s                          was $12.9 million compared to $13.0 million in 2024.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              management fee rate was 15.1 basis points for the six                        Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based
                              months ended June 30, 2025, compared to 14.9 basis                           on an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-term debt of
                              points in the comparative period in 2024.                                    $450 million to Mackenzie.

                              Net investment income and other primarily includes                           Q2 2025 vs. Q1 2025
                              investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments
                                                                                                           Revenues
                              in proprietary funds. These investments are generally
                                                                                                           Net asset management fees – third party were
                              made in the process of launching a fund and are sold as
                                                                                                           $167.3 million for the current quarter, a decrease of
                              third party investors subscribe. Net investment income
                                                                                                           $1.6 million or 0.9% from $168.9 million in the first quarter
                              and other was $5.0 million for the three months ended
                                                                                                           of 2025. Factors contributing to the net decrease were:
                              June 30, 2025 compared to $4.0 million last year, and


                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 43
                                   C  40                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
• Net asset management fee rate was 50.6 basis points                                   Asset Management Strategic Investments
  for the current quarter compared to 51.8 basis points
                                                                                        Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted
  in the first quarter. The decline in rate was primarily
                                                                                        net earnings are presented within Table 18. Adjusted
  driven by a change in the composition of AUM,
                                                                                        net earnings for the second quarter of 2025 were
  including the impact of having a greater share in
                                                                                        $33.9 million, compared to $28.9 million in 2024 and
  non-retail priced products. Contributing to the increase
                                                                                        $33.9 million in the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings
  in non-retail assets was the impact of a full quarter
                                                                                        for the six months ended were $67.8 million, compared
  of the $3.6 billion of institutional mandates that were
                                                                                        to $58.4 million in 2024.
  onboarded during the first quarter of 2025 and higher
  AUM through our partnerships with Wealthsimple and                                    The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists
  Primerica in the current quarter.                                                     of equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
• There was one additional calendar day in the second                                   The Company’s share of ChinaAMC’s earnings were
  quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter, which                                  $29.7 million in the second quarter of 2025 compared to
  resulted in an increase of management fees of                                         $28.3 million in the comparable period in 2024, and were
  $1.8 million.                                                                         $60.3 million in the six month period of 2025, compared
• Average AUM were $132.7 billion in the current                                        to $55.2 million in 2024.
  quarter, an increase of 0.3% from the prior quarter.                                  The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were
Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                                          $9.3 million in the second quarter of 2025 compared to
$31.9 million, an increase of 0.3% from $31.8 million in the                            $5.3 million in the comparable period in 2024, and were
first quarter.                                                                          $17.7 million in the six month period of 2025, compared
Net investment income and other was $5.0 million for                                    to $12.4 million in 2024. This is offset by non-controlling
the current quarter, compared to $1.5 million in the                                    interest as reflected in the table.
first quarter.

Expenses
Advisory and business development expenses were
$21.4 million for the current quarter, compared to
$26.2 million in the first quarter.
Operations and support expenses were $96.5 million for
the current quarter, unchanged from the first quarter.
Sub-advisory expenses were $1.4 million for the current
quarter, unchanged from the first quarter.




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




44 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                     C  41
                              Table 18: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                              Three months ended                                                                            2025               2025                2024               2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Jun. 30             Mar. 31            Jun. 30             Mar. 31    Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                        $            –      $            –     $         (0.8)               –%    100.0 %
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                       29.7                30.6               28.3              (2.9)       4.9
                                Northleaf                                                                                       9.3                 8.4                5.3              10.7       75.5
                                                                                                                               39.0                39.0               33.6                 –       16.1
                                                                                                                               39.0                39.0               32.8                 –       18.9
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                            0.3                0.6                 0.4            (50.0)     (25.0)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                         38.7                38.4               32.4               0.8       19.4
                              Income taxes                                                                                      2.9                 2.8                2.4               3.6       20.8
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                         35.8                35.6               30.0               0.6       19.3
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                          1.9                 1.7                1.1              11.8       72.7
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                               $        33.9       $        33.9      $        28.9                 –%      17.3 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                       Jun. 30             Jun. 30    Change
                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                               $            –      $      (0.8)    100.0 %
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                                                              60.3              55.2        9.2
                                Northleaf                                                                                                                             17.7              12.4       42.7
                                                                                                                                                                      78.0              67.6       15.4
                                                                                                                                                                      78.0              66.8       16.8
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                   0.9              0.8       12.5
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                77.1              66.0       16.8
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                             5.7               5.1       11.8
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                71.4              60.9       17.2
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                 3.6               2.5       44.0
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                      $        67.8       $      58.4       16.1 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      45
                                    C  42                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Corporate and Other
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Corporate and Other segment includes the                                             Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings are
Company’s investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures                                     presented in Table 20.
LPs (Portage), and unallocated capital.
Adjusted earnings from the Corporate and Other                                           2025 vs. 2024
segment include the Company’s proportionate share of                                     The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings was
Lifeco’s base earnings, an alternate measure Lifeco uses                                 $27.5 million, an increase of $3.0 million in the second
to understand the underlying business performance                                        quarter of 2025 compared to the second quarter of 2024,
compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s financial                                        and were $52.0 million for the six month period of 2025,
information can be obtained in its disclosure materials                                  compared to $48.4 million in 2024. The proportionate
filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Net investment income on                                      share of Lifeco’s net earnings was $21.5 million, a
unallocated capital and consolidation elimination entries                                decrease of $2.1 million in the second quarter of 2025
are also included in this segment.                                                       compared to the second quarter of 2024, and were
                                                                                         $42.0 million for the six month period of 2025, a decrease
At June 30, 2025, the Company held a 2.4% equity
                                                                                         of $4.4 million compared to last year. These earnings
interest in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled
                                                                                         reflect the proportionate share of equity earnings from
by Power.
                                                                                         Lifeco, as discussed in the Consolidated Financial Position
Portage consists of early-stage investment funds                                         section of this MD&A.
dedicated to backing innovating financial services
                                                                                         Net investment income and other was $4.5 million in
companies and are controlled by Power.
                                                                                         the second quarter of 2025, an increase of $0.4 million
In addition to Lifeco and other investments held by                                      from $4.1 million in 2024. For the six month period,
the Company, the Corporate and Other segment                                             net investment income and other was $8.7 million, an
includes unallocated capital which totalled $610.3 million                               increase of $0.8 million from $7.9 million in 2024.
at June 30, 2025 compared to $531.3 million at
December 31, 2024, as detailed in Table 19.                                              Q2 2025 vs. Q1 2025
Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to                                  The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings
any of the operating companies and which would be                                        was $27.5 million in the second quarter of 2025, an
available for investment, debt repayment, distribution                                   increase of $3.0 million from the first quarter of 2025.
to shareholders or other corporate purposes. This                                        The proportionate share of Lifeco’s net earnings was
capital is invested in highly liquid, high quality financial                             $21.5 million, an increase of $1.0 million from the first
instruments in accordance with the Company’s                                             quarter of 2025.
Investment Policy.




                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 19: Total Assets – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                       2025        2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                         Jun. 30     Dec. 31
Investments in associate
 Lifeco                                                                                                                          $    666.5 $      633.5
FVTOCI investments
 Portage and other investments                                                                                                        167.8        151.6
Unallocated capital                                                                                                                   610.3        531.3
Total assets                                                                                                                     $ 1,444.6 $ 1,316.4
Lifeco fair value                                                                                                                $ 1,144.9 $ 1,053.9


46 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  43
                              Table 20: Operating Results – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                            2025               2025                2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Jun. 30             Mar. 31            Jun. 30             Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                      $         (3.6)     $        (3.3)     $         (2.3)            (9.1)%     (56.5)%
                               Asset management                                                                               (26.3)              (26.5)             (25.7)              0.8        (2.3)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                     (1.4)                (1.4)              (0.9)               –        55.6
                               Net asset management                                                                           (27.7)              (27.9)             (26.6)              0.7        (4.1)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                  4.5                 4.2                4.1               7.1         9.8
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                   27.5                24.5               24.5              12.2        12.2
                                                                                                                                 0.7               (2.5)               (0.3)           N/M         N/M
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                           0.9                 0.8                0.8              12.5        12.5
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                   (31.3)              (31.2)             (28.8)             (0.3)       (8.7)
                                                                                                                              (30.4)              (30.4)             (28.0)                –        (8.6)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                               31.1                27.9               27.7              11.5        12.3
                              Income taxes                                                                                      0.9                 0.9                0.8                 –        12.5
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $        30.2       $        27.0      $        26.9              11.9 %      12.3 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                       Jun. 30             Jun. 30     Change
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                                                             $         (6.9)     $      (4.2)      (64.3)%
                               Asset management                                                                                                                      (52.8)            (51.7)       (2.1)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                            (2.8)              (1.7)      64.7
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                  (55.6)            (53.4)       (4.1)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                         8.7               7.9        10.1
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                                                          52.0              48.4         7.4
                                                                                                                                                                       (1.8)            (1.3)      (38.5)
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                  1.7               1.2        41.7
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                          (62.5)            (57.6)       (8.5)
                                                                                                                                                                     (60.8)            (56.4)       (7.8)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                59.0              55.1         7.1
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                             1.8               1.7         5.9
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                       $        57.2       $      53.4         7.1 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       47
                                    C  44                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
IGM Financial Inc.
Consolidated Financial Position
IGM Financial’s total assets were $20.2 billion at June 30,                               to $1,219 million at December 31, 2024. The increase in
2025, compared to $20.7 billion at December 31, 2024.                                     fair value considers the increase in public market peer
                                                                                          valuations, Wealthsimple’s business performance and
Other Investments                                                                         revised revenue expectations, as well as recent third party
                                                                                          secondary transactions. Fair value is determined by using
The composition of the Company’s securities holdings is
                                                                                          observable transactions in the investments’ securities
detailed in Table 21.
                                                                                          where available, discounted cash flows, and other
                                                                                          valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in the
Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                          valuation of comparable public companies.
(FVTOCI)
                                                                                          Wealthsimple’s total assets under administration were
Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded in
                                                                                          $84.5 billion at June 30, 2025, representing an increase
Other comprehensive income.
                                                                                          of 32.0% from $64.0 billion at December 31, 2024.
Corporate Investments
Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the                                       Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
Company’s investments in Wealthsimple and Portage                                         Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities
and are recorded at FVTOCI.                                                               and proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are
The total fair value of Corporate investments was                                         recorded in Net investment income and other in the
$1,611.5 million at June 30, 2025 compared to                                             Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
$1,350.4 million at December 31, 2024, and is presented                                   Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated
net of certain costs incurred within the limited partnership                              where the Company has made the assessment that it
structures holding the underlying investments.                                            controls the investment fund. The underlying securities
Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                                                              of these funds are classified as FVTPL.
Wealthsimple is a financial company that provides simple
digital tools for growing and managing client money.                                      Loans
The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily                                     The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed in
held through a limited partnership controlled by Power.                                   Table 22.
The investment is classified at FVTOCI. IGM Financial
                                                                                          Loans consisted of residential mortgages, which include
Inc. holds a 26.7% economic interest in Wealthsimple
                                                                                          HELOCs, and represented 26.8% of total assets at June 30,
(December 31, 2024 – 27.2%).
                                                                                          2025, compared to 26.4% at December 31, 2024.
At June 30, 2025, the fair value of the Company’s
investment in Wealthsimple was $1,476 million, compared




                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 21: Other Investments
                                                                                                                             June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                      Fair                      Fair
($ millions)                                                                                                              Cost      Value          Cost       Value
Fair value through other comprehensive income
 Corporate investments                                                                                         $      293.0      $ 1,611.5   $    289.9   $ 1,350.4
Fair value through profit or loss
 Equity securities                                                                                                      1.8            2.1          1.8         2.0
 Proprietary investment funds                                                                                         127.9          140.5        107.8       116.1
                                                                                                                      129.7          142.6        109.6       118.1
                                                                                                               $      422.7      $ 1,754.1   $    399.5   $ 1,468.5


48 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                   C  45
                              Table 22: Loans
                                                                                                                                                                                  2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                      Jun. 30     Dec. 31
                              Amortized cost                                                                                                                                $   5,366.6 $   5,463.2
                              Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                                 (0.8)       (0.8)
                                                                                                                                                                                5,365.8     5,462.4
                              Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                    39.7           –
                                                                                                                                                                            $   5,405.5 $   5,462.4




                              Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily                                   risk and certain elements of credit risk associated with the
                              comprised of residential mortgages sold to securitization                        Company’s securitization transactions through the CMB
                              programs sponsored by third parties that in turn issue                           and ABCP programs, they are accounted for as secured
                              securities to investors. An offsetting liability, Obligations                    borrowings. The Company records the transactions
                              to securitization entities, has been recorded and                                under these programs as follows: i) the mortgages
                              totalled $5.0 billion at June 30, 2025, unchanged from                           and related obligations are carried at amortized cost,
                              December 31, 2024.                                                               with interest income and interest expense, utilizing
                              The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization.                          the effective interest rate method, recorded over the
                              Loans measured at FVTPL are residential mortgages                                term of the mortgages, ii) the component of swaps
                              held temporarily by the Company pending sale. Loans                              entered into under the CMB Program whereby the
                              held for securitization are carried at amortized cost.                           Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds
                              Total loans being held pending sale or securitization                            and receives investment returns on the reinvestment of
                              are $498.9 million at June 30, 2025, compared to                                 repaid mortgage principal, are recorded at fair value,
                              $405.7 million at December 31, 2024.                                             and iii) cash reserves held under the ABCP program are
                                                                                                               carried at amortized cost.
                              Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth
                              Management are funded primarily through sales to                                 In the second quarter of 2025, the Company securitized
                              third parties on a fully serviced basis, including Canada                        loans through its mortgage banking operations with cash
                              Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) or Canadian                              proceeds of $357.1 million compared to $257.0 million in
                              bank sponsored securitization programs. At June 30,                              2024. Additional information related to the Company’s
                              2025, IG Wealth Management serviced $6.9 billion of                              securitization activities, including the Company’s hedges
                              residential mortgages.                                                           of related reinvestment and interest rate risk, can be
                                                                                                               found in the Financial Risk section of this MD&A and in
                                                                                                               Note 6 to the Interim Financial Statements.
                              Securitization Arrangements
                              Through the Company’s mortgage banking operations,                               Investment in Associates
                              residential mortgages are sold to securitization trusts
                              sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to                      The Company uses the equity method to account
                              investors. The Company securitizes residential mortgages                         for its investments in associates, which include Great-
                              through the CMHC sponsored National Housing Act                                  West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China Asset Management




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) and the                                     Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management
                              Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through                                   (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                              Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial                                  (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence. Changes
                              paper (ABCP) programs. The Company retains servicing                             in the carrying values for the three and six months ended
                              responsibilities and certain elements of credit risk and                         June 30, 2025 compared to 2024 are shown in Table 23.
                              prepayment risk associated with the transferred assets.
                              The Company’s credit risk on its securitized mortgages
                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                              is partially mitigated through the use of insurance.                             At June 30, 2025, the Company held a 2.4% equity
                              Derecognition of financial assets in accordance with                             interest in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled
                              IFRS is based on the transfer of risks and rewards of                            by Power.
                              ownership. As the Company has retained prepayment


                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     49
                                    C  46                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 23: Investment in Associates
                                                                                            June 30, 2025                                                                      June 30, 2024
($ millions)               Lifeco ChinaAMC Rockefeller               Northleaf          Other          Total        Lifeco ChinaAMC Rockefeller            Northleaf        Other         Total
Three months ended
Carrying value,
April 1                $   656.8      $ 2,003.0      $    897.7      $    369.6     $    60.0    $ 3,987.1      $   598.2     $ 1,843.0       $   859.5    $   301.0    $    37.3     $ 3,639.0
 Additions                     –                –              –           50.0              –         50.0              –              –            –            –          10.0          10.0
 Dividends                  (13.5)              –              –              –              –         (13.5)        (12.3)             –            –            –             –         (12.3)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)           21.5             29.7           (0.7)            9.3           0.3         60.1           23.6           28.3          (6.1)         5.3          0.4          51.5
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments          1.7           (80.8)         (46.0)              –             –       (125.1)          (0.1)           9.5           8.8           –             –          18.2
Carrying value,
June 30                $   666.5      $ 1,951.9      $    851.0      $    428.9     $    60.3    $ 3,958.6      $   609.4     $ 1,880.8       $   862.2    $   306.3    $    47.7     $ 3,706.4
Six months ended
Carrying value,
January 1              $   633.5      $ 2,030.1      $    903.2      $    353.5     $    59.4    $ 3,979.7      $   589.3     $ 1,885.3       $   844.8    $   301.8    $    38.0     $ 3,659.2
 Additions                     –                –              –           61.0              –         61.0              –              –           0.1           –          10.0          10.1
 Dividends                  (27.0)          (66.0)             –              –              –         (93.0)        (24.6)          (73.0)          –          (7.9)           –        (105.5)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)           42.0             60.3           (5.0)          17.7            0.9        115.9           46.4           55.2         (10.5)        12.4          (0.3)      103.2
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments        18.0            (72.5)         (47.2)           (3.3)            –       (105.0)          (1.7)          13.3          27.8           –             –          39.4
Carrying value,
June 30                $   666.5      $ 1,951.9      $    851.0      $    428.9     $    60.3    $ 3,958.6      $   609.4     $ 1,880.8       $   862.2    $   306.3    $    47.7     $ 3,706.4

(1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in either the Wealth Management, Asset Management or Corporate
    and Other segment. The proportionate share of Lifeco earnings includes Lifeco other items of ($6.0) million and ($10.0) million, respectively, for the three and
    six month periods of 2025 compared to ($0.9) million and ($2.0) million, respectively, in 2024. The proportionate share of Rockefeller includes Rockefeller debt
    refinancing of ($3.3) million for the three and six month periods of 2024.
(2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of non-controlling interest, was $7.4 million and $14.1 million, respectively, for the three and six
    month periods of 2025 compared to $4.2 million and $9.9 million, respectively, in 2024.




China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                                                     Rockefeller Capital Management
At June 30, 2025, the Company held a 27.8% equity                                                    At June 30, 2025, the Company held a 20.5% equity interest
interest in ChinaAMC. The change in Other comprehensive                                              in Rockefeller. The change in Other comprehensive
income of negative $80.8 million in the three months                                                 income of negative $46.0 million in the three months
ended June 30, 2025, was due to a 4.2% depreciation of                                               ended June 30, 2025, was due to a 5.6% depreciation
the Chinese yuan relative to the Canadian dollar.                                                    of the US dollar relative to the Canadian dollar.
ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding                                                  Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $170.8 billion




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥                                                        ($232.7 billion) at June 30, 2025, representing an
2,851.2 billion ($542.3 billion) at June 30, 2025,                                                   increase of 13.0% (CAD 6.9%) from USD $151.2 billion
representing an increase of 15.7% (CAD 11.5%) from                                                   ($217.7 billion) at December 31, 2024.
RMB¥ 2,464.5 billion ($486.2 billion) at December 31,
2024. Investment fund net flows, which exclude subsidiary                                            Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
and institutional assets under management, were RMB¥                                                 At June 30, 2025, the Company held a 49.9% voting
153.2 billion and RMB¥ 254.7 billion for the three and six                                           interest and a 56% economic interest in Northleaf, net
month periods ended June 30, 2025, respectively (net                                                 of Lifeco’s Non-controlling interest.
flows obtained from Wind Information Co., Ltd.).
                                                                                                     Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to
                                                                                                     purchase the remaining equity and voting interest in


50 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                               C  47
                              Northleaf beginning in the fourth quarter of 2025, and                            of the Company’s investment in Northleaf, of which
                              extending into future periods.                                                    $10.0 million was attributable to Non-controlling interest.
                              Additional consideration of up to $245.0 million may                              Northleaf’s assets under management, including
                              be payable in the fourth quarter of 2025, subject to                              invested capital and uninvested commitments, were
                              Northleaf achieving exceptional growth in certain                                 $32.8 billion as at June 30, 2025, representing an increase
                              performance measures. As at June 30, 2025, the                                    of $0.8 billion or 2.5% from $32.0 billion at December 31,
                              estimated fair value of the additional consideration                              2024. The increase during the six month period was
                              was $101.0 million (December 31, 2024 – $40.0 million).                           driven by $2.8 billion in new commitments, offset in
                              The change in fair value of $50.0 million during the                              part by a decrease of $0.6 billion related to return of
                              quarter was recorded as an adjustment to the cost                                 capital and a decrease of $1.4 billion related to foreign
                                                                                                                exchange on USD denominated assets.




                              Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
                              Liquidity                                                                         Working capital, which includes unallocated capital, is
                                                                                                                utilized to:
                              Cash and cash equivalents totalled $830.7 million
                              at June 30, 2025 compared to $910.3 million at                                    • Finance ongoing operations, including the funding
                              December 31, 2024 and $454.2 million at June 30, 2024.                              of sales commissions.
                                                                                                                • Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage
                              Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held
                                                                                                                  banking operations.
                              by clients within their investment accounts and with the
                              offset included in Client deposits.                                               • Pay interest related to long-term debt.
                                                                                                                • Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.
                              Working capital, which consists of current assets less
                                                                                                                • Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding common
                              current liabilities, totalled $656.5 million at June 30, 2025,
                                                                                                                  shares.
                              compared to $605.1 million at December 31, 2024 and
                              $365.2 million at June 30, 2024 (Table 24).                                       • Finance common share repurchases and retirement
                                                                                                                  of long-term debt.
                                                                                                                • Capital investment in the business and business
                                                                                                                  acquisitions.




                              Table 24: Working Capital
                                                                                                                                                               2025                2024          2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                   Jun. 30             Dec. 31       Jun. 30
                              Current assets




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 $     830.7         $     910.3   $     454.2
                               Client funds on deposit                                                                                                       2,942.2             3,723.7       3,000.8
                               Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                            505.0               364.7         453.1
                               Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                            1,468.8             1,307.1       1,028.4
                                                                                                                                                             5,746.7             6,305.8       4,936.5
                              Current liabilities
                               Accounts and other payables                                                                                                     787.2               797.1         685.5
                               Client deposits                                                                                                               2,923.0             3,702.5       2,977.3
                               Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                           1,380.0             1,201.1         908.5
                                                                                                                                                             5,090.2             5,700.7       4,571.3
                              Working capital                                                                                                            $      656.5        $     605.1   $    365.2


                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                        51
                                    C  48                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash                                     Cash Flows
flows from its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes,
                                                                                         Table 25 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated
depreciation and amortization before sales commissions
                                                                                         Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the
(EBITDA before sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure
                                                                                         Interim Financial Statements for the three and six month
(see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial
                                                                                         periods ended June 30, 2025. Cash and cash equivalents
Measures), totalled $410.9 million for the second quarter
                                                                                         increased by $58.5 million in the second quarter of
of 2025 compared to $365.4 million for the second
                                                                                         2025 compared to a decrease of $45.9 million in 2024.
quarter of 2024 and $393.6 million for the first quarter
                                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2025, cash and cash
of 2025. For the six months ended June 30, 2025,
                                                                                         equivalents decreased by $79.6 million, compared to a
EBITDA before sales commissions totalled $804.5 million
                                                                                         decrease of $90.4 million in 2024.
compared to $739.9 million for the comparative period
of 2024. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes                                        Adjustments to determine net cash from operating
the impact of both commissions paid and commission                                       activities during the three and six month periods of
amortization (Table 1).                                                                  2025 compared to 2024 consist of non-cash operating
                                                                                         activities offset by cash operating activities:
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
                                                                                         • Add-back of amortization of capitalized sales
amortization after sales commissions (EBITDA after
                                                                                           commissions offset by the deduction of capitalized
sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS
                                                                                           sales commissions paid.
Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures),
totalled $383.5 million in the second quarter of 2025                                    • Add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and
compared to $333.3 million in the second quarter of                                        other assets.
2024 and $359.4 million in the first quarter of 2025.                                    • Deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings
For the six months ended June 30, 2025, EBITDA after                                       offset by dividends received.
sales commissions totalled $742.9 million compared                                       • Add-back of pension and other post-employment
to $674.6 million for the comparative period of 2024.                                      benefits offset by cash contributions.
EBITDA after sales commissions excludes the impact of                                    • Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.
commission amortization (Table 1).                                                       • Deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.
Refer to the Financial Risk section of this MD&A for                                     Financing activities during the second quarter of 2025
information related to other sources of liquidity and to                                 compared to 2024 related to:
the Company’s exposure to and management of liquidity
                                                                                         • An increase in obligations to securitization entities
and funding risk.
                                                                                           of $361.4 million and repayments of obligations
                                                                                           to securitization entities of $453.0 million in 2025
                                                                                           compared to an increase in obligations to securitization




Table 25: Cash Flows
                                                                        Three months ended June 30                                Six months ended June 30




                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
($ millions)                                                          2025                2024          Change                2025          2024     Change
Operating activities
 Earnings before income taxes                                 $      320.2        $      280.5                14.2 %     $    625.2    $    572.6         9.2 %
 Income taxes paid                                                    (65.6)             (54.9)              (19.5)          (168.4)       (112.2)      (50.1)
 Adjustments to determine net cash from
 operating activities                                                  30.9                95.2              (67.5)          (101.2)         (7.6)      N/M
                                                                     285.5               320.8               (11.0)           355.6         452.8       (21.5)
Financing activities                                                (261.7)             (189.5)              (38.1)          (452.8)       (380.0)      (19.2)
Investing activities                                                  34.7              (177.2)              N/M               17.6        (163.2)      N/M
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                   58.5               (45.9)              N/M              (79.6)       (90.4)       11.9
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                       772.2               500.1               54.4            910.3         544.6        67.2
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                      $      830.7        $      454.2                82.9 %     $   830.7     $   454.2        82.9 %


52    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                               C  49
                                entities of $387.8 million and repayments of obligations                     • An increase in loans of $523.5 million with repayments
                                to securitization entities of $399.5 million in 2024.                          of loans and other of $602.2 million in 2025 compared
                              • The purchase of 804,400 common shares in 2025                                  to $426.1 million and $313.0 million, respectively, in
                                under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost                       2024 primarily related to residential mortgages in the
                                of $34.9 million compared to purchase of 1,039,000                             Company’s mortgage banking operations.
                                common shares at a cost of $37.1 million in 2024.                            • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets
                              • The payment of regular common share dividends                                  and other was $20.1 million in 2025 compared to
                                which totalled $133.2 million in 2025, compared to                             $30.8 million in 2024.
                                $133.8 million in 2024.                                                      Investing activities during the six months ended June 30,
                              Financing activities during the six months ended June 30,                      2025 compared to 2024 related to:
                              2025 compared to 2024 related to:                                              • The purchases of other investments totalling
                              • An increase in obligations to securitization entities                          $68.6 million and sales of other investments with
                                of $646.7 million and repayments of obligations                                proceeds of $57.0 million in 2025 compared to
                                to securitization entities of $737.9 million in 2025                           $61.0 million and $44.3 million, respectively, in 2024.
                                compared to an increase in obligations to securitization                     • An increase in loans of $913.2 million with repayments
                                entities of $644.2 million and repayments of obligations                       of loans and other of $995.4 million in 2025 compared
                                to securitization entities of $694.4 million in 2024.                          to $672.6 million and $581.2 million, respectively, in
                              • The purchase of 2,559,100 common shares in 2025                                2024 primarily related to residential mortgages in the
                                under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost                       Company’s mortgage banking operations.
                                of $113.6 million compared to purchase of 1,379,000                          • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets was
                                common shares at a cost of $49.1 million in 2024.                              $33.1 million in 2025 compared to $46.6 million in 2024.

                              • The payment of regular common share dividends
                                which totalled $267.0 million in 2025, compared to                           Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
                                $267.7 million in 2024.                                                      Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled
                              Investing activities during the second quarter of 2025                         $1.2 billion at June 30, 2025, compared to $0.6 billion at
                              compared to 2024 primarily related to:                                         June 30, 2024, as detailed in Table 26.
                              • The purchases of other investments totalling                                 Other comprehensive income of $243.1 million related to
                                $52.8 million and sales of other investments with                            Other investments in 2025 is primarily due to a change in
                                proceeds of $41.0 million in 2025 compared to                                fair value of Wealthsimple of 21%.
                                $38.1 million and $9.7 million, respectively, in 2024. The                   In 2025, IGM Financial disposed of 75% of its investment
                                sale of other investments in 2025 included proceeds                          in Conquest Planning Inc. for $24.8 million and realized
                                from the 75% sale of Conquest Planning Inc. of $24.8                         gains in Other investments of $21.8 million ($18.9 million
                                million ($21.9 million net of tax) based on an initial
                                investment of $3.0 million.


                              Table 26: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
                                                                                                                                                                     Investment




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                              in
                                                                                                                            Employee        Other                     Associates
                              ($ millions)                                                                                   Benefits Investments                     and Other             Total
                              2025
                              Balance, January 1                                                                               $      34.1         $     917.3            $   118.7    $ 1,070.1
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                      12.7               243.1                (94.3)       161.5
                               Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                    –               (18.9)                   –         (18.9)
                              Balance, June 30                                                                                 $      46.8         $ 1,141.5              $    24.4    $ 1,212.7
                              2024
                              Balance, January 1                                                                               $     (14.0)        $     394.0            $   (63.7)   $   316.3
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                      43.4               192.9                 45.0        281.3
                              Balance, June 30                                                                                 $      29.4         $     586.9            $   (18.7)   $   597.6


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     53
                                    C  50                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
after-tax) which were transferred from Accumulated                                      expired on December 20, 2024 where the Company was
other comprehensive income to Other retained earnings.                                  authorized to purchase for cancellation up to 3 million of
Other comprehensive income for Investment in                                            its common shares.
associates in 2025 was primarily related to foreign                                     In connection with its NCIB, the Company has
exchange translation.                                                                   established an automatic securities purchase plan (ASPP)
                                                                                        for its common shares. The ASPP provides standard
Capital Resources                                                                       instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common
                                                                                        shares are to be purchased under the NCIB during
The Company’s capital management objective is to
                                                                                        certain pre-determined trading blackout periods,
maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that the
                                                                                        subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of these
Company is capitalized in a manner which appropriately
                                                                                        pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases
supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital
                                                                                        under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based
needs and business expansion. The Company’s capital
                                                                                        upon management’s discretion.
management practices are focused on preserving the
quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid                                Other activities in 2025 included the declaration of
capital base and a strong balance sheet. Capital of the                                 common share dividends of $266.0 million or $1.125 per
Company consists of long-term debt and shareholders’                                    share. Changes in common share capital are reflected in
equity which totalled $10.5 billion at June 30, 2025,                                   the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.
compared to $10.2 billion at December 31, 2024. The                                     Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s
Company regularly assesses its capital management                                       senior unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook.
practices in response to changing economic conditions.                                  Morningstar DBRS current rating on the Company’s
The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its                                      senior unsecured debentures is “A (High)” with a stable
ongoing business operations to support working                                          rating trend.
capital requirements, long-term investments made by                                     Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with
the Company, business expansion and other strategic                                     an independent measure of the credit quality of the
objectives. Subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital                                  securities of a company and are indicators of the
requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund                                    likelihood of payment and the capacity of a company to
dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio managers,                                     meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of each
investment fund managers and a trust company. These                                     obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each
subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum levels                                    of the agencies set forth below have been obtained
of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or                                from the respective rating agencies’ websites.
shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have
                                                                                        These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
complied with all regulatory capital requirements.
                                                                                        hold the securities of the Company and do not address
The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion                                   market price or other factors that might determine
at June 30, 2025, unchanged from December 31, 2024.                                     suitability of a specific security for a particular investor.
Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which are                                     The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all
senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company                                        risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision
subject to standard covenants, including negative                                       or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
pledges, but which do not include any specified financial
                                                                                        The A rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
or operational covenants.
                                                                                        debentures by S&P is the sixth highest of the 22 ratings
The Company purchased 2,559,100 common shares                                           used for long-term debt. This rating indicates S&P’s
during the six months ended June 30, 2025 at a cost of                                  view that the Company’s capacity to meet its financial
$113.6 million under its Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB)                                commitment on the obligation is strong, but the
(refer to Note 8 to the Interim Financial Statements).                                  obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse
The Company commenced an NCIB on December 23,                                           effects of changes in circumstances and economic
2024 to purchase for cancellation up to 5 million of its                                conditions than obligations in higher rated categories.
common shares. The program will be used to mitigate                                     The A (High) rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior
the dilutive effect of stock options issued under the                                   unsecured debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the fifth
Company’s stock option plan and for other capital                                       highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt. Under
management purposes. The Company’s previous NCIB

54 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                     C  51
                              the Morningstar DBRS long-term rating scale, debt                                • Loans classified as held for trading are valued using
                              securities rated A (High) are of good credit quality and                           market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk
                              the capacity for the payment of financial obligations is                           and maturity, specifically lending rates offered to retail
                              substantial, but of lesser credit quality than AA. Entities                        borrowers by financial institutions.
                              in the A (High) category may be vulnerable to future                             • Loans classified as amortized cost are valued by
                              events, but qualifying negative factors are considered                             discounting the expected future cash flows at
                              manageable.                                                                        prevailing market yields.
                                                                                                               • Valuation methods used for Other investments
                              Financial Instruments                                                              classified as FVTOCI include comparison to market
                              Table 27 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of                          transactions with arm’s length third parties, use of
                              financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes                     market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.
                              fair value information for financial assets and financial                        • Obligations to securitization entities are valued
                              liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount                      by discounting the expected future cash flows at
                              is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items                           prevailing market yields for securities issued by
                              include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit,                        these securitization entities having similar terms and
                              accounts and other receivables, certain other financial                            characteristics.
                              assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, client                         • Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each
                              deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.                                 debenture available in the market.
                              Fair value is determined using the following methods                             • Derivative financial instruments are valued based on
                              and assumptions:                                                                   quoted market prices, where available, prevailing
                              • Other investments and other financial assets and                                 market rates for instruments with similar characteristics
                                financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from                        and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.
                                active markets, when available. When a quoted market                           See Note 13 of the Interim Financial Statements which
                                price is not readily available, valuation techniques                           provides additional discussion on the determination of
                                are used that require assumptions related to discount                          fair value of financial instruments.
                                rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows.
                                                                                                               Although there were changes to both the carrying values
                                Wherever possible, observable market inputs are used
                                                                                                               and fair values of financial instruments, these changes did
                                in the valuation techniques.
                                                                                                               not have a material impact on the financial condition of
                                                                                                               the Company for the six months ended June 30, 2025.



                              Table 27: Financial Instruments
                                                                                                                                           June 30, 2025                       December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                             Carrying                    Fair               Carrying         Fair
                              ($ millions)                                                                                      Value                  Value                   Value       Value
                              Financial assets recorded at fair value
                               Other investments
                                 – FVTOCI                                                                                    $ 1,611.5            $ 1,611.5                 $ 1,350.4   $ 1,350.4




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 – FVTPL                                                                                         142.6                142.6                     118.1       118.1
                               Loans
                                 – FVTPL                                                                                            39.7                 39.7                      –           –
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                     21.3                 21.3                   36.0        36.0
                              Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                               Loans
                                – Amortized cost                                                                                5,365.8              5,462.1                 5,462.4     5,491.9
                              Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                     21.8                 21.8                   25.7        25.7
                              Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                               Obligations to securitization entities                                                          4,959.3               5,083.8                 5,024.9     5,098.4
                               Long-term debt                                                                                  2,400.0               2,483.2                 2,400.0     2,485.4


                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    55
                                    C  52                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Risk Management
IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that are                                 • The Human Resource Committee oversees human
inherent in our business activities. Our ability to manage                                resources and talent practices and policies including
these risks is key to our ongoing success. The Company                                    compensation.
emphasizes a strong risk management culture and                                         • The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees
the implementation of an effective risk management                                        corporate governance practices.
approach. Our approach coordinates risk management                                      • The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee
across the organization and its business units and seeks                                  oversees conflicts of interest.
to ensure prudent and measured risk-taking in order
to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and                                      Management oversight for risk management resides
return. Fundamental to our enterprise risk management                                   with the Executive Risk Management Committee which
program is protecting and enhancing our reputation.                                     is comprised of the Chief Executive Officers of IGM
                                                                                        Financial, IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie
                                                                                        Investments, the Chief Financial Officer, the General
Risk Management Framework
                                                                                        Counsel, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief
The Company’s risk management approach is undertaken                                    Information Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer,
through our comprehensive Risk Management Framework                                     and the Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Chief
which is composed of four core elements: risk governance,                               Executive Officer of IGM Financial. The committee
risk appetite, a defined risk management process, and risk                              is responsible for oversight of IGM Financial’s risk
management culture. The Risk Management Framework is                                    management process by: i) establishing and maintaining
approved by the Board of Directors.                                                     the risk framework and policies; ii) defining the risk
                                                                                        appetite; iii) ensuring our risk profile and processes are
Risk Governance                                                                         aligned with corporate strategy and risk appetite; and
Our risk governance structure emphasizes ownership of                                   iv) establishing “tone at the top” and reinforcing a strong
risk management in each business unit and oversight by                                  culture of risk management.
an Executive Risk Management Committee accountable                                      The Chief Executive Officers of the operating
to the Risk Committee of the Board (Risk Committee) and                                 companies have overall responsibility for overseeing risk
ultimately to the Board of Directors. Additional oversight                              management of their respective companies.
is provided by the Risk, Compliance and Internal
                                                                                        The Company has assigned responsibility for risk
Audit functions.
                                                                                        management using the Three Lines of Defence model,
The Risk Committee provides primary oversight and                                       with the First Line reflecting the business units having
carries out its risk management mandate. The Risk                                       primary responsibility for risk management, supported
Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in                                     by Second Line risk management functions and a Third
reviewing and overseeing the risk governance structure                                  Line (the Internal Audit function) providing assurance
and risk management program of the Company by:                                          and validation of the design and effectiveness of the Risk
i) ensuring that appropriate procedures are in place to                                 Management Framework.
identify and manage risks and establish risk appetite,
ii) ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures                                      First Line of Defence
and controls are implemented to manage risks, and                                       The leaders of the various business units and support




                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
iii) reviewing the risk management process on a regular                                 functions have primary ownership and accountability
basis to ensure that it is functioning effectively.                                     for the ongoing risk management associated with their
                                                                                        respective activities. Responsibilities of business unit
Other specific risks are managed with the support of
                                                                                        and support function leaders include: i) executing and
the following Board committees:
                                                                                        maintaining procedures for the identification, assessment,
• The Audit Committee has specific risk oversight                                       documentation and escalation of risks, ii) implementing
  responsibilities in relation to financial disclosure,                                 control activities to mitigate risks, iii) identifying
  internal controls and the control environment as well                                 opportunities for risk reduction or transfer, and iv) aligning
  as our compliance activities, including administration                                business and operational strategies with the risk culture
  of the Code of Conduct.                                                               and risk appetite of the organization as established by the
                                                                                        Executive Risk Management Committee.


56 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  53
                              Second Line of Defence                                                        Risk Management Process
                              The Risk function, overseen by the Chief Risk Officer,                        The Company’s risk management process is designed
                              provides oversight, analysis and reporting to the                             to foster:
                              Executive Risk Management Committee on the level
                                                                                                            • Ongoing assessment of risks and tolerance in a
                              of risks relative to the established risk appetite for all
                                                                                                              changing operating environment.
                              activities of the Company. Other responsibilities include:
                                                                                                            • Appropriate identification and understanding of
                              i) developing and maintaining the risk management
                                                                                                              existing and emerging risks and risk response.
                              program and framework, ii) managing the risk
                              management process, and iii) providing guidance and                           • Timely monitoring and escalation of risks based upon
                              training to business unit and support function leaders.                         changing circumstances.

                              The Company has a number of committees of senior                              Significant risks that may adversely affect the Company’s
                              business leaders which provide oversight of specific                          ability to achieve its strategic and business objectives
                              business risks, including the Financial Risk Management                       are identified through the Company’s ongoing risk
                              and Operational Risk Management committees. These                             management process.
                              committees perform critical reviews of risk assessments,                      We use a consistent methodology across our
                              risk management practices and risk response plans                             organizations and business units for identification and
                              developed by business units and support functions.                            assessment of risks. Risks are assessed by evaluating the
                              Other oversight accountabilities reside with the                              impact and likelihood of the potential risk event after
                              Company’s Legal and Compliance functions which are                            consideration of controls and any risk transfer activities.
                              responsible for ensuring compliance with policies, laws                       The results of these assessments are considered relative
                              and regulations.                                                              to risk appetite and may result in action plans to adjust
                                                                                                            the risk profile.
                              Third Line of Defence
                                                                                                            Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an
                              The Internal Audit function is the third line of defence
                                                                                                            ongoing basis by business units and by oversight areas
                              and provides independent assurance to senior
                                                                                                            including the Risk function. The Risk function promotes
                              management and the Board of Directors on the
                                                                                                            and coordinates communication and consultation to
                              effectiveness of the Company’s risk management
                                                                                                            support effective risk management and escalation.
                              policies, processes and practices.
                                                                                                            The Risk function regularly reports on the results of
                                                                                                            risk assessments and on the assessment process to the
                              Risk Appetite
                                                                                                            Executive Risk Management Committee and to the
                              The Company’s appetite for different types of risk is                         Risk Committee.
                              established through the Risk Appetite Framework which
                              is approved by the Board of Directors. Under the Risk                         Risk Management Culture
                              Appetite Framework, one of four appetite levels is
                                                                                                            Risk management is everyone’s responsibility within the
                              established for each risk type and business activity of
                                                                                                            organization. The Risk function engages all business units
                              the Company. These appetite levels range from those
                                                                                                            in risk workshops to foster awareness and to incorporate
                              where the Company has no appetite for risk and seeks to
                                                                                                            our risk framework into business activities.
                              minimize any losses, to those where the Company readily
                              accepts exposure while seeking to ensure that risks are                       We have an established business planning process




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              well understood and managed. These appetite levels                            which reinforces our risk management culture. Our
                              guide our business units as they engage in business                           compensation programs are typically objectives-based,
                              activities, and inform them in establishing policies, limits,                 do not encourage or reward excessive or inappropriate
                              controls and risk transfer activities.                                        risk taking, and often are aligned specifically with risk
                                                                                                            management objectives.
                              The Risk Appetite Framework facilitates the alignment
                              of business strategy with risk appetite, supports capital                     Our risk management program emphasizes integrity,
                              deployment assessments, and supports the identification,                      ethical practices, responsible management and
                              mitigation, and management of risks.                                          measured risk-taking with a long-term view. Our
                                                                                                            standards of integrity and ethics are reflected within
                                                                                                            our Code of Conduct which applies to directors, officers
                                                                                                            and employees.


                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  57
                                   C  54                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Key Risks of the Business                                                               investor confidence could also lead to lower sales, higher
                                                                                        redemption levels and lower AUM&A.
Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to
achieve strategic and business objectives are identified                                The Company believes that exposure to investment
through our ongoing risk management process.                                            returns on its client portfolios is beneficial over the long
                                                                                        term to financial results and consistent with stakeholder
Risks are identified based on our established
                                                                                        expectations, and therefore does not typically engage in
methodology, considering factors both internal and
                                                                                        risk transfer activities such as hedging in relation to these
external to the organization. These risks are broadly
                                                                                        exposures.
grouped into three categories: financial, operational,
and strategic and business.                                                             The Company’s exposure to market risk aligns with the
                                                                                        experience of its clients. AUM are broadly diversified
1) Financial Risk                                                                       by asset class, geographic region, industry sector,
                                                                                        investment team and style. The Company regularly
This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A, liquidity                          reviews the sensitivity of its AUM, revenues, earnings
and funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.                                          and cash flow to changes in financial markets.

Risks Related to AUM&A                                                                  Domestic and foreign equity securities are exposed
                                                                                        to equity price risk which may negatively impact
At June 30, 2025, IGM Financial’s AUM&A were
                                                                                        AUM&A, revenues and earnings. Equity price risk can
$283.9 billion compared to $270.4 billion at December 31,
                                                                                        be classified into two categories: general equity risk and
2024. AUM&A Including SI were $521.1 billion at June 30,
                                                                                        issuer-specific risk. The Company’s internal and external
2025 compared to $483.5 billion at December 31, 2024.
                                                                                        fund managers reduce exposure to issuer-specific risks
The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory                                  through diversification.
fees and asset management fees which are applied as
                                                                                        Fixed-income securities are exposed to interest rate risk.
an annual percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A
                                                                                        An increase in interest rates causes market prices of fixed-
levels are impacted by both net sales and changes in the
                                                                                        income securities to fall while a decrease in interest rates
market.
                                                                                        causes market prices to rise, thus impacting AUM&A,
Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty                               revenue and earnings.
and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,
                                                                                        Foreign currency denominated securities are exposed
foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/
                                                                                        to foreign exchange risk. A depreciation in foreign
credit spreads, or other asset values could cause the
                                                                                        currency versus the Canadian dollar will cause the
Company’s AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline.
                                                                                        Canadian value of securities to fall while an appreciation
A general economic downturn, market volatility, client
                                                                                        in foreign currency versus the Canadian dollar will cause
rebalancing, poor investment performance, or a lack of
                                                                                        the Canadian value of securities to rise, thus impacting
                                                                                        AUM&A, revenue and earnings.


Table 28: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix
                                                                                                                          Investment
As at June 30, 2025                                                                                                            Funds          Total




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Cash                                                                                                                              2.7 %        3.5 %
Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                             3.1          3.3
Other fixed income                                                                                                               21.1         21.1
Domestic equity                                                                                                                  20.4         24.6
Foreign equity                                                                                                                   50.7         46.0
Real Property                                                                                                                     2.0          1.5
                                                                                                                               100.0 %       100.0 %
CAD                                                                                                                              47.2 %       52.9 %
USD                                                                                                                              36.7         32.8
Other                                                                                                                            16.1         14.3
                                                                                                                               100.0 %       100.0 %



58 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  55
                              Liquidity and Funding Risk                                                                including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the CMB
                                                                                                                        Program. The Company maintains committed capacity
                              This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain
                                                                                                                        within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization
                              sufficient cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to
                                                                                                                        trusts. Capacity for sales under the CMB Program consists
                              meet contractual or anticipated commitments as they
                                                                                                                        of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of
                              come due or arise.
                                                                                                                        principal repayments held in the Principal Reinvestment
                              Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have                                     Accounts. The Company’s continued ability to fund
                              sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective                                   residential mortgages through Canadian bank-sponsored
                              requirements in both normal and stressed conditions.                                      securitization trusts and NHA MBS is dependent on
                              Our liquidity management practices include:                                               securitization market conditions and government
                              • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy                                regulations that are subject to change. A condition of
                                near term liquidity needs.                                                              the NHA MBS and CMB Program is that securitized loans
                              • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management                                   be insured by an insurer that is approved by CMHC. The
                                processes.                                                                              availability of mortgage insurance is dependent upon
                              • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.                                   market conditions and is subject to change.
                              • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and                                     The Company accesses the unsecured long-term debt
                                the Company’s ability to access bank and capital                                        markets for corporate purposes, and ensures a well-
                                market funding.                                                                         diversified maturity structure to manage associated
                              • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term                                       funding risks.
                                mortgage funding sources.                                                               The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected in
                              • Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by an internal                                 Table 29.
                                Financial Risk Management Committee.                                                    In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash
                              A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor                                       and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through
                              network compensation paid for the distribution of                                         the Company’s lines of credit. The Company’s lines
                              financial products and services. This compensation                                        of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered
                              continues to be paid from operating cash flows.                                           banks totalled $800 million at June 30, 2025, unchanged
                              The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to                                        from December 31, 2024. The lines of credit at June 30,
                              fund and temporarily hold mortgages, which include                                        2025 consisted of committed lines of $650 million and
                              HELOCs, pending sale or securitization to long-term                                       uncommitted lines of $150 million, unchanged from
                              funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral                                   December 31, 2024. Any advances made by a bank
                              requirements. Through its mortgage banking operations,                                    under the uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s
                              residential mortgages are sold to third parties including                                 sole discretion. As at June 30, 2025 and December 31,
                              certain mutual funds, institutional investors through                                     2024, the Company was not utilizing its committed lines
                              private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored                                               of credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.
                              securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale of National                               Management believes cash flows from operations,
                              Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS)                                          available cash balances and other sources of liquidity




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Table 29: Contractual Obligations
                              As at June 30, 2025                                                                                              Less than                 1–5               After
                              ($ millions)                                                                                  Demand                1 Year                Years            5 Years         Total
                              Derivative financial instruments                                                          $          –       $         8.5         $       13.3        $         –   $      21.8
                              Client deposits(1)                                                                             2,923.0                   –                    –                  –       2,923.0
                              Obligations to securitization entities                                                               –             1,371.4              3,577.0               10.9       4,959.3
                              Leases(2)                                                                                            –                28.7                 93.4              103.6         225.7
                              Long-term debt                                                                                       –                   –                525.0            1,875.0       2,400.0
                              Total contractual obligations                                                             $ 2,923.0          $     1,408.6         $ 4,208.7           $ 1,989.5     $ 10,529.8

                              (1) Client deposits due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
                              (2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.


                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                         59
                                    C  56                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
are sufficient to meet the Company’s liquidity needs.                                   IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of
The Company continues to have the ability to meet                                       $2.9 billion (December 31, 2024 – $3.7 billion) are held
its operational cash flow requirements, its contractual                                 with Schedule I chartered banks and approximately
obligations, and its declared dividends. The current                                    88% of the client deposits were insured by the Canada
practice of the Company is to declare and pay dividends                                 Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC) at June 30, 2025.
to common shareholders on a quarterly basis at the
                                                                                        Mortgage Portfolio
discretion of the Board of Directors. The declaration
of dividends by the Board of Directors is dependent                                     At June 30, 2025, residential mortgages including
on a variety of factors, including earnings which are                                   HELOCs, recorded on the Company’s balance sheet,
significantly influenced by the impact that market risk                                 of $5.4 billion (December 31, 2024 – $5.5 billion)
has on the Company’s fee income and commission and                                      consisted of $4.9 billion sold to securitization programs
certain other expenses. The Company’s liquidity position                                (December 31, 2024 – $5.1 billion), $498.9 million
and its management of liquidity and funding risk have                                   held pending sale or securitization (December 31,
not changed materially since December 31, 2024.                                         2024 – $405.7 million) and $10.7 million related to the
                                                                                        Company’s intermediary operations (December 31, 2024
Credit Risk                                                                             – $11.2 million).

This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a                                  The Company manages credit risk related to residential
counterparty to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.                            mortgages through:
                                                                                        • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting
The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash
                                                                                          standards;
and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage
portfolio, and use of over-the-counter derivatives. The                                 • Its loan servicing capabilities;
Company monitors its credit risk management practices                                   • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and
on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.                                      mortgage portfolio default insurance held by the
                                                                                          Company; and
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit
                                                                                        • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively
At June 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalents of                                            through a network of Mortgage Advisors and
$830.7 million (December 31, 2024 – $910.3 million)                                       IG Wealth Management advisors as part of a client’s
consisted of cash balances of $598.0 million                                              IG Living Plan.
(December 31, 2024 – $545.0 million) primarily on deposit
with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of                                   In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the
$232.7 million (December 31, 2024 – $365.3 million). Cash                               terms and nature of securitization transactions as
equivalents are comprised of Government of Canada                                       described below:
treasury bills totalling $29.4 million (December 31, 2024                               • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.5 billion
– $37.9 million), provincial government treasury bills and                                (December 31, 2024 – $2.5 billion), the Company is
promissory notes of $191.6 million (December 31, 2024                                     obligated to make timely payment of principal and
– $289.5 million), and bank term deposits of $11.7 million                                coupons irrespective of whether such payments were
(December 31, 2024 – $37.9 million).                                                      received from the mortgage borrower. However, as
                                                                                          required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans
The Company manages credit risk related to cash and
                                                                                          are insured by an approved insurer.
cash equivalents by adhering to its corporate investment
                                                                                        • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
and counterparty credit risk management policies that
outline credit risk parameters and concentration limits.                                  to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling
                                                                                          $2.4 billion (December 31, 2024 – $2.6 billion) is limited
The Company regularly reviews the credit ratings of its
                                                                                          to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future
counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on
these financial instruments is their carrying value.                                      net interest income, the fair values of which were
                                                                                          $63.6 million (December 31, 2024 – $62.7 million) and
The Company’s exposure to and management of credit                                        $41.0 million (December 31, 2024 – $38.0 million),
risk related to cash and cash equivalents and fixed                                       respectively, at June 30, 2025. Cash reserve accounts
income securities have not changed materially since                                       are reflected on the balance sheet, whereas rights to
December 31, 2024.                                                                        future net interest income are not reflected on the
                                                                                          balance sheet and will be recorded over the life of
                                                                                          the mortgages.

60 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                     C  57
                              At June 30, 2025, residential mortgages recorded on the                        $23.7 million (December 31, 2024 – $40.4 million) does
                              balance sheet were 49.9% insured (December 31, 2024 –                          not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral
                              48.9%). At June 30, 2025, impaired mortgages on these                          arrangements. The exposure to credit risk, considering
                              portfolios were $3.2 million, compared to $3.5 million                         netting agreements and collateral arrangements and
                              at December 31, 2024. Uninsured non-performing                                 including rights to future net interest income, was
                              mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios were                                $10.5 million at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 –
                              $2.2 million at June 30, 2025, compared to $2.1 million at                     $20.6 million). Counterparties are all Canadian Schedule I
                              December 31, 2024.                                                             chartered banks and, as a result, management has
                              The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk                       determined that the Company’s overall credit risk related
                              on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage                            to derivatives was not significant at June 30, 2025.
                              and Short-Term Income Fund through an agreement                                Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not
                              to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances                               changed materially since December 31, 2024.
                              benefiting the funds. These loans are not recorded                             Additional information related to the Company’s
                              on the Company’s balance sheet as the Company has                              securitization activities and utilization of derivative
                              transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of                      contracts can be found in Note 6 to the Interim Financial
                              ownership associated with these loans.                                         Statements and Notes 2, 7, 8 and 24 to the Consolidated
                              The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of                            Financial Statements included in the 2024 IGM Financial
                              the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for                            Inc. Annual Report.
                              expected credit losses.
                                                                                                             Market Risk
                              The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses
                                                                                                             This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values
                              was $0.8 million at June 30, 2025, unchanged from
                                                                                                             of the Company’s financial instruments due to changes
                              December 31, 2024, and is considered adequate by
                                                                                                             in interest rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.
                              management to absorb all credit-related losses in
                              the mortgage portfolios based on: i) historical credit                         Interest Rate Risk
                              performance experience, ii) recent trends in interest                          IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its
                              rates, iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other                         mortgage portfolio and on certain of the derivative
                              relevant characteristics, iv) our strong financial planning                    financial instruments used in our mortgage banking
                              relationship with our clients, and v) stress testing of losses                 operations.
                              under adverse real estate market conditions.
                                                                                                             The Company manages interest rate risk associated with
                              The Company’s exposure to and management of credit                             its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest
                              risk related to mortgage portfolios have not changed                           rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks
                              materially since December 31, 2024.                                            as follows:
                              Derivatives                                                                    • The Company has in certain instances funded floating
                              The Company is exposed to credit risk through                                     rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage
                              derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk,                     Bonds as part of the securitization transactions under
                              to facilitate securitization transactions and to hedge                            the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, the
                              market risk related to certain stock-based compensation                           Company is party to a swap whereby it is entitled to
                              arrangements. These derivatives are discussed more fully                          receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              under the Market Risk section of this MD&A.                                       principal and is obligated to pay Canada Mortgage
                                                                                                                Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value of
                              To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a
                                                                                                                negative $6.3 million (December 31, 2024 – negative
                              gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk if its
                                                                                                                $3.6 million) and an outstanding notional amount of
                              counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under these
                                                                                                                $0.3 billion at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 –
                              arrangements.
                                                                                                                $0.3 billion). The Company enters into interest rate
                              The Company’s derivative activities are managed in                                swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to
                              accordance with its Derivative Policy which includes                              hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on floating
                              counterparty limits and other parameters to manage                                rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline.
                              counterparty risk. The aggregate credit risk exposure                             The fair value of these swaps totalled $0.8 million
                              related to derivatives that are in a gain position of                             (December 31, 2024 – negative $4.3 million), on


                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  61
                                   C  58                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
  an outstanding notional amount of $1.3 billion at                                     Foreign Exchange Risk
  June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 – $1.4 billion). The                                 IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
  net fair value of these swaps of negative $5.5 million                                investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to
  at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 – negative                                        the carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange
  $7.9 million) is recorded on the balance sheet and                                    rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income.
  has an outstanding notional amount of $1.6 billion                                    As at June 30, 2025, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
  (December 31, 2024 – $1.7 billion).                                                   Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
• The Company is exposed to the impact that changes                                     decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of
  in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages                                  foreign investments by approximately $131.5 million
  committed to or held pending sale or securitization                                   ($145.4 million).
  to long-term funding sources. The Company enters                                      The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and
  into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate                                   Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share
  risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by                                   of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of
  the Company pending sale or securitization. Hedge                                     Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange
  accounting is applied to the cost of funds on certain                                 rates. For the period ended June 30, 2025, the impact
  securitization activities. The effective portion of fair                              to net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
  value changes of the associated interest rate swaps are                               Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
  initially recognized in Other comprehensive income                                    decrease (increase) the Company’s proportionate share
  and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management                                      of associates’ earnings by approximately $1.4 million
  revenue over the term of the related Obligations to                                   ($1.5 million).
  securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps was
  negative $0.8 million (December 31, 2024 – negative
                                                                                        2) Operational Risk
  $1.1 million) on an outstanding notional amount of
  $153.5 million at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 –                                  This is the risk of financial loss, reputational damage or
  $166.0 million).                                                                      regulatory actions resulting from inadequate or failed
                                                                                        internal processes or systems, human interaction or
As at June 30, 2025, the impact to annual net earnings of a
                                                                                        external events.
100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been
a decrease of approximately $1.5 million (December 31,                                  We are exposed to a broad range of operational risks,
2024 – increase of $0.5 million). The Company’s exposure                                including information security and system failures, errors
to and management of interest rate risk have not changed                                relating to transaction processing, financial models
materially since December 31, 2024.                                                     and valuations, failure of key third parties, fraud and
                                                                                        misappropriation of assets, and inadequate application
Equity Price Risk                                                                       of internal control processes.
IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our
                                                                                        Operational risks relating to people and processes
equity investments which are classified as either FVTOCI
                                                                                        are mitigated through policies and process controls.
or FVTPL, and on our investments in associates, which are
                                                                                        Oversight of risks and ongoing evaluation of the
accounted for using the equity method. The fair value
                                                                                        effectiveness of controls is provided by the Company’s
of other investments was $1.8 billion at June 30, 2025
                                                                                        Risk, Compliance, and Internal Audit functions.
(December 31, 2024 – $1.5 billion), as shown in Table
21, and the carrying value of investment in associates                                  The Company’s insurance governance process includes




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
was $4.0 billion at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 –                                  oversight by the Insurance Steering Committee and
$4.0 billion).                                                                          senior executives. As part of this process, the nature
                                                                                        and extent of the Company’s insurance is regularly
The Company sponsors a number of deferred
                                                                                        reviewed to ensure coverage remains appropriate and
compensation arrangements where payments to
                                                                                        complies with relevant laws, regulations, and contractual
participants are deferred and linked to the performance
                                                                                        agreements.
of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. The
Company hedges its exposure to this risk through the                                    The business unit leaders are responsible for
use of forward agreements and total return swaps.                                       management of the day to day operational risks of their
                                                                                        respective business units. Specific programs, policies,




62 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  59
                              training, standards and governance processes have been                         We use a variety of models to assist in: the valuation
                              developed to help manage operational risk.                                     of financial instruments, operational scenario testing,
                                                                                                             management of cash flows, capital management, and
                              Technology and Cyber Risk                                                      assessment of potential acquisitions. These models
                              This is the risk of failure or inappropriate usage of                          incorporate internal assumptions, observable market
                              information and technology that enables business                               inputs and available market prices. Effective controls exist
                              operations and strategies which may result in business                         over the development, implementation and application
                              disruption and missed opportunities.                                           of these models. However, changes in the internal
                                                                                                             assumptions or other factors affecting the models could
                              Technology underpins our business operations and the                           have an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated
                              client, employee and advisor experience. As a result,                          financial position and reputation.
                              we are exposed to cyber security risks such as identity
                              theft, compromise of technology systems and malicious                          Legal and Regulatory Risk
                              software attacks. Globally, the volume of these activities
                              has increased and could compromise confidential                                This is the risk of not complying with laws, contractual
                              information of the Company and its clients or other                            agreements or regulatory requirements. These risks
                              stakeholders and result in other negative consequences                         relate to regulation governing product distribution,
                              including lost revenue, litigation, regulatory scrutiny or                     investment management, accounting, reporting and
                              reputational damage. Our technology risk management                            communications.
                              policy provides a framework for managing technology                            The Company is subject to complex and changing
                              risk, alongside enterprise-wide cyber security programs,                       legal, taxation and regulatory requirements, including
                              benchmarking of capabilities to sound industry practices,                      the requirements of agencies of the federal, provincial
                              and threat and vulnerability assessment and response                           and territorial governments in Canada which regulate
                              capabilities, which together provide resiliency in                             the Company and its activities and including changes in
                              addressing this risk.                                                          foreign jurisdictions in which the Company or companies
                                                                                                             it invests in have operations. The Company and its
                              Third Party Risk                                                               subsidiaries are also subject to the requirements of a
                              This is the risk that exists due to the use of external parties                self-regulatory organization, the Canadian Investment
                              to assist or wholly perform activities necessary to the                        Regulatory Organization (CIRO). These and other
                              operations and strategy of the business.                                       regulatory bodies regularly adopt new laws, rules,
                                                                                                             regulations and policies that apply to the Company and
                              We regularly engage third parties to provide expertise                         its subsidiaries. These requirements include those that
                              and efficiencies that support our operational activities.                      apply to IGM Financial as a publicly traded company and
                              Our exposure to third party risk could include                                 those that apply to the Company’s subsidiaries based
                              reputational, regulatory and other operational risks.                          on the nature of their activities. They include regulations
                              Policies, standard operating procedures and dedicated                          related to the management and provision of financial
                              resources, including third party risk management,                              products and services, including securities, insurance
                              procurement and contract policies, have been                                   and mortgages, and other activities carried on by the
                              developed and implemented to specifically address                              Company in the markets in which it operates. Regulatory
                              third party risk. We perform due diligence and                                 standards affecting the Company and the financial
                              monitoring activities before entering into contractual




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                             services industry are significant and continually evolve.
                              relationships with third parties and on an ongoing basis.                      The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to reviews
                              As our reliance on third parties continues to grow, we                         as part of the normal ongoing process of oversight by
                              continue to enhance resources and processes to support                         the various regulators.
                              third party risk management.
                                                                                                             Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations could
                              Model Risk                                                                     lead to regulatory sanctions and civil liability, and may
                                                                                                             have an adverse reputational or financial effect on the
                              This is the risk of financial loss or reputational harm
                                                                                                             Company. The Company manages legal and regulatory
                              resulting from conclusions and decisions based on
                                                                                                             risk through its efforts to promote a strong culture of
                              incorrect or misused models.
                                                                                                             compliance. The monitoring of regulatory developments
                                                                                                             and their impact on the Company is overseen by the


                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  63
                                   C  60                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Regulatory Initiatives Committee chaired by the General                                 Contingencies
Counsel. The Company also continues to develop and
                                                                                        The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the
maintain compliance policies, processes and oversight,
                                                                                        normal course of its business. In December 2018, a
including specific communications on compliance and
                                                                                        proposed class action was filed in the Ontario Superior
legal matters, training, testing, monitoring and reporting.
                                                                                        Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation
The Audit Committee of the Board receives regular
                                                                                        (Mackenzie) which alleges that the company should not
reporting on compliance initiatives and issues.
                                                                                        have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order
The Company promotes a strong culture of ethics and                                     execution only dealers. This action was certified in
integrity through its Code of Conduct approved by the                                   January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class
Board of Directors, which outlines standards of conduct                                 action concerning the same subject matter was filed
that apply to all IGM Financial directors, officers and                                 against Mackenzie.
employees. The Code of Conduct references many
                                                                                        In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one
policies relating to the conduct of directors, officers and
                                                                                        of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they
employees. Other corporate policies cover anti-money
                                                                                        were compromised due to a cybersecurity incident
laundering and privacy. Training is provided on these
                                                                                        related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM,
policies on an annual basis. Individuals subject to the
                                                                                        GoAnywhere. The Company has notified impacted
Code of Conduct attest annually that they understand the
                                                                                        clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost to all
requirements and have complied with its provisions.
                                                                                        clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed
                                                                                        against Mackenzie concerning this incident.
Privacy Risk
                                                                                        Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such
Privacy risk is the potential for access to, collection, use,
                                                                                        legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
transfer, disclosure and retention of personal information
                                                                                        does not expect the outcome of any of these matters,
in contravention of applicable laws, regulations and/
                                                                                        individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse
or ethical standards. We collect only the personal
                                                                                        effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position.
information that is necessary to provide our products and
services to clients, and where we have consent to do so.
                                                                                        People Risk
If we need to share personal information with third
                                                                                        This risk refers to the potential inability to: attract or
parties, we remain responsible for that information
                                                                                        retain employees or Wealth Management advisors; have
and protect it through contractual and other measures
                                                                                        a diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce; provide
that commit the service providers to maintain levels of
                                                                                        development opportunities to achieve current and future
protection comparable to ours.
                                                                                        business objectives; support employee wellbeing and
IGM Financial has established an enterprise Privacy                                     engagement; and sustain ongoing personnel or business
Risk Management Framework to manage privacy risk.                                       succession and/or transition plans.
Our Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) leads and oversees
                                                                                        We manage this risk through competitive compensation
our privacy program, partnering with cross-functional
                                                                                        and benefit offerings, training and development
teams to develop and implement enterprise-wide
                                                                                        programs, and periodic employee and advisor surveys.
policies, standards and controls regarding the handling
and safeguarding of personal information. Ultimately                                    We have a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Strategy
reporting to the CPO, the enterprise privacy team works                                 with the purpose of driving an inclusive, equitable




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
with front-line business units to address privacy matters.                              and consistent experience for employees, Wealth
                                                                                        Management advisors, and clients that supports our
Employees and advisors are required to complete
                                                                                        business objectives now and into the future. To achieve
mandatory privacy training at onboarding, and annually
                                                                                        the desired outcomes, we focus on three pillars of
thereafter. The training includes our privacy obligations,
                                                                                        action: raising awareness; improving inclusive leadership
privacy best practices, and how to prevent, handle
                                                                                        behaviours; and building external partnerships and
and report privacy breaches, complaints and access to
                                                                                        community engagement.
information requests.
                                                                                        We also have a Wellness Strategy to support our
                                                                                        employees’ wellbeing with a goal to ensure our




64 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                   C  61
                              employees are physically thriving, emotionally balanced,                      and other governmental actions (including retaliatory
                              socially connected and financially secure.                                    measures), and other factors can influence inflation,
                                                                                                            interest rates, global economic growth, and business
                              Business Continuity Management                                                conditions in markets in which the Company operates.
                              This is the risk that the organization cannot effectively                     Global markets are currently exposed to the heightened
                              recover and maintain critical business processes in the                       economic uncertainty related to tariffs and counter-
                              event of a disruption (internal, third-party, physical                        tariffs introduced by several countries. These conditions
                              or natural circumstances) or respond to a crisis or                           could result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s products
                              emergency event.                                                              and services and/or result in investors redeeming their
                                                                                                            investments. These factors may also affect the level
                              A business continuity management program ensures the                          and volatility of financial markets and the value of the
                              Company’s critical processes function in the event of a                       Company’s AUM, as described more fully under the
                              business disruption.                                                          Risks Related to AUM&A section of this MD&A.
                              The Company’s crisis response plan outlines policies and                      To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating
                              procedures to address situations that could significantly                     subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores
                              impact the organization’s reputation, brands or business                      the importance of financial planning across economic
                              operations. A crisis assessment team comprised of                             cycles. The Company and the industry continue to
                              senior leadership is responsible for setting strategy,                        take steps to educate Canadian investors on the merits
                              overseeing response and ensuring appropriate subject                          of financial planning, diversification and long-term
                              matter experts are engaged in scenario-dependent crisis                       investing. In periods of volatility, Wealth Management
                              response teams.                                                               advisors and independent financial advisors play a key
                              On a regular basis, the Company tests business continuity                     role in assisting investors in maintaining perspective and
                              and disaster recovery plans as well as conducting crisis                      focus on their long-term objectives.
                              simulation exercises.                                                         Redemption rates for long-term funds are summarized in
                                                                                                            Table 30 and are discussed in the Wealth Management
                              3) Strategic and Business Risk                                                and the Asset Management Segment Operating Results
                              This is the risk of potential adverse impacts resulting from                  sections of this MD&A.
                              factors in the external environment or related to the
                              strategy or specific business activities of the Company.                      Strategy Setting
                                                                                                            This is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate
                              General Business Conditions                                                   strategic objectives resulting in an impact on business
                              This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts                    performance.
                              on IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other                          IGM Financial believes in the importance of good
                              external factors relating to the marketplace.                                 corporate governance and the central role played by
                              Global economic conditions, changes in financial                              directors in the governance process. We believe that
                              markets, as well as inflation, could impact the labour and                    sound corporate governance is essential to the well-
                              housing market and could potentially have a broader                           being of the Company and our shareholders.
                              effect on investor confidence, income levels and savings.                     Oversight of IGM Financial is performed by the Board of




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              In addition, geopolitical risk, ongoing trade tensions,                       Directors directly and through its five committees. The
                              including tariffs (and the threat of increased tariffs)                       Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer has



                              Table 30: Twelve Month Trailing Redemption Rate for Long-term Funds
                                                                                                                                                                           2025       2024
                                                                                                                                                                         Jun. 30    Jun.30
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                                                                        10.5 %     13.9 %
                               Mackenzie                                                                                                                                   17.7 %     19.1 %



                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      65
                                   C  62                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
overall responsibility for management of the Company.                                    range of investment products, with a focus on building
The Company’s activities are carried out principally by two                              enduring relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries also
operating companies – IGWM Inc. (formerly Investors                                      continually review their respective product and service
Group Inc.) and Mackenzie Financial Corporation – each                                   offering and pricing to ensure competitiveness in the
of which are managed by a President and Chief Executive                                  marketplace.
Officer. The Company also has a strategy execution                                       We strive to deliver strong investment performance
oversight function and committee that reviews and                                        on our products relative to benchmarks and peers.
approves strategic initiative business cases and oversees                                Poor investment performance relative to benchmarks
progress against our strategic priorities and objectives.                                or peers could reduce the level of AUM and sales
The President and Chief Executive Officer of the                                         and asset retention, as well as adversely impact our
Company, in collaboration with the Board of Directors, is                                brands and reputation. Meaningful and/or sustained
responsible each year to develop, review and update the                                  underperformance could affect the Company’s results.
Company’s strategic plan. The strategic plan sets out both                               Our objective is to cultivate investment processes and
the annual and longer-term objectives for the Company                                    disciplines that give us a competitive advantage, and we
in light of emerging opportunities and risks and with a                                  do this by diversifying our AUM and product shelf by
view to the Company’s sustained profitable growth and                                    investment team, brand, asset class, mandate, style and
long-term value creation. The Board is responsible for                                   geographic region. Our investment risk management
approving the Company’s overall business strategy. In                                    policy also contains requirements aimed at addressing
carrying out this responsibility, the Board reviews the                                  this risk.
short-, medium- and long-term risks associated with
                                                                                         Business / Client Relationships
the strategic plan, considers the strengths and potential
weaknesses of trends and opportunities, and approves                                     This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts
the Company’s annual business, financial and capital                                     on IGM Financial resulting from changes to key business
management plans. A portion of each Board meeting                                        or client relationships. These relationships primarily
is dedicated to discussion of strategic matters including                                include IG Wealth Management clients and advisors,
receiving updates on the progress and implementation                                     Mackenzie retail distribution, strategic and significant
of the strategic plan.                                                                   business partners, clients of Mackenzie funds, and sub-
                                                                                         advisors and other product suppliers.
Competitive Risk                                                                         IG Wealth Management derives all of its investment fund
Product / Service Offering                                                               sales, insurance sales, and mortgage and banking sales
This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts                               through its advisor network. IG Wealth Management
on IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or                                    advisors have regular direct contact with clients which
service performance, quality or breadth.                                                 can lead to a strong and personal client relationship
                                                                                         based on the client’s confidence in that individual
IGM Financial, including its subsidiaries and strategic
                                                                                         advisor. The market for advisors is extremely competitive.
investments, operate in a highly competitive
                                                                                         The loss of a significant number of key advisors could
environment, competing with other financial service
                                                                                         lead to the loss of client accounts which could have
providers, investment managers and product and
                                                                                         an adverse effect on IG Wealth Management’s results
service types. Client development and retention
                                                                                         of operations and business prospects, as well as our
can be influenced by a number of factors, including
                                                                                         culture and ability to attract key advisors. IG Wealth




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
investment performance, products and services offered
                                                                                         Management is focused on strengthening its distribution
by competitors, relative service levels, relative pricing,
                                                                                         network of advisors and on responding to the complex
product attributes, reputation and actions taken by
                                                                                         financial needs of its clients by delivering a diverse range
competitors. This competition could have an adverse
                                                                                         of products and services in the context of personalized
impact upon the Company’s financial position and
                                                                                         financial advice.
operating results. Please refer to The Competitive
Landscape section of this MD&A for further discussion.                                   Mackenzie derives the majority of its mutual fund
                                                                                         sales through third party financial advisors. Financial
We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent
                                                                                         advisors generally offer their clients investment products
financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients
                                                                                         in addition to, and in competition with Mackenzie.
with a high level of service and support and a broad
                                                                                         Mackenzie also derives sales of its investment products


66 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                    C  63
                              and services from its strategic alliance and institutional                    Acquisition Risk
                              clients. Due to the nature of the distribution relationship
                                                                                                            This risk refers to the potential that desired objectives
                              in these relationships and the relative size of these
                                                                                                            are not attained from the Company’s acquisitions
                              accounts, gross sale and redemption activity can be
                                                                                                            and strategic investments. The Company undertakes
                              more pronounced in these accounts than in a retail
                                                                                                            thorough due diligence prior to completing an
                              relationship. Mackenzie’s ability to market its investment
                                                                                                            acquisition, but there is no assurance that the Company
                              products is highly dependent on continued access to
                                                                                                            will achieve the expected strategic objectives or cost
                              these distribution networks. Lack of access could have a
                                                                                                            and revenue synergies subsequent to an acquisition.
                              material adverse effect on Mackenzie’s operating results
                                                                                                            Subsequent changes in the economic environment and
                              and business prospects. Mackenzie is well positioned to
                                                                                                            other unanticipated factors may affect the Company’s
                              manage this risk and to continue to build and enhance its
                                                                                                            ability to achieve expected earnings growth or
                              distribution relationships. Mackenzie’s diverse portfolio
                                                                                                            expense reductions. The success of an acquisition and
                              of financial products and its long-term investment
                                                                                                            of the Company’s strategic investments is dependent
                              performance record, marketing, educational and service
                                                                                                            on retaining AUM, clients, and key employees of an
                              support has made Mackenzie one of Canada’s leading
                                                                                                            acquired company.
                              investment management companies. These factors are
                              discussed further in the Asset Management Review of                           Natural or Human Caused Disasters
                              the Business section of this MD&A.
                                                                                                            This is the risk that events such as earthquakes, floods,
                              Regulatory Development Risk                                                   fire, tornadoes, pandemics, or terrorism could adversely
                                                                                                            affect the Company’s financial performance.
                              This is the potential for changes to regulatory, legal, or
                              tax requirements that may have an adverse impact on                           Catastrophic events can cause economic uncertainty,
                              the Company’s business activities or financial results.                       affect investor confidence, income levels and financial
                                                                                                            planning decisions. This could affect the level and volatility
                              We are exposed to the risk of changes in laws, taxation
                                                                                                            of financial markets and the level of the Company’s
                              and regulation that could have an adverse impact on
                                                                                                            AUM&A. The Company has an insurance review process
                              the Company, including changes in foreign jurisdictions
                                                                                                            where it assesses and determines the nature and extent
                              in which the Company or companies it invests in have
                                                                                                            of insurance that is appropriate to provide adequate
                              operations. Particular regulatory initiatives may have
                                                                                                            protection against unexpected losses, and where it is
                              the effect of making the products of the Company’s
                                                                                                            required by law, regulators or contractual agreements.
                              subsidiaries appear to be less competitive than the
                              products of other financial service providers, to third party                 Environmental and Social Risk
                              distribution channels and to clients. Regulatory differences
                              that may impact the competitiveness of the Company’s                          This is the potential for financial loss or other
                              products include regulatory costs, tax treatment,                             unfavourable impacts resulting from the Company’s
                              disclosure requirements, transaction processes or other                       inability to manage or respond to changing
                              differences that may be as a result of differing regulation                   environmental or social issues connected to our
                              or application of regulation. Regulatory developments                         business operations, investment activities, meeting
                              may also impact product structures, pricing, and dealer                       our sustainability commitments, and increasingly for
                              and advisor compensation. While the Company and its                           regulatory compliance. We recognize that E&S risks can
                                                                                                            be within our operations or impact stakeholders along




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              subsidiaries actively monitor such initiatives, and where
                              feasible comment upon or discuss them with regulators,                        our supply chain, including clients, investee companies
                              the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to mitigate                   and suppliers.
                              the imposition of differential regulatory treatment of                        The regulatory landscape for sustainability and climate-
                              financial products or services is limited.                                    related matters is rapidly evolving. In December 2024,
                              The Company continuously monitors regulatory                                  the Canadian Sustainability Standards Board (CSSB)
                              developments, guidance and communications.                                    released its final voluntary Canadian Sustainability
                                                                                                            Disclosure Standards, mostly aligned to those of the
                                                                                                            International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB). In April
                                                                                                            2025, the Canadian Securities Administrators announced
                                                                                                            it was pausing its work related to mandatory climate-


                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  67
                                   C  64                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
related disclosure rules, while also highlighting that                                  procedures are in place to identify and manage E&S risks
existing legislation already requires issuers to disclose                               and establish risk tolerances; ensuring that appropriate
material climate-related risks affecting their business in                              policies, procedures and controls are implemented
the same way issuers are required to disclose other types                               to manage risks; and reviewing the risk management
of material information.                                                                process on a regular basis to confirm that it is functioning
Given the diverse perspectives of our stakeholders and                                  effectively.
communities on environmental and social (E&S) issues,                                   Senior management at each of our operating companies
our actions or inactions in managing these matters may                                  have primary ownership and accountability for the
be viewed unfavourably by some. This could potentially                                  ongoing E&S risk and opportunity management
elevate our E&S risks.                                                                  associated with their respective activities. The Company’s
Environmental risks include issues such as climate                                      Executive Risk Management Committee is responsible
change, biodiversity loss, pollution, waste, and the                                    for oversight of the risk management process, including
unsustainable use of energy, water and other resources.                                 E&S risks. The Executive Sustainability Committee
Social risks include issues such as human rights violations;                            is responsible for ensuring central management
inadequate labour standards; and lack of considerations                                 governance for sustainability across IGM, including policy
for diversity, equity and inclusion; Indigenous                                         and strategy, goals and targets, measuring progress,
reconciliation; and community impacts.                                                  and reviewing public reports and disclosures. Our Chief
                                                                                        Risk Officer oversees implementation of the Corporate
IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments,                                         Sustainability and Risk Management programs, reporting
and their investment sub-advisors, are signatories to                                   into the President and Chief Executive Officer. The Chief
the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI). Under                                  Financial Officer is responsible for financial reporting
the PRI, investors formally commit to incorporate                                       including oversight for any future sustainability-related
environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues into                                  financial disclosures.
their investment decision making and active ownership
processes. In addition, our operating companies have                                    Other management committees and working groups also
implemented Sustainable Investment Policies outlining                                   oversee E&S-related governance across the Company.
the practices at each company.                                                          Climate Risk
IGM Financial reports annually on sustainability                                        Strategy
management and performance in its Sustainability                                        Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified
Report available on our website and is a long-standing                                  and assessed within IGM Financial through our business
participant in the CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure                                      planning processes which define our strategic priorities,
Project), which promotes corporate disclosures                                          initiatives and budgets.
on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change                                          We are focused on meeting growing demand for
management including setting and monitoring emission                                    sustainable investing and the opportunity to invest in
reduction targets. These disclosures are informed by                                    the transition to a low carbon economy. Additionally,
internationally recognized standards and frameworks                                     through Mackenzie’s Sustainability Centre of Excellence
such as the Task Force on Climate-related Financial                                     (COE), we continue to focus on educating and
Disclosures (TCFD), The Sustainability Accounting                                       communicating with clients and advisors on the risks and
Standards Board (SASB), and the Global Reporting                                        opportunities associated with sustainable investing and
Initiative (GRI).




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                        the energy transition.
Governance                                                                              As such, IGM Financial’s updated Sustainability Strategy
Our Board is responsible for providing oversight on risk                                highlights Action on Climate as one of the 3 focus areas.
and strategy, which includes sustainability and climate-                                Through IGM Financial’s wealth and asset management
related matters. The Board meets with management at                                     businesses, this strategy focuses on providing clients
least annually to discuss plans and emerging ESG issues.                                with product options that focus on investing in long-term
Through its Risk Committee, the Board is responsible                                    climate solutions to support a low carbon future.
for ensuring that material ESG and climate-related risks                                Our operating companies are participants in
are appropriately identified, managed and monitored.                                    collaborative industry groups that support our climate
Its responsibilities include ensuring that appropriate                                  commitments by engaging companies on improving


68 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                     C  65
                              climate change governance, reducing emissions and                             Our operating companies are committed to sustainable
                              strengthening climate-related financial disclosures.                          investing programs and policies that include a focus on
                              At Mackenzie Investments, sustainable investing is an                         climate risk.
                              area of strategic emphasis, and we have established a                         We provide data and tools for our investment teams
                              dedicated team within Mackenzie’s Sustainability COE                          to carry out current and forward-looking climate
                              who bring focus to material ESG and climate risks and                         analysis and we integrate material climate risks into our
                              opportunities within asset management. Mackenzie                              investment and oversight processes for investment
                              has expanded its suite of funds investing to directly                         management sub-advisors. As part of the hiring process
                              support the transition to a low-carbon economy through                        and ongoing assessment of sub-advisors, our teams
                              its acquisition of Greenchip, an investment boutique                          request information about how ESG, including climate
                              exclusively focused on the opportunities created by the                       risks and opportunities, is resourced, what processes
                              energy transition; the launch of the Betterworld equity                       and tools are used, and how strategy and governance
                              team in 2021, that invests in companies making a positive                     are influenced. As we continue to develop our climate-
                              impact on the people and the planet; as well as fixed                         related financial disclosures, we are devoting increased
                              income funds prioritizing sustainability and ESG-labelled                     resources to areas such as training, analysis, metrics,
                              debt, including green bonds.                                                  target-setting, strategy planning and working with
                              Mackenzie has also implemented tools for our investment                       collaborative organizations.
                              funds to enhance our quantitative assessment of climate                       At Mackenzie Investments, each boutique investment
                              risks and opportunities by analyzing emissions and other                      team is responsible for determining when and how
                              climate-related information at the investee company,                          climate transition and physical risks are material, and for
                              asset class and portfolio levels.                                             incorporating these risks into their investment process.
                              IG Wealth Management has integrated environmental                             We have focused on developing resources and tools
                              and climate issues into its sub-advisory selection                            to assess climate-related risks and opportunities for our
                              and oversight processes, and product development                              Mackenzie managed equity portfolios. Through these
                              strategy. In 2021, IG Wealth Management launched                              tools we can assess historical greenhouse gas emissions
                              its Climate Action Portfolios, a suite of four diversified                    data and portfolio temperature alignment to identify
                              managed solutions which aim to provide clients with                           the highest emitters and inform engagement activities
                              the opportunity to support and benefit from the global                        with companies facing transition risks. At IG Wealth
                              transition to a low carbon global economy.                                    Management, management evaluates the sustainable
                                                                                                            investing practices of investment manager sub-advisors,
                              Risk Management                                                               including the integration of climate risks into their
                              Climate risk is captured under strategic and business                         investment and active ownership practice.
                              risks, but we recognize the relationship of climate risk to                   To maximize stewardship efforts, engagement at
                              other risks.                                                                  Mackenzie is undertaken through direct conversations
                              Our climate risks relate primarily to the potential for                       between portfolio managers and companies/issuers;
                              physical or transition risks to: negatively affect the                        through Mackenzie firm-wide engagements; and
                              performance of our clients’ investments, resulting in                         through collaborations with peers on initiatives where
                              reduced fee revenue; harm our reputation; create market                       the collective investor voice has more influence. At
                              risks through shifts in product demand; or lead to new                        IG Wealth Management, investment management




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              regulatory, legal or disclosure requirements that could                       sub-advisors including Mackenzie are responsible for
                              affect our business. Diversification within and across our                    engagement activities and IG Wealth Management
                              investment portfolios aids in managing exposure to any                        monitors their practices as part of regular due diligence
                              one company, sector or geographic region that might be                        and oversight.
                              exposed to climate-related risks. We are also exposed to                      Mackenzie Investments is a founding participant in
                              the impact of extreme weather events on our corporate                         Climate Engagement Canada and participates in CERES’
                              properties which could lead to business disruption, and                       Investor Network on Climate Risk. Both Mackenzie and
                              on the valuations of investment properties and client                         IG Wealth Management joined Climate Action 100+ and
                              mortgages, which if not addressed proactively, could                          became founding signatories to the Canadian Investor
                              affect financial performance and the ability to use the                       Statement on Climate Change.
                              assets long-term.

                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  69
                                   C  66                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Metrics and Targets                                                                     related risks and opportunities in investment strategies.
We set, monitor and report on climate change-related                                    The teams have access to ESG data tools and metrics to
metrics and targets annually in our CDP response, our                                   support their assessment.
IGM Sustainability Report and our Mackenzie Investments                                 We currently report Scopes 1, 2 and certain Scope 3
Sustainable Investing report which are available on our                                 GHG emissions, including a portion of our investment
websites. At Mackenzie, each boutique investment team                                   emissions and weighted average carbon intensity. As
is responsible for integrating material ESG factors into its                            tools and data improve, we continue to enhance our
investment process, including determining appropriate                                   emissions measurement and reporting.
GHG emissions and other metrics to assess climate-




The Financial Services Environment
Canadians held $6.7 trillion in discretionary financial assets                          largest investment fund managers. We believe that
with financial institutions at December 31, 2023 based                                  investment funds are likely to remain the preferred
on the most recent report from Investor Economics. The                                  savings vehicle of Canadians. They offer the benefits
nature of holdings was diverse, ranging from demand                                     of diversification, professional management, flexibility
deposits held for short-term cash management purposes                                   and convenience, and are available in a broad range
to longer-term investments held for retirement purposes.                                of mandates and structures to meet most investor
Approximately 60% ($4.0 trillion) of these financial assets                             requirements and preferences.
are held within the context of a relationship with a                                    Traditional distinctions between bank branches,
financial advisor, and this is the primary channel serving                              full-service brokerages, financial planning firms and
the longer-term savings needs of Canadians. Of the $2.4                                 insurance agent sales forces have become obscured
trillion held outside of a financial advisory relationship,                             as many of these financial service providers strive to
approximately 61% consisted of bank deposits.                                           offer comprehensive financial advice implemented
Financial advisors represent the primary distribution                                   through access to a broad product shelf. Accordingly,
channel for IGM Financial’s products and services, and                                  the Canadian financial services industry is characterized
the core emphasis of our business model is to support                                   by a number of large, diversified, vertically-integrated
these financial advisors as they work with clients to plan                              participants, similar to IGM Financial, that offer both
for and achieve their financial goals. Multiple sources                                 financial planning and investment management services.
of research show significantly better financial outcomes                                Canadian banks distribute financial products and services
for Canadians who use financial advisors compared to                                    through their traditional bank branches, as well as through
those who do not. We actively promote the value of                                      their full service and discount brokerage subsidiaries.
financial advice and the importance of a relationship with                              Bank branches continue to place increased emphasis on
an advisor to develop and remain focused on long-term                                   both financial planning and mutual funds. In addition,
financial plans and goals.                                                              each of the “big six” banks has one or more mutual fund




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Approximately 36% of Canadian discretionary financial                                   management subsidiaries. Collectively, mutual fund assets
assets or $2.4 trillion resided in investment funds at                                  of the “big six” bank-owned mutual fund managers
December 31, 2023, making it the largest financial asset                                and affiliated firms represented 48% of total industry
class held by Canadians. Other asset types include                                      long-term mutual fund assets at June 30, 2025.
deposit products and direct securities such as stocks                                   The Canadian mutual fund industry continues to be
and bonds. Approximately 74% of investment funds                                        very concentrated, with the 10 largest firms and their
are comprised of mutual fund products, with other                                       subsidiaries representing 72% of industry long-term
product categories including segregated funds, hedge                                    mutual fund assets and 72% of total mutual fund AUM at
funds, pooled funds, closed end funds and exchange                                      June 30, 2025. We anticipate continuing consolidation in
traded funds. With $201 billion in investment fund AUM                                  this segment of the industry as smaller participants are
at June 30, 2025, IGM Financial is among the country’s                                  acquired by larger organizations.


70 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                    C  67
                              We believe that the financial services industry will                          competitive challenges and capitalize on future growth
                              continue to be influenced by the following trends:                            opportunities.
                              • Shifting demographics as the number of Canadians in                         Our competitive strength includes:
                                their prime savings and retirement years continues to                       • Broad and diversified distribution through more
                                increase.                                                                     than 35,000 financial advisors, with an emphasis on
                              • Changes in investor attitudes based on economic                               comprehensive financial planning.
                                conditions.                                                                 • Broad product capabilities, leading brands and quality
                              • Continued importance of the role of the financial                             sub-advisory relationships.
                                advisor.                                                                    • Enduring client relationships and the long-standing
                              • Public policy related to retirement savings.                                  heritages and cultures of its subsidiaries.
                              • Changes in the regulatory environment.                                      • Benefits of being part of the Power Corporation group
                              • A highly competitive landscape.                                               of companies.
                              • Advancing and changing technology.
                                                                                                            Broad and Diversified Distribution
                              The Competitive Landscape                                                     In addition to owning one of Canada’s largest financial
                                                                                                            planning organizations, IG Wealth Management, IGM
                              IGM Financial’s Wealth Management segment competes
                                                                                                            Financial has, through Mackenzie, access to distribution
                              directly with other retail financial service providers in the
                                                                                                            through over 30,000 independent financial advisors.
                              advice segment, including other financial planning firms,
                                                                                                            Mackenzie also, in its growing strategic alliance business,
                              as well as full service brokerages, banks and insurance
                                                                                                            partners with global manufacturing and distribution
                              companies. Its Asset Management segment competes
                                                                                                            entities to provide investment management services.
                              directly with other investment managers for AUM. Our
                              products compete with stocks, bonds and other asset
                                                                                                            Broad Product Capabilities
                              classes for a share of clients’ investment assets.
                                                                                                            Our subsidiaries continue to develop and launch
                              Competition from other financial service providers,
                                                                                                            innovative products and strategic investment planning
                              alternative product types or delivery channels, and
                                                                                                            tools to assist advisors in building optimized portfolios
                              changes in regulations or public preferences could
                                                                                                            for clients.
                              impact the characteristics of our product and service
                              offerings, including pricing, product structures, dealer
                                                                                                            Enduring Client Relationships
                              and advisor compensation and disclosure. We monitor
                              developments on an ongoing basis, and engage in                               IGM Financial enjoys significant advantages as a result of
                              policy discussions and develop product and service                            the enduring relationships that advisors have developed
                              responses as appropriate.                                                     with clients. In addition, our subsidiaries have strong
                                                                                                            heritages and cultures which are challenging for
                              IGM Financial continues to focus on our commitment                            competitors to replicate.
                              to provide quality investment advice and financial
                              products, service innovations, effective and responsible                      Part of the Power Corporation Group of Companies
                              management of the Company and long-term value
                              for our clients and shareholders. This includes efforts                       As part of the Power Corporation group of companies,
                              to modernize our digital platforms and technology                             IGM Financial benefits through expense savings from




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              infrastructure to enhance operations, achieve efficiencies                    shared service arrangements, as well as through access
                              and improve the service experience for our clients. We                        to distribution, products and capital.
                              believe that IGM Financial is well-positioned to meet




                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 71
                                   C  68                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates                                                   These tests involve the use of estimates and assumptions
                                                                                           appropriate in the circumstances. In assessing the
There were no changes to the Company’s assumptions
                                                                                           recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are
related to critical accounting estimates from those
                                                                                           used that include discounted cash flow analysis and
reported at December 31, 2024, except as follows:
                                                                                           application of capitalization multiples to financial and
• Goodwill and intangible assets – The Company                                             operating metrics based upon precedent acquisition
  completed its annual impairment tests of goodwill and                                    transactions and trading comparables. Assumptions
  indefinite life intangible assets based on April 1, 2025                                 and estimates employed include future changes in
  financial information and determined there was no                                        assets under management resulting from net sales and
  impairment in the value of those assets.                                                 investment returns, pricing and profit margin changes,
  The Company tests the fair value of goodwill and                                         discount rates, and capitalization multiples.
  indefinite life intangible assets for impairment at
  least once a year and more frequently if an event or                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
  circumstance indicates the asset may be impaired.                                     IGM Financial has not adopted any changes in
  An impairment loss is recognized if the amount of                                     accounting policies in 2025.
  the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
  amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an                                    Future Accounting Changes
  asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value
  in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment,                                     The Company continuously monitors the changes
  assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which                                     proposed by the International Accounting Standards
  there are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash                                  Board (IASB) and analyzes the effect that changes in the
  generating units). Finite life intangible assets are                                  standards may have on the Company’s operations.
  tested for impairment whenever events or changes in                                   The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects
  circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may                                  which will result in changes to existing IFRS standards that
  not be recoverable.                                                                   may affect the Company. Updates will be provided as
                                                                                        the projects develop.




Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
During the second quarter of 2025, there have been no
changes in the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting.




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




72   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                    C  69
                              Other Information
                              Transactions with Related Parties                                          Outstanding Share Data
                              There were no changes to the types of related party                        Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as
                              transactions from those reported at December 31,                           at June 30, 2025 totalled 236,054,793. Outstanding
                              2024. For further information on transactions involving                    stock options as at June 30, 2025 totalled 7,827,494 of
                              related parties, see Notes 3, 10 and 28 to the Company’s                   which 4,911,449 were exercisable. As at July 31, 2025,
                              Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2024                     outstanding common shares totalled 235,822,111 and
                              IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.                                          outstanding stock options totalled 7,727,676 of which
                                                                                                         4,811,631 were exercisable.

                                                                                                         SEDAR
                                                                                                         Additional information relating to IGM Financial,
                                                                                                         including the Company’s most recent financial
                                                                                                         statements and Annual Information Form, is available
                                                                                                         at www.sedarplus.ca.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 73
                                  C  70                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)
                                                                                                               Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                          June 30                          June 30
                                                                                                                 2025        2024                2025         2024
Revenues
 Wealth management (Note 3)                                                                            $      649,456 $       590,046    $ 1,288,940 $ 1,172,611

 Asset management                                                                                             253,816         245,846         511,748        487,712
 Dealer compensation expense                                                                                  (82,309)        (81,072)       (167,401)      (161,164)
 Net asset management (Note 3)                                                                                171,507         164,774         344,347        326,548

 Net investment income and other                                                                               11,665           9,970          19,397         25,597
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 7)                                                          60,092          51,515         115,835        103,215
                                                                                                              892,720         816,305        1,768,519     1,627,971
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                            304,796         278,527         606,051        544,154
 Operations and support                                                                                       213,822         205,963         429,627        409,791
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                  21,684          19,069          43,408         36,904
 Interest                                                                                                      32,260          32,228          64,234         64,478
                                                                                                              572,562         535,787        1,143,320     1,055,327
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                  320,158         280,518         625,199        572,644
Income taxes                                                                                                   71,578          63,269         141,178        130,587
Net earnings                                                                                                  248,580         217,249         484,021        442,057
Non-controlling interest (Note 7)                                                                              (1,871)         (1,062)         (3,535)        (2,485)
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                          $      246,709 $       216,187    $    480,486 $      439,572
Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 14)
 Net earnings available to common shareholders
  – Basic                                                                                              $           1.04 $        0.91    $        2.03 $           1.85
  – Diluted                                                                                            $           1.04 $        0.91    $        2.02 $           1.85
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




74    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                C  71
                              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                                        Three months ended                             Six months ended
                                                                                                                                                   June 30                                      June 30
                                                                                                                                          2025        2024                            2025         2024

                              Net earnings                                                                                      $      248,580 $            217,249           $     484,021 $   442,057

                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                               Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
                                 Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 4), net of tax of $(34,702),
                                  $(13,828), $(36,762) and $(29,094)                                                                   229,879                95,068                243,074     192,883
                                 Employee benefits
                                  Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $(4,854), $(5,863), $(4,689)
                                  and $(15,945)                                                                                         13,211                16,050                 12,764      43,420
                                 Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                       406                2,968                  785        2,540

                               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
                                 Investment in associates and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $7,518, $(1,124),
                                  $7,010 and $(1,525)                                                                                 (115,361)               18,866                (95,050)     42,452
                                                                                                                                       128,135              132,952                 161,573     281,295
                              Total comprehensive income                                                                               376,715              350,201                 645,594     723,352
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                   (1,871)               (1,062)               (3,535)     (2,485)
                              Total comprehensive income available to common shareholders                                       $      374,844 $            349,139           $     642,059 $   720,867
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                       75
                                    C  72                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                                     June 30       December 31
                                                                                                                                        2025             2024
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                      $      830,701 $         910,278
Other investments (Note 4)                                                                                                          1,754,064         1,468,457
Client funds on deposit                                                                                                             2,942,218         3,723,661
Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                        315,971           268,413
Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                               39,418             1,281
Loans (Note 5)                                                                                                                      5,405,511         5,462,405
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                       21,259            36,022
Other assets                                                                                                                          224,318           187,139
Investment in associates (Note 7)                                                                                                   3,958,558         3,979,744
Capital assets                                                                                                                        317,064           309,119
Capitalized sales commissions                                                                                                         428,972           418,996
Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                     483             3,486
Intangible assets                                                                                                                   1,281,698         1,277,200
Goodwill                                                                                                                            2,636,771         2,636,771
Total assets                                                                                                                   $   20,157,006 $      20,682,972

Liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                       $      443,637 $         492,326
Income taxes payable                                                                                                                   21,615            33,464
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                       21,788            25,721
Client deposits                                                                                                                     2,923,007         3,702,514
Other liabilities                                                                                                                     446,826           409,524
Obligations to securitization entities (Note 6)                                                                                     4,959,330         5,024,916
Lease obligations                                                                                                                     158,009           160,804
Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                 609,416           563,297
Long-term debt                                                                                                                      2,400,000         2,400,000
Total liabilities                                                                                                                  11,983,628        12,812,566

Equity
Share capital
 Common shares                                                                                                                      1,796,398         1,785,233
Contributed surplus                                                                                                                    54,541            54,589
Retained earnings                                                                                                                   5,024,314         4,890,896
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                       1,212,759         1,070,057
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                          8,088,012         7,800,775
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                               85,366            69,631
Total equity                                                                                                                        8,173,378         7,870,406




                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                   $   20,157,006 $      20,682,972
These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on August 6, 2025.
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




76    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  73
                              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                 Share                                                    Accumulated
                                                                                                capital                                                          other
                                                                                           – Common                                                       comprehensive                   Non-
                                                                                                shares          Contributed              Retained         income (loss)             controlling      Total
                              Six months ended June 30                                        (Note 8)               surplus             earnings             (Note 11)                interest     equity
                              2025
                              Balance, beginning of period                               $ 1,785,233 $                 54,589 $ 4,890,896 $ 1,070,057 $                                69,631 $ 7,870,406
                              Net earnings                                                               –                     –          480,486                     –                  3,535    484,021
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                              –                     –                –               161,573                      –    161,573
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                          –                     –          480,486               161,573                  3,535    645,594
                              Common shares
                                Issued under stock option plan                                   30,534                        –                    –                    –                   –      30,534
                                Purchased for cancellation                                      (19,369)                       –                    –                    –                   –     (19,369)
                              Stock options
                                Current period expense                                                   –              1,764                   –                        –                  –         1,764
                                Exercised                                                                –             (1,812)                  –                        –                  –        (1,812)
                              Common share dividends                                                     –                  –            (266,003)                       –                  –     (266,003)
                              Issuance of non-controlling interest (Note 7)                              –                  –                   –                        –             12,200       12,200
                              Transfer out of fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                                                       –                     –            18,871              (18,871)                     –           –
                              Common share cancellation excess and other                                 –                     –           (99,936)                   –                      –     (99,936)
                              Balance, end of period                                     $ 1,796,398 $                 54,541 $ 5,024,314 $ 1,212,759 $                                85,366 $ 8,173,378

                              2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                               $ 1,690,626 $                 57,926 $ 4,595,620 $                     316,290 $              59,946 $ 6,720,408
                              Net earnings                                                               –                     –          439,572                     –                  2,485    442,057
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                              –                     –                –               281,295                      –    281,295
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                          –                     –          439,572               281,295                  2,485    723,352
                              Common shares
                               Issued under stock option plan                                        623                       –                    –                    –                   –         623
                               Purchased for cancellation                                         (9,792)                      –                    –                    –                   –      (9,792)
                              Stock options
                               Current period expense                                                    –               1,700                  –                        –                   –        1,700
                               Exercised                                                                 –                 (30)                 –                        –                   –           (30)
                              Common share dividends                                                     –                   –           (266,975)                       –                   –    (266,975)
                              Dividends to non-controlling interest                                      –                   –                  –                        –              (2,240)      (2,240)
                              Transfer out of fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                                                       –                     –                (38)                    38                   –           –
                              Common share cancellation excess and other                                 –                     –           (41,252)                      –                   –     (41,252)
                              Balance, end of period                                     $ 1,681,457 $                 59,596 $ 4,726,927 $                     597,623 $              60,191 $ 7,125,794
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                            77
                                    C  74                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
Six months ended June 30                                                                                                              2025             2024
Operating activities
 Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                 $    625,199 $      572,644
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                                (168,383)      (112,202)
 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
  Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                          56,170        51,528
  Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                                (61,635)      (65,278)
  Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                               48,957        46,003
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                            (22,825)        2,185
  Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                          2,510         4,919
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                           (115,167)       (28,091)
  Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                          364,826        471,708
  Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                            (9,197)       (18,937)
                                                                                                                                  355,629        452,771
Financing activities
 Net decrease in client certificates                                                                                                      –              (5)
 Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                646,748        644,245
 Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                   (737,942)      (694,419)
 Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                                      (9,642)       (13,517)
 Issue of common shares                                                                                                             28,722             593
 Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                         (113,645)        (49,121)
 Common share dividends paid                                                                                                      (267,030)      (267,732)
                                                                                                                                  (452,789)      (379,956)
Investing activities
 Purchase of other investments                                                                                                      (68,637)       (61,028)
 Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                         57,047         44,339
 Increase in loans                                                                                                                (913,233)      (672,641)
 Repayment of loans and other                                                                                                      995,363        581,228
 Net additions to capital assets                                                                                                    (19,887)         (8,508)
 Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                          (33,070)       (46,624)
                                                                                                                                    17,583       (163,234)
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             (79,577)       (90,419)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                    910,278        544,633
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                      $   830,701 $      454,214

Cash                                                                                                                          $   598,002 $      337,795
Cash equivalents                                                                                                                  232,699        116,419
                                                                                                                              $   830,701 $      454,214




                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities
 Interest and dividends received                                                                                              $   208,642 $      209,708
 Interest paid                                                                                                                $   157,472 $      150,624
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




78    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                    C  75
                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                              June 30, 2025 (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)


                              Note 1. Corporate information

                              IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The
                              registered address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled by
                              Power Corporation of Canada (Power).
                              IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through its
                              principal subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The Company’s
                              wholly-owned principal subsidiaries are Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie). Effective
                              July 1, 2025, Investors Group Inc. changed its name to IGWM Inc.


                              Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

                              The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (Interim Financial Statements)
                              have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, using the
                              accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31,
                              2024. The Interim Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements in
                              the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.

                              Future accounting changes
                              The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
                              analyzes the effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.


                              Note 3. Revenues from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                               Three months ended                               Six months ended
                                                                                                                                          June 30                                        June 30
                                                                                                                                  2025                  2024                   2025         2024
                              Advisory fees                                                                            $      346,285 $            315,228           $      688,358 $    624,365
                              Product and program fees                                                                        260,149              240,088                  520,752      472,334
                                                                                                                              606,434              555,316                 1,209,110    1,096,699
                              Other financial planning revenues                                                                43,022               34,730                    79,830       75,912
                              Wealth management                                                                               649,456              590,046                 1,288,940    1,172,611
                              Asset management                                                                                253,816              245,846                  511,748       487,712
                              Dealer compensation expense                                                                     (82,309)             (81,072)                (167,401)     (161,164)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Net asset management                                                                            171,507              164,774                  344,347      326,548
                              Net revenues from contracts with customers                                               $      820,963 $            754,820           $ 1,633,287 $ 1,499,159

                              Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial
                              services. Advisory fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement.
                              Product and program fees, related to investment management and administration services, are associated with
                              assets under management. Other financial planning revenues include insurance, banking products and services, and
                              mortgage lending activities.
                              Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends on the
                              level and composition of assets under management.


                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                      79
                                   C  76                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 4. Other investments

                                                                                                                       June 30, 2025             December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                Cost         Fair value            Cost        Fair value
Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
 Corporate investments                                                                              $      293,003 $ 1,611,494            $     289,904 $ 1,350,376
Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
 Equity securities                                                                                           1,802              2,086             1,772           1,974
 Proprietary investment funds                                                                              127,901            140,484           107,782         116,107
                                                                                                           129,703            142,570           109,554         118,081
                                                                                                    $      422,706 $ 1,754,064            $     399,458 $ 1,468,457

Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and
managing client money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership
controlled by Power. The investment is classified at FVTOCI. IGM Financial Inc. holds a 26.7% economic interest in
Wealthsimple (December 31, 2024 – 27.2%).
At June 30, 2025, the Company increased the fair value of its investment in Wealthsimple to $1,476 million
(December 31, 2024 – $1,219 million). The increase in fair value considers the increase in public market peer valuations,
Wealthsimple’s business performance and revised revenue expectations, as well as recent third party secondary
transactions. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the investments’ securities where available,
discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable
public companies.


Note 5. Loans

                                                                                                        Contractual maturity
                                                                                                                                           June 30          December 31
                                                                                    1 year                 1–5               Over             2025                2024
                                                                                    or less                years           5 years           Total                Total
Amortized cost
 Residential mortgages                                                       $ 1,459,964          $ 3,894,957          $ 11,616      $    5,366,537     $      5,463,188
Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                      760                   783
                                                                                                                                          5,365,777            5,462,405
Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                             39,734                     –
                                                                                                                                     $    5,405,511     $      5,462,405
The change in the allowance for expected credit losses is
as follows:
  Balance, beginning of period                                                                                                       $          783     $             737
  Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                                  (31)                 (111)




                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  Change in expected credit losses                                                                                                                 8                  157
  Balance, end of period                                                                                                             $          760     $             783

Total credit impaired loans as at June 30, 2025 were $3.2 million (December 31, 2024 – $3.5 million).
Total interest income on loans was $107.3 million (2024 – $98.0 million). Total interest expense on obligations to
securitization entities, related to securitized loans, was $94.5 million (2024 – $81.3 million). Gains realized on the sale
of residential mortgages totalled $2.8 million (2024 – $0.5 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking
operations totalled negative $2.2 million (2024 – negative $5.4 million). These amounts were included in Wealth
management revenue. Wealth management revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including
portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.



80 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      C  77
                              Note 6. Securitizations

                              The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC)
                              sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB)
                              Program and through Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions
                              do not meet the requirements for derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of
                              credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting
                              liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.
                              The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of
                              the CMB transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and
                              receives investment returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this
                              swap, related to the obligation to pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal,
                              and the hedging swap used to manage exposure to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as
                              derivatives with a fair value of negative $5.5 million at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 – negative $7.9 million).
                              All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer
                              under the program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement
                              which are recorded at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts
                              have no recourse to the Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.
                                                                                                                                                                      Obligations
                                                                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                               Securitized            securitization
                                                                                                                                               mortgages                  entities            Net
                              June 30, 2025
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                       $ 2,477,878            $ 2,495,022        $   (17,144)
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                             2,418,832              2,464,308            (45,476)
                               Total                                                                                                         $ 4,896,710            $ 4,959,330        $   (62,620)
                              Fair value                                                                                                     $ 4,996,448            $ 5,083,835        $   (87,387)

                              December 31, 2024
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                       $ 2,494,701            $ 2,475,814        $   18,887
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                             2,551,546              2,549,102             2,444
                               Total                                                                                                         $ 5,046,247            $ 5,024,916        $   21,331
                              Fair value                                                                                                     $ 5,078,431            $ 5,098,441        $   (20,010)

                              The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal
                              payments received on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue
                              costs are amortized over the life of the obligation on an effective interest rate basis.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                      81
                                   C  78                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 7. Investment in associates

                                                                             Lifeco        ChinaAMC            Rockefeller           Northleaf          Other                  Total
June 30, 2025
Balance, beginning of period                                       $      633,475 $ 2,030,081 $                     903,208 $          353,565 $       59,415 $ 3,979,744
Additions                                                                        –          –                             –             61,000              –      61,000
Dividends                                                                  (27,006)   (66,004)                            –                  –              –     (93,010)
Proportionate share of:
 Earnings (losses)                                                          41,989               60,261                (4,976)          17,677 (1)       884              115,835
 Other comprehensive income (loss) and
 other adjustments                                                          17,954              (72,434)             (47,235)            (3,296)              –          (105,011)
Balance, end of period                                             $      666,412 $ 1,951,904 $                     850,997 $          428,946 $       60,299 $ 3,958,558

June 30, 2024
Balance, beginning of period                                       $      589,288 $ 1,885,223 $                     844,795 $          301,845 $       38,023 $ 3,659,174
Additions                                                                       –           –                            85                  –         10,000      10,085
Dividends                                                                 (24,571)    (72,926)                            –             (7,903)             –    (105,400)
Proportionate share of:
 Earnings (losses)                                                          46,415               55,228              (10,583)           12,423 (1)       (268)            103,215
 Other comprehensive income (loss) and
 other adjustments                                                          (1,692)              13,194               27,840                  –               –            39,342
Balance, end of period                                             $      609,440 $ 1,880,719 $                     862,137 $          306,365 $       47,755 $ 3,706,416
(1) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings net of Non-controlling interest was $14,142 (2024 – $9,938).


The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Great-West Lifeco Inc.
(Lifeco), China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller), and Northleaf
Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence.

Northleaf
Additional consideration of up to $245.0 million may be payable in the fourth quarter of 2025, subject to Northleaf
achieving exceptional growth in certain performance measures. As at June 30, 2025, the estimated fair value of
the additional consideration was $101.0 million (December 31, 2024 – $40.0 million). The change in fair value of
$61.0 million during 2025 was recorded as an adjustment to the cost of the Company’s investment in Northleaf,
of which $12.2 million was attributable to Non-controlling interest.


Note 8. Share capital

Authorized
   Unlimited number of:
    First preferred shares, issuable in series




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
    Second preferred shares, issuable in series
    Class 1 non-voting shares
    Common shares, no par value

Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                         June 30, 2025                            June 30, 2024
                                                                                                           Shares             Stated value           Shares           Stated value
Common shares:
 Balance, beginning of period                                                                      237,878,838            $      1,785,233     238,131,738        $     1,690,626
 Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                        735,055                      30,534          17,076                    623
 Purchased for cancellation                                                                         (2,559,100)                    (19,369)     (1,379,000)                (9,792)
 Balance, end of period                                                                            236,054,793            $      1,796,398     236,769,814        $     1,681,457


82     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         C  79
                              Normal course issuer bid
                              On December 23, 2024, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until
                              December 22, 2025, when the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant to
                              the notice of intention filed with the TSX. Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 5.0 million or 2.1%
                              of its common shares outstanding as at December 9, 2024. On December 21, 2023, the Company commenced a
                              NCIB, effective until December 20, 2024, which authorized it to purchase up to 3 million or 1.3% of its common shares
                              outstanding as at December 7, 2023.
                              In the second quarter of 2025, there were 804,400 shares (2024 – 1,039,000) purchased at a cost of $34.9 million (2024
                              – $37.1 million). In the six months ended June 30, 2025, there were 2,559,100 shares (2024 – 1,379,000) purchased at a
                              cost of $113.6 million (2024 – $49.1 million). The premium paid to purchase the shares in excess of the stated value was
                              charged to Retained earnings.
                              In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common
                              shares. The automatic securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common
                              shares are to be purchased under the NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to
                              pre-established parameters. Outside of these pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the
                              Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon management’s discretion.


                              Note 9. Capital management

                              The capital management policies, procedures and activities of the Company are discussed in the Capital Resources
                              section of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Second Quarter 2025 Report to
                              Shareholders and in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report
                              and have not changed significantly since December 31, 2024.


                              Note 10. Share-based payments

                              Stock option plan
                                                                                                                                                              June 30            December 31
                                                                                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                              Common share options
                               – Outstanding                                                                                                               7,827,494                8,026,118
                               – Exercisable                                                                                                               4,911,449                4,786,815

                              In the second quarter of 2025, the Company granted 1,164 options to employees (2024 – 9,238). In the six months
                              ended June 30, 2025, the Company granted 539,310 options to employees (2024 – 673,814). The weighted-average
                              fair value of options granted during the six months ended June 30, 2025, has been estimated at $6.58 per option
                              (2024 – $4.15) using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted-average closing share price at the grant
                              date was $45.18.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Other assumptions used in these valuation methods include:
                              Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                    2025           2024
                              Exercise price                                                                                                                         $     44.55    $     35.68
                              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                       3.09%          3.61%
                              Expected option life                                                                                                                       7 years        7 years
                              Expected volatility                                                                                                                          24.00%         24.00%
                              Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                       4.98%          6.33%




                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                     83
                                   C  80                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years
which is reflective of the expected option life. Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and
are exercisable no later than 10 years after the grant date.


Note 11. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                         Investment
                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                         Employee               Other      associates
                                                                                                          benefits        investments     and other               Total
June 30, 2025
Balance, beginning of period                                                                         $        34,075 $       917,297 $      118,685 $ 1,070,057
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                             12,764         243,074        (94,265)    161,573
Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                             –         (18,871)             –     (18,871)
Balance, end of period                                                                               $        46,839 $ 1,141,500 $           24,420 $ 1,212,759

June 30, 2024
Balance, beginning of period                                                                         $       (13,995) $      393,956 $       (63,671) $     316,290
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                             43,420         192,883          44,992        281,295
Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                             –              38               –             38
Balance, end of period                                                                               $        29,425 $       586,877 $       (18,679) $     597,623

Amounts are recorded net of tax.


Note 12. Risk management

The risk management policies and procedures of the Company are discussed in the Financial Risk section of the
Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Second Quarter 2025 Report to Shareholders
and in Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not
changed significantly since December 31, 2024.


Note 13. Fair value of financial instruments

Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and
may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of
significant judgment.
All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one
of three levels that distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.
Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
most advantageous market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level
input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
     Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
     Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;
               quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other
               than quoted prices that are observable or corroborated by observable market data; and
     Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily
               model-based.




84 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                    C  81
                              Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may
                              be characterized by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or
                              erratic bid/offer spreads. In those instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is
                              measured using valuation models which may utilize predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize
                              predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management considers all reasonably available information
                              including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments, recent arm’s length market
                              transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management exercises
                              judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the
                              selection of valuation methodologies.
                              Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:
                                Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active
                                markets, when available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that
                                require assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible,
                                observable market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.

                                Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.

                                Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.

                                Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with
                                arm’s length third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.

                                Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market
                                yields for securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.

                                Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.

                                Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates
                                for instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

                              Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and
                              other financial liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.
                              Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments and long-term
                              debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
                              quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined using valuation models, discounted cash flow
                              methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term debt is
                              determined using indicative broker quotes.
                              Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes,
                              loans, other financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative
                              financial instruments consist of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap
                              entered into under the CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the
                              projected cashflows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used to determine the fair value of the
                              swap, is determined using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on historical prepayment
                              patterns. An increase (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional amount
                              of the swap. Level 3 Other investments of $1,611.5 million are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial
                              technology companies, including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $1,476 million. Fair value is determined by using
                              observable transactions in the investments’ securities, where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation
                              metrics, including revenue multiples, used in the valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease)
                              to forecasted cash flows or revenue multiples would result in an increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s
                              investment in Wealthsimple of approximately $74 million.



                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                 85
                                   C  82                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including
their levels in the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value
and those recorded at amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial
liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items
include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other financial
assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, client deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.
                                                                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                      Carrying
                                                                                         value                 Level 1               Level 2      Level 3            Total
June 30, 2025
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                       $ 1,611,494            $          –          $          –    $ 1,611,494   $ 1,611,494
   – FVTPL                                                                            142,570                 142,570                     –              –       142,570
 Loans
   – FVTPL                                                                               39,734                            –         39,734             –        39,734
 Derivative financial instruments                                                        21,259                            –         17,221         4,038        21,259
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
   – Amortized cost                                                                  5,365,777                             –        465,636     4,996,448     5,462,084
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                        21,788                            –         11,459        10,329        21,788
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                              4,959,330                             –               –    5,083,835     5,083,835
 Long-term debt                                                                      2,400,000                             –       2,483,234            –     2,483,234

December 31, 2024
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                       $ 1,350,376            $          –          $          –    $ 1,350,376   $ 1,350,376
   – FVTPL                                                                            118,081                 118,081                     –              –       118,081
 Derivative financial instruments                                                      36,022                       –                30,212          5,810        36,022
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
   – Amortized cost                                                                  5,462,405                             –        413,443     5,078,431     5,491,874
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                        25,721                            –         16,317         9,404        25,721
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                              5,024,916                             –               –    5,098,441     5,098,441
 Long-term debt                                                                      2,400,000                             –       2,485,403            –     2,485,403




                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




86 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     C  83
                              There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2025 and 2024.
                              The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
                              basis. There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2025 and 2024.
                                                                                                                                    Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                                        included
                                                                                                         Gains (losses)                  in Other             Purchases
                                                                                         Balance          included in              comprehensive                    and                                 Balance
                                                                                       January 1         Net earnings (1)                 income              issuances           Settlements           June 30
                              June 30, 2025
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                            $ 1,350,376 $                         – $                279,831 $                6,847 $             25,560 $      1,611,494
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                     (3,594)                       (197)                       –                    (74)               2,426           (6,291)

                              June 30, 2024
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                            $     721,379 $                       – $                222,022 $              11,692 $                 179 $       954,914
                               – FVTPL                                                    11,429                         –                        –                     –                     –          11,429
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                        7,721                    (2,439)                       –                (1,763)               (3,670)          7,189
                              (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                              Note 14. Earnings per common share

                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended                        Six months ended
                                                                                                                                                              June 30                                 June 30
                                                                                                                                                       2025                2024              2025          2024
                              Earnings
                               Net earnings                                                                                                 $      248,580 $ 217,249 $                    484,021 $ 442,057
                               Non-controlling interest                                                                                             (1,871)   (1,062)                      (3,535)   (2,485)
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                $      246,709 $ 216,187 $                    480,486 $ 439,572
                              Number of common shares (in thousands)
                               Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                                236,435            237,232             236,850       237,646
                               Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                                 801                165                 881           142
                               Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                         237,236            237,397             237,731       237,788
                              Earnings per common share (in dollars)
                               Basic                                                                                                        $           1.04 $              0.91 $            2.03 $        1.85
                               Diluted                                                                                                      $           1.04 $              0.91 $            2.02 $        1.85
                              (1) Excludes 182 thousand shares for the three months ended June 30, 2025, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2024 – 1,173 thousand). Excludes
                                  135 thousand shares for the six months ended June 30, 2025, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2024 – 1,229 thousand).




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   87
                                     C  84                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 15. Contingent liabilities

The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed
class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action
was certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class action concerning the same subject matter was
filed against Mackenzie.
In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The
Company has notified impacted clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost for all clients. Four proposed class
actions have been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident.
Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
does not expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect
on the Company’s consolidated financial position.


Note 16. Segmented information

The Company’s reportable segments are:
• Wealth Management
• Asset Management
• Corporate and Other
These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
• Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused
  on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
  of IG Wealth Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its
  securities dealer, mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services.
  A majority of the revenues of this segment are derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial
  products and services to Canadian households. This segment also includes the investment management activities
  of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services. This
  segment also includes the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is classified
  as an investment in associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share of earnings
  included in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for at FVTOCI and therefore has
  no impact on the segment earnings.
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
  providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments
  which provides investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third
  party dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions




                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  and other institutional investors. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC
  and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates and accounted for using the equity method. The
  proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the segment’s revenue.
• Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s
  unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.




88 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   C  85
                              2025
                                                                                                    Wealth               Asset             Corporate                 Total
                              Three months ended June 30                                        Management         Management              and Other              Segment          Adjustments (1)      Total
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                            $      653,004 $                      – $           (3,548) $          649,456 $                  – $    649,456

                               Asset management                                                             –           280,097               (26,281)             253,816                    –      253,816
                               Dealer compensation                                                          –           (80,870)                (1,439)            (82,309)                   –      (82,309)
                               Net asset management                                                         –           199,227               (27,720)             171,507                    –      171,507

                               Net investment income and other                                        2,199                5,011                4,455               11,665                   –        11,665
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                             (377)              39,015               27,431               66,069              (5,977)       60,092
                                                                                                   654,826              243,253                     618            898,697              (5,977)      892,720
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                   283,452                21,346                    (2)            304,796                    –      304,796
                               Operations and support                                              116,136                96,879                  807              213,822                    –      213,822
                               Sub-advisory                                                         51,574                 1,378              (31,268)              21,684                    –       21,684
                                                                                                   451,162              119,603               (30,463)             540,302                    –      540,302
                                                                                                   203,664              123,650                31,081              358,395              (5,977)      352,418
                              Interest expense(2)                                                   25,763                6,497                     –               32,260                   –        32,260
                              Earnings before income taxes                                         177,901              117,153                31,081              326,135              (5,977)      320,158
                              Income taxes                                                          47,043               23,548                   987               71,578                   –        71,578
                                                                                                   130,858                93,605               30,094              254,557              (5,977)      248,580
                              Non-controlling interest                                                   –                (1,871)                   –               (1,871)                  –        (1,871)
                                                                                            $      130,858 $              91,734 $             30,094              252,686              (5,977)      246,709
                              Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                  (5,977)             5,977             –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                 $      246,709 $                  – $    246,709
                              (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to
                                  reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                              89
                                     C  86                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
2024
                                                                         Wealth               Asset             Corporate             Total
Three months ended June 30                                           Management         Management              and Other          Segment     Adjustments (1)           Total
Revenues
 Wealth management                                               $      592,238 $                      – $           (2,192) $     590,046 $              – $      590,046

  Asset management                                                               –           271,493               (25,647)        245,846                –        245,846
  Dealer compensation                                                            –           (80,174)                 (898)        (81,072)               –        (81,072)
  Net asset management                                                           –           191,319               (26,545)        164,774                –        164,774

  Net investment income and other                                          2,769                3,149                4,052           9,970               –           9,970
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                             (2,463)              33,656               24,507          55,700          (4,185)         51,515
                                                                        592,544              228,124                   (178)       820,490          (4,185)        816,305
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                      257,148                21,381                    (2)       278,527                –        278,527
 Operations and support                                                 114,374                90,849                  740         205,963                –        205,963
 Sub-advisory                                                            46,413                 1,391              (28,735)         19,069                –         19,069
                                                                        417,935              113,621               (27,997)        503,559                –        503,559
                                                                        174,609              114,503                27,819         316,931          (4,185)        312,746
Interest expense(2)                                                      25,710                6,518                     –          32,228               –          32,228
Earnings before income taxes                                            148,899              107,985                27,819         284,703          (4,185)        280,518
Income taxes                                                             40,198               22,177                   894          63,269               –          63,269
                                                                        108,701                85,808               26,925         221,434          (4,185)        217,249
Non-controlling interest                                                      –                (1,062)                   –          (1,062)              –          (1,062)

                                                                 $      108,701 $              84,746 $             26,925         220,372          (4,185)        216,187
Lifeco other items    (1)
                                                                                                                                      (885)            885                  –
Rockefeller debt refinancing(1)                                                                                                      (3,300)         3,300                  –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                  $   216,187 $              – $      216,187
(1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items and Rockefeller debt refinancing are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results.
    These items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




90 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     C  87
                              2025
                                                                                                    Wealth               Asset             Corporate                 Total
                              Six months ended June 30                                          Management         Management              and Other              Segment          Adjustments (1)       Total
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                            $ 1,295,835 $                         – $           (6,895) $ 1,288,940 $                         – $ 1,288,940

                               Asset management                                                             –           564,538               (52,790)            511,748                     –       511,748
                               Dealer compensation                                                          –          (164,602)                (2,799)          (167,401)                    –      (167,401)
                               Net asset management                                                         –           399,936               (55,589)             344,347                    –       344,347

                               Net investment income and other                                        4,226                6,476                8,695               19,397                   –         19,397
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                           (4,092)              77,938               51,951              125,797              (9,962)       115,835
                                                                                                 1,295,969              484,350                 (1,838)         1,778,481               (9,962)      1,768,519
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                   558,511               47,544                     (4)            606,051                    –       606,051
                               Operations and support                                              234,029              193,974                 1,624              429,627                    –       429,627
                               Sub-advisory                                                        103,111                2,781               (62,484)              43,408                    –        43,408
                                                                                                   895,651              244,299               (60,864)          1,079,086                     –      1,079,086
                                                                                                   400,318              240,051                59,026              699,395              (9,962)       689,433
                              Interest expense(2)                                                   51,280               12,954                     –               64,234                   –         64,234
                              Earnings before income taxes                                         349,038              227,097                59,026              635,161              (9,962)       625,199
                              Income taxes                                                          93,917               45,348                 1,913              141,178                   –        141,178
                                                                                                   255,121              181,749                57,113              493,983              (9,962)       484,021
                              Non-controlling interest                                                   –               (3,535)                    –               (3,535)                  –         (3,535)
                                                                                            $      255,121 $            178,214 $              57,113              490,448              (9,962)       480,486
                              Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                  (9,962)             9,962              –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                 $      480,486 $                  – $     480,486

                              Identifiable assets                                           $ 12,212,065 $ 3,863,637 $ 1,444,533 $ 17,520,235 $                                               – $ 17,520,235
                              Goodwill                                                           1,346,245           1,290,526                         –        2,636,771                     –      2,636,771
                              Total assets                                                  $ 13,558,310 $ 5,154,163 $ 1,444,533 $ 20,157,006 $                                               – $ 20,157,006
                              (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to
                                  reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                91
                                     C  88                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
2024
                                                                         Wealth               Asset             Corporate                  Total
Six months ended June 30                                             Management         Management              and Other               Segment     Adjustments (1)           Total
Revenues
 Wealth management                                               $ 1,176,737 $                         – $           (4,126) $ 1,172,611 $                     – $ 1,172,611

 Asset management                                                                –           539,415               (51,703)              487,712               –        487,712
 Dealer compensation                                                             –          (159,470)                (1,694)            (161,164)              –       (161,164)
 Net asset management                                                            –           379,945               (53,397)             326,548                –        326,548

 Net investment income and other                                           8,043                9,675                7,879               25,597               –          25,597
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                              (7,551)              67,651               48,407              108,507          (5,292)        103,215
                                                                      1,177,229              457,271                 (1,237)           1,633,263         (5,292)      1,627,971
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                      501,324               42,834                     (4)            544,154                –        544,154
 Operations and support                                                 229,328              179,366                 1,097              409,791                –        409,791
 Sub-advisory                                                            91,750                2,676               (57,522)              36,904                –         36,904
                                                                        822,402              224,876               (56,429)             990,849                –        990,849
                                                                        354,827              232,395                55,192              642,414          (5,292)        637,122
Interest expense(2)                                                      51,460               13,018                     –               64,478               –          64,478
Earnings before income taxes                                            303,367              219,377                55,192              577,936          (5,292)        572,644
Income taxes                                                             83,468               45,311                 1,808              130,587               –         130,587
                                                                        219,899              174,066                53,384              447,349          (5,292)        442,057
Non-controlling interest                                                      –               (2,485)                    –               (2,485)              –          (2,485)

                                                                 $      219,899 $            171,581 $              53,384              444,864          (5,292)        439,572
Lifeco other items    (1)
                                                                                                                                          (1,992)         1,992                  –
Rockefeller debt refinancing(1)                                                                                                           (3,300)         3,300                  –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                      $    439,572 $              – $      439,572

Identifiable assets                                              $ 11,292,617 $ 3,620,381 $ 1,116,472 $ 16,029,470 $                                           – $ 16,029,470
Goodwill                                                              1,346,245           1,290,526                            –       2,636,771               –      2,636,771
Total assets                                                     $ 12,638,862 $ 4,910,907 $ 1,116,472 $ 18,666,241 $                                           – $ 18,666,241
(1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items and Rockefeller debt refinancing are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results.
    These items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




92 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          C  89
Page intentionally left blank.




     C  90                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.                                 Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:

Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;

Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                   www.investorcentre.com
Subordinate Voting Shares: POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Shareholder Services
                                                                   320 Bay Street, 14th Floor
                                                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 4A6
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
