Annual
Management’s
Discussion
and Analysis
March 16, 2023




Consolidated
Financial Statements
and Notes
For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                      Power Corporation of Canada
                                                      TA B L E O F C O N T E N T S


                                                                                                                                                                               PART A



                                                  This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the financial
                                                  condition, financial performance and cash flows of Power Corporation of Canada (the
                                                  Corporation) for the twelve-month and three-month periods ended December 31, 2022
                                                  and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation as at and
                                                  for the year ended December 31, 2022. This document has been filed with the
                                                  securities regulatory authorities in each of the provinces and territories of Canada
                                                  and is available under the Corporation’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.




                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                  Power Corporation of Canada
                                                  PART A

                                                                                                                                                                               PART B


                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                  PART B



                                                  IGM Financial Inc.
                                                  PART C




                                                                                                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                               PART C




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                          1




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 1                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:26 PM
                 The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of the
                 Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are used
                 with permission.




                 2                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 2                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:26 PM
                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                      Power Corporation of Canada
                                                      PART A


                                                                                                                                           PART A




                                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                                                  PAGE A 2



                                                  Financial Statements and Notes
                                                  PAGE A 103




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA    A 1




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 1                                                          2023-03-16 1:26 PM
                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                    Management’s Discussion and Analysis

                                    MARCH 16, 2023
                                    ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    The following presents Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) of the financial condition and financial performance
                                    of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a public corporation, for the
                                    twelve-month and three-month periods ended December 31, 2022. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the
                                    audited consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes thereto for the twelve-month period ended

 PART A
                                    December 31, 2022 (the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements). Additional information relating to Power Corporation,
                                    including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the Corporation’s website at www.powercorporation.com and on
                                    SEDAR at www.sedar.com.
                                    FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS › Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain
                                    assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s current expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such
                                    subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their respective MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in
                                    understanding the Corporation’s financial performance, financial position and cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present
                                    information about management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
                                    for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results,
                                    performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Corporation and its subsidiaries including the
                                    fintech strategy, the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ operations, results and dividends, as well as the outlook
                                    for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s NCIB (as defined herein) commenced in
                                    2023, the impacts of the Corporation’s sale of its interest in ChinaAMC (as defined herein) to IGM and IGM’s sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco, statements
                                    concerning deferred taxes, statements concerning the expected impact of IFRS 17 on shareholders’ equity, management of standalone businesses to realize value
                                    over time, fundraising activities by investment platforms, capital commitments by the Power group and third parties, the intended acquisition opportunity of
                                    Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation, the objective to maintain at or above a minimum level of cash and cash equivalents relative to fixed charges, and the
                                    Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed expectations, including the expectations as a result of the acquisitions of the Prudential full-service retirement business (as
                                    defined herein), the retirement services business of MassMutual (as defined herein) and related synergies, impacts and timing thereof; the impacts of the
                                    acquisitions of Affidea (as defined herein) and Sanoptis (as defined herein); and the strategic agreement with nesto (as defined herein) and timing of offerings
                                    thereunder. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include words
                                    such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar
                                    expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                    By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations,
                                    forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and
                                    priorities will not be achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and
                                    results of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or
                                    anticipated events or results. These factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors
                                    in North America and internationally, fluctuations in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of
                                    local and global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid
                                    securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties
                                    associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying future accounting changes, business competition, operational and
                                    reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government regulation and legislation, changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial or
                                    regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts (such as the invasion of Ukraine), or an outbreak of a
                                    public health pandemic or other public health crises (such as COVID-19), the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate
                                    acquisitions and implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, and with
                                    respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                    The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking
                                    statements. Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or
                                    making a forecast or projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, that any required
                                    approvals (including regulatory approvals) for strategic transactions, acquisitions, divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be received when and
                                    on such terms as are expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances, including the availability of cash to
                                    complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties in the previous paragraph, collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on
                                    the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the risks identified
                                    by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A and Annual Information Form most recently filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available
                                    at www.sedar.com. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available to management, they may
                                    prove to be incorrect.
                                    Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect
                                    events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new
                                    information, future events or results, or otherwise.
                                    Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in
                                    forward‐looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the
                                    securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedar.com.
                                    NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES › This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial
                                    Reporting Standards (IFRS). Terms by which non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings”, “adjusted net
                                    earnings per share”, “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”, “consolidated assets and assets under management”, “consolidated assets and
                                    assets under administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance,
                                    financial condition and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results
                                    of the Corporation. These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other entities. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
                                    Measures” in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to measures prescribed by IFRS as well as additional details on
                                    each measure. Reconciliations of the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet are also included in the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.
                                    This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation’s consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset
                                    investment platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”, “book
                                    value per participating share”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing capital”, “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net carried interest” and “unfunded commitments”. As
                                    well, the presentation of the holding company is used to present and analyze the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company.
                                    Refer to the section “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.




                                           A 2                                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 2                                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:26 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              Organization of the Annual MD&A

                                                                                      Page                                                                                     Page
               Overview




                                                                                                                                                                                            POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                 Power Corporation of Canada                                               4                Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                                        
                 2022 Highlights                                                           5                Contingent Liabilities                                                
                 Publicly Traded Operating Companies                                                       Commitments and Contractual Obligations                               8


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
                 Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                                                   Income Taxes                                                          8
                 Other Investments and Standalone Businesses                              4                Transactions with Related Parties                                     8
               Basis of Presentation                                                      5                Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments                8
               Results of Power Corporation                                               8                Changes in Accounting Policies                                        8
                 Consolidated Statements of Earnings                                                      Future Accounting Changes                                             8
                 Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings                                   Disclosure Controls and Procedures                                    
               Financial Position                                                         54                Internal Control over Financial Reporting                             
               Adjusted Net Asset Value                                                   6                Power Financial Corporation                                           
               Cash Flows                                                                 6                Non-IFRS Financial Measures                                           
               Capital Management                                                         66                Other Measures                                                        
               Risk Management                                                            6                Selected Annual Information                                         
               Financial Instruments and Other Instruments                                6                Summary of Quarterly Results                                        



              The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:
              adidas                       adidas AG                                                 PanAgora                          PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.
              Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                        Pargesa                           Pargesa SA
              AIM                          AIM sub-market of the London Stock Exchange               Parjointco                        Parjointco SA
              Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                    Parques Reunidos                  Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.
                investment platforms or                                                              Peak                              Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.
                Investment platforms                                                                 Pernod Ricard                     Pernod Ricard SA
              Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                         Personal Capital                  Personal Capital Corporation
              Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                      PFTA or Portage SPAC              Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation
              ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                          Portage Ventures I                Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
              EBITDA                       Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation             Portage Ventures II               Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                              and amortization                                       Portage Ventures III              Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
              EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                         Potentia or Potentia Renewables   Potentia Renewables Inc.
              Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of                      Power Financial                   Power Financial Corporation
                                           America (formerly Great-West Life & Annuity               Power Sustainable                 Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                              Insurance Company)                                     Power Sustainable China           Power Sustainable Investment Management Inc.
              EPA                          Euronext Paris                                            Power Sustainable Energy          Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
              EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                                    Power Sustainable Lios            Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
              GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                  Prudential                        Prudential Financial, Inc.
              GEA                          GEA Group AG                                              PSEIP                             Power Sustainable Energy
              Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                                                                 Infrastructure Partnership
              Holcim                       Holcim Ltd.                                               Putnam                            Putnam Investments, LLC
              IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards               Sagard                            Sagard Holdings Inc.
              IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                        Sagard Credit Partners I          Sagard Credit Partners, LP
              IG Wealth Management         Investors Group Inc.                                      Sagard Credit Partners II         Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
              Imerys                       Imerys SA                                                 Sagard Healthcare Partners        Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
              Investment Planning          Investment Planning Counsel Inc.                          Sagard Holdings Management        Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
                 Counsel or IPC                                                                        or SHMI
              Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                                  Sagard MidCap                     Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap III, Sagard
              Koho                         KOHO Financial Inc.                                                                            MidCap IV (formerly Sagard Europe II, Sagard
              Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                                                         Europe 3, Sagard Europe 4)
              Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                                 Sagard Senior Lending Partners    Sagard Senior Lending Partners
              LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                                   or SSLP                            Holdings (I and II) LP, and
              Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                                                                Sagard Senior Lending Partners
                 Mackenzie Investments                                                                                                    Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
              MassMutual                   Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company               Sanoptis                          Sanoptis AG
              MOWI                         Mowi ASA                                                  SGS                               SGS SA
              Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                                SIX                               Swiss Stock Exchange
              NCREIF                       National Council of Real Estate                           SPEC                              Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
                                              Investment Fiduciaries                                 TotalEnergies                     TotalEnergies SA
              Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                              TSX                               Toronto Stock Exchange
              NYSE                         New York Stock Exchange                                   Umicore                           Umicore, NV/SA
              Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                            USPF                              GWL U.S. Property Fund L.P.
              OSE                          Oslo Stock Exchange                                       Wealthsimple                      Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
              OSFI                         Office of the Superintendent of                           Webhelp                           Webhelp Group
                                             Financial Institutions                                  XETR                              XETRA Stock Exchange




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A 3




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 3                                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:26 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Overview

                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Incorporated in 192, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
                                    management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
                                    Financial, it controls Lifeco and IGM and in recent years has implemented an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with
                                    the Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.

 PART A                             Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
                                    provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
                                    Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 0 years of engagement. The Corporation
                                    aims to act like an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.

                                    Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
                                    value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
                                         Long-term perspective
                                         Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles
                                         Strong governance oversight
                                         Prudent approach to risk management

                                    Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
                                    growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
                                         Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
                                         Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
                                         Holding company levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
                                          traded operating companies and investments.

                                    Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, is developing alternative asset management
                                    businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth
                                    asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses
                                    through raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide seed capital to the different
                                    investment products managed by each:
                                         Sagard is a multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital & growth, private equity, private
                                          credit, royalties and real estate. Sagard also engages in private wealth management. Sagard looks to generate
                                          attractive returns by matching investment opportunities with flexible capital solutions and pairing entrepreneurs with
                                          teams that have deep industry knowledge.
                                         Power Sustainable is a sustainability-led global alternative asset manager with a long-term investment approach.
                                          Power Sustainable aims to create long-term value by actively investing in entrepreneurial management teams,
                                          companies and projects with sustainable business models. Power Sustainable currently manages three main platforms:
                                            Power Sustainable China selects a high-conviction portfolio based on fundamental research and takes an active
                                             approach to investing in China’s public equity markets, selecting companies and business models that have
                                             significant alignment with the following goals: innovation and technology, decarbonization and quality growth.
                                            Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure invests in the development, construction, and operation of renewable
                                             energy infrastructure assets across North America.
                                            Power Sustainable Lios invests in mid-market companies across the food value chain in North America that support
                                             the sustainability transformation occurring within the food system.

                                    The Corporation also has significant influence and controlling interests in several standalone businesses managed to create
                                    and realize value over time.




                                         A 4                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 4                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:26 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



              2022 HIGHLIGHTS

              Highlights at the Publicly Traded Operating Companies and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
              A number of strategic transactions were completed throughout 2022, including:




                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                     Prudential Financial, Inc.’s (Prudential) full-service retirement business: On April 1, 2022, Empower completed the
                      acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential. With the completion of the acquisition,
                      Empower’s reach in the U.S. has expanded to approximately 1,000 workplace savings plans as of December 31, 2022.
                      Lifeco funded the total transaction value of US$3,0 million with US$1,193 million of Limited Recourse Capital Notes

                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
                      (LRCN Series 1) and US$23 million of short-term debt, in addition to its existing resources.

                      Lifeco anticipates realizing cost synergies through the migration of Prudential’s retirement services business onto
                      Empower’s record-keeping platform. Estimated run-rate cost synergies are expected to be US$10 million and to be
                      phased in over 2 months, primarily when systems migrations are completed. As of December 31, 2022, US$3 million
                      of pre-tax run-rate cost synergies had been achieved. Revenue synergies of US$20 million are expected by Lifeco on
                      a run-rate basis by the end of 202 and Lifeco expects them to grow to US$0 million by 202. Lifeco expects to incur
                      one-time integration and restructuring expenses of US$170 million pre-tax related to the Prudential acquisition, of
                      which US$ million pre-tax had been incurred as of December 31, 2022. Lifeco expects the integration to be
                      completed in the first half of 202.

                     MassMutual’s retirement services business: Lifeco completed the integration of MassMutual’s retirement services
                      business as of December 31, 2022, and has achieved US$10 million of final pre-tax run-rate cost synergies in line with
                      its original expectations. Lifeco is on track to achieve run-rate revenue synergies of US$30 million pre-tax in 202 and
                      Lifeco expects them to continue to grow beyond 202. To date, Lifeco has incurred restructuring and integration
                      expenses of US$12 million pre-tax related to the MassMutual acquisition, of which US$11 million pre-tax have been
                      expensed as of December 31, 2022, in line with Lifeco’s original expectations.

                     Personal Capital: As of December 31, 2022, Lifeco completed the integration of Personal Capital. To date, Lifeco has
                      incurred restructuring and integration expenses of US$7 million pre-tax, of which US$3 million pre-tax had been
                      expensed as of December 31, 2022, in line with Lifeco’s original expectations. During the third quarter of 2022, Lifeco
                      released a contingent consideration provision of US$1 million pre-tax, as the growth in assets under management
                      was below the level where further contingent consideration was payable.

                     Nesto Inc. (nesto): On December 13, 2022, IG Wealth Management and nesto announced that they had entered into
                      a strategic agreement to have nesto provide next-generation white label mortgage services to IG Wealth management
                      clients across Canada through its Mortgage Cloud solution. The initiative is part of IG Wealth Management’s ongoing
                      strategy to transform its business and follows the firm’s modernization of its investment management and financial
                      planning platforms.

                      nesto’s Mortgage Cloud solution will be integrated into IG Wealth Management’s mortgage solutions business and
                      will allow IG Wealth Management advisors to provide clients with an enhanced mortgage experience through an
                      online application process, quick turnaround times, live tracking, regular status updates, and dynamic tools. IG Wealth
                      Management and nesto will begin offering the newly integrated mortgage services on the Mortgage Cloud solution
                      in 2023. As well, IGM announced that in conjunction with this agreement it has made an equity investment in nesto.

                     In 2022, the alternative asset investment platforms continued their fundraising efforts, raising a total of $2. billion,
                      including the following fund commitments:

                      SAGARD
                        Portage Ventures III: On July 21, 2022, Portage announced the final close of its Portage Ventures III fund. In 2022,
                         Sagard raised committed capital of US$7 million, increasing the total committed capital of the fund to
                         US$ million.

                        Sagard Private Equity Canada: On June 22, 2022, Sagard announced that its first private equity fund, Sagard Private
                         Equity Canada, achieved its initial target fund size of $00 million ahead of schedule. SPEC completed the final
                         close in 2022 with total committed capital of $0 million.

                        Sagard MidCap : In 2022, Sagard completed the final close of its European private equity fund, Sagard MidCap ,
                         raising additional capital of €13 million, increasing the total committed capital to €1 million.




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                      A 5




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 5                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:26 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                            Sagard Senior Lending: On February , 2023, subsequent to year-end, Sagard announced the initial close of Sagard
                                             Senior Lending Partners, a fund launched in 2022, with commitments totalling US$31 million, of which
                                             US$237 million is currently callable. Sagard also manages, through a separately managed account, an additional
                                             investment of up to US$20 million.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                            Power Sustainable Lios: On March 30, 2022, Power Sustainable announced the launch of its North American agri-
                                             food private equity platform, Power Sustainable Lios, and its inaugural Lios Fund I. At December 31, 2022, Lios Fund I
                                             had total capital commitments of up to $219 million, of which $11 million is currently callable by the fund.

 PART A
                                            Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP): On November 29, 2022, Power Sustainable
                                             announced the closing of Vintage II of PSEIP. The partnership raised $00 million of additional capital
                                             commitments from new and existing capital partners, increasing the committed capital of the investment platform
                                             to $1. billion.

                                    SUBSEQUENT EVENT
                                         China Asset Management Company, Ltd. (ChinaAMC): Founded in 199 as one of the first fund management
                                          companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and maintained its position among the market leaders in China’s asset
                                          management industry. ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding subsidiary assets under management,
                                          were RMB¥1,722 billion (C$33 billion) at December 31, 2022.

                                          At December 31, 2022, the Corporation and IGM each held an interest of 13.9% in ChinaAMC, representing a combined
                                          27.% interest. Together they had significant influence and accounted for their respective interests as an associate
                                          using the equity method.

                                          On January 12, 2023, subsequent to year-end, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the group’s
                                          interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. The Corporation sold its 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC to Mackenzie, a
                                          wholly owned subsidiary of IGM, for aggregate consideration of $1.1 billion in cash. The Corporation’s shareholders
                                          will continue to participate in ChinaAMC through the Corporation’s interest in IGM.

                                          In a separate transaction, on January 12, 2023, IGM sold approximately 1.2 million Lifeco common shares to Power
                                          Financial, for cash consideration of approximately $3 million (Lifeco Share Transfer). Power Financial acquired an
                                          equity interest of approximately 1.% from IGM, increasing its equity interest in Lifeco to approximately .2%. The
                                          Lifeco Share Transfer did not impact Power Financial’s aggregate beneficial ownership of Lifeco common shares,
                                          which remains at 70.% of the issued and outstanding Lifeco common shares (including indirect beneficial ownership
                                          through its controlling interest in IGM). Power Financial’s economic interest increased to 9.7%. Power Financial and
                                          its subsidiaries continue to own, in the aggregate, voting securities representing approximately % of the votes
                                          attached to all voting securities of Lifeco.

                                          The Corporation expects to return a portion of the net cash proceeds from the transaction to its shareholders, after
                                          factoring in the purchase of Lifeco common shares, through share repurchases over time pursuant to normal course
                                          issuer bids.

                                          The transactions were reviewed and approved by the relevant related party and conduct review committees and will
                                          not have a significant impact on the statements of earnings and balance sheets.

                                          The investment in ChinaAMC leverages the group’s global experience in wealth management and distribution. The
                                          Power group of companies benefits from the strategic relationship with ChinaAMC, which provides opportunities to
                                          work together to develop products and sub-advisory relationships.




                                         A 6                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 6                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:26 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



              UPDATE ON TRANSITION TO IFRS 17 AND IFRS 9
                     IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) has replaced IFRS , Insurance Contracts (IFRS ) effective January 1, 2023. While
                      the new standard will change the recognition and measurement of insurance contracts and the corresponding
                      presentation and disclosures in the Corporation’s consolidated financial statements, it is not expected to have a
                      material financial impact or to change Lifeco’s underlying business strategy.




                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                      IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9) has replaced IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement
                      effective January 1, 2023, and is not expected to lead to a material change in the level of investments. Upon adoption
                      of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, the Corporation expects an increase in net earnings volatility. Refer to the section “Future

                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
                      Accounting Changes”.

                      The Corporation will report under the new standards for the first time for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. The
                      Corporation and Lifeco continue to evaluate the impact of the adoption of these standards. Based on analysis to date,
                      the expected impacts of the adoption of IFRS 17 include:
                        An expected decrease of the January 1, 2022 participating shareholders' equity by approximately 10% on the
                         adoption of IFRS 17 on January 1, 2023 in line with original expectations, primarily due to the establishment of the
                         contractual service margin (CSM), partially offset by the removal of provisions no longer required under IFRS 17; and
                        The CSM established by Lifeco for in-force contracts at January 1, 2022 will have an impact to the Corporation of
                         $. billion associated with shareholders’ equity and $.2 billion associated with non-controlling interests. This does
                         not include the CSM on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a material impact on capital or
                         opening equity.
                      Part B of this MD&A further describes the expected impacts of the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 at Lifeco.




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                       A 7




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 7                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:26 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A TI ON OF CA N AD A



                                    ORGANIZATION OF THE MD&A
                                    The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:

                                          Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
                                           holding company from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          Part B – Lifeco’s annual MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Lifeco in accordance with applicable securities
                                           legislation, and which is also available either directly from SEDAR (www.sedar.com) or from Lifeco’s website
                                           (www.greatwestlifeco.com);


 PART A
                                          Part C – IGM’s annual MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
                                           and which is also available either directly from SEDAR (www.sedar.com) or from IGM’s website
                                           (www.igmfinancial.com).

                                    Lifeco (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
                                    company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are
                                    at December 31, 2022 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).

                                    The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at December 31, 2022, which include the
                                    operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, interests held through the
                                    Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, and an interest in ChinaAMC.




                                         In bold: Publicly listed holdings

                                         [] Lifeco, through Canada Life, holds a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM holds a .0% interest in Lifeco.
                                         [] At December 31, 2022, IGM also held a 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC. On January 12, 2023, subsequent to year-end, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction
                                             in which the interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. In a separate agreement, IGM sold approximately 1.2 million common shares of Lifeco, representing
                                             a 1.% interest in Lifeco, to Power Financial. Refer to the section “China Asset Management Company, Ltd. (ChinaAMC)” in the section “2022 Highlights”.
                                         [] Represents a 9.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which IGM holds an 0% equity interest and
                                             Lifeco holds a 20% equity interest.
                                         [4] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (0%). Parjointco has a .0% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                         [5] Includes a controlling interest in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM.
                                         [6] Refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.




                                          A 8                                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 8                                                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:26 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



              PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES
              The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Lifeco and IGM. It also has significant holdings in a
              portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

              Lifeco




                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $29.2 billion at December 31, 2022, is an international financial
              services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment services, asset
              management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates in Canada, the United States (U.S.) and Europe under the brands
              Canada Life, Empower, Putnam Investments and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Lifeco has four major reportable

                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
              segments: Canada, the United States, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions.

              The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life primarily through the Individual Customer and Group Customer business
              units. Through the Individual Customer business unit, Lifeco provides life, disability and critical illness insurance products as
              well as wealth savings and income products to individual clients. Through the Group Customer business unit, Lifeco provides
              life, accidental death and dismemberment, disability, critical illness, health and dental protection, creditor insurance as well
              as retirement savings and income and annuity products and other specialty products to group clients in Canada.

              The United States segment operates two primary business units, Financial Services and Asset Management. The Financial
              Services business unit, and specifically the Empower brand, helps people with saving, investing and advice through
              employer-sponsored plans and individual product solutions. This includes the full-service retirement services business of
              Prudential acquired on April 1, 2022 and Personal Capital, a hybrid wealth manager that combines a leading-edge digital
              experience with personalized advice. Empower’s products and services are marketed nationwide through its sales force,
              brokers, consultants, advisors, third-party administrators and financial institutions. Financial Services also includes a retained
              block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life Insurance
              Company (Protective Life), as well as a closed retrocession block of life insurance. The Asset Management business unit, and
              specifically the Putnam brand, provides investment management services and related administrative functions and
              distribution services, through a broad range of investment products, including the Putnam funds, its own family of mutual
              funds, which are offered to individual and institutional investors. PanAgora, a Putnam subsidiary, offers a broad range of
              investment solutions using quantitative strategies.

              The Europe segment is comprised of three distinct business units serving customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland
              and Germany and offers protection and wealth management products, including payout annuity products. The U.K. and
              Germany business units operate under the Canada Life brand and the Ireland business unit operates under the Irish Life
              brand. The core products offered by the U.K. business unit are bulk and individual payout annuities, equity-release
              mortgages, investments (including life bonds, retirement drawdown and pension) and group insurance. The core products
              offered by the Ireland business unit are savings and investments, individual and group life insurance, health insurance and
              pension products. Irish Life Investment Managers (ILIM) is one of Lifeco’s fund management operations in Ireland. In addition
              to managing assets on behalf of companies in the Lifeco group, ILIM also manages assets for a wide range of institutional
              clients across Europe and North America. The core products offered by the Germany business unit are individual and group
              pensions and life insurance products.

              The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes the operating results of the Reinsurance business unit which operates
              primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided through Canada Life and its
              subsidiaries and include both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or through reinsurance
              brokers.

              At December 31, 2022, Power Financial and IGM held interests of .% and .0%, respectively, in Lifeco’s common shares,
              representing approximately % of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Lifeco voting shares. The Insurance
              Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to %. On January 12, 2023, subsequent to year-end, the
              Corporation and IGM completed a transaction under which IGM sold approximately 1.2 million common shares of Lifeco,
              representing a 1.% interest in Lifeco, to Power Financial. Refer to the section “ChinaAMC” in the section “2022 Highlights”.

              See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Lifeco.




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                       A 9




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 9                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    IGM Financial
                                    IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $9.0 billion at December 31, 2022, is a leading wealth and asset
                                    management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors throughout
                                    North America, Europe and Asia. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth Management and
                                    asset manager Mackenzie Investments and IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to the




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    operating subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments: Wealth Management,
                                    Asset Management, and Strategic Investments and Other.

                                    The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of operating companies that are principally focused on providing

 PART A
                                    financial planning and related services to Canadian households and represents the activities of IG Wealth Management and
                                    Investment Planning Counsel. These firms are retail distribution organizations that serve Canadian households through their
                                    securities dealers, mutual fund dealers and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. The
                                    Wealth Management segment provides a comprehensive planning approach through IG Wealth Management and IPC
                                    advisors by offering a broad range of financial products and services in the areas of advanced financial planning, mortgages
                                    and banking, insurance, and securities. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from its competition by offering
                                    comprehensive planning to its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. Investment Planning Counsel is an independent
                                    distributor of financial products, services and advice in Canada.

                                    The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of operating companies primarily focused on providing investment
                                    management services, and represents the operations of Mackenzie Investments. Investment management services are
                                    provided to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial advisors, and through
                                    institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors. Mackenzie Investments is
                                    a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and related services with a wide
                                    range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and uses multiple distribution channels. Mackenzie seeks to
                                    be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner.

                                    The Strategic Investments and Other segment primarily represents the key strategic investments made by IGM, including
                                    ChinaAMC (refer to the section “ChinaAMC” in the section “2022 Highlights”), Lifeco, Northleaf, Wealthsimple, and the
                                    Portage Ventures funds (refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms”), as well as unallocated capital.

                                    On January 12, 2023, subsequent to year-end, IGM completed a transaction in which it acquired an additional 13.9% interest
                                    in ChinaAMC for cash consideration of $1.1 billion from the Corporation, which increased IGM’s equity interest in ChinaAMC
                                    from 13.9% to 27.%. In a separate transaction, IGM sold approximately 1.2 million common shares of Lifeco to the
                                    Corporation for cash consideration of approximately $3 million, which reduced IGM’s equity interest in Lifeco from .0%
                                    to 2.%. Refer to the section “ChinaAMC” in the section “2022 Highlights”.

                                    At December 31, 2022, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, held interests of 2.2% and 3.9%, respectively,
                                    in IGM’s common shares.

                                    See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.

                                    GBL
                                    Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 0% interest in
                                    Parjointco. At December 31, 2022, Parjointco held a 29.% indirect (.0% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a
                                    Belgian holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.

                                    GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €11. billion at December 31, 2022, is an established investment holding company.
                                    As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                    shareholder base. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments through
                                    GBL Capital (formerly Sienna Capital). In addition, GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through
                                    Sienna Investment Managers, a wholly owned subsidiary. GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their
                                    sectors, in which GBL can contribute to value creation by being an active professional investor.




                                         A 10                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 10                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               At December 31, 2022, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments:
               PUBLICLY LISTED

                     Imerys (EPA: NK) – mineral-based specialty solutions for                         Umicore (EBR: UMI) – materials technology and recycling of
                      industry                                                                          precious metals




                                                                                                                                                                           POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                     SGS (SIX: SGSN) – inspection, verification, testing and                          GEA (XETR: G1A) – supplier of equipment and project
                      certification solutions                                                           management for a wide range of processing industries
                     adidas (XETR: ADS) – design, development, production and                          primarily in the food and beverage sectors
                      distribution of sporting goods                                                   Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) – personal hygiene solutions provider


                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
                     Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) – wines and spirits                                      MOWI (OSE: MOWI) – producer of Atlantic salmon
                     Holcim (SIX: HOLN) – construction materials and solutions
                      including cement, aggregates and concrete

               PRIVATELY HELD

                     Webhelp – business process outsourcer, specializing in                           Affidea – provider of advanced diagnostics and
                      customer experience, sales and marketing services and                             outpatient services
                      payment services                                                                 Sanoptis – ophthalmology services
                     Canyon – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of premium                              Voodoo – developer and publisher of mobile games
                      bicycles
                                                                                                       Parques Reunidos – leisure park operator


               Through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers, GBL has expanded its activities into alternative asset management
               and is developing an alternative investment portfolio including investments in funds externally managed and direct private
               equity co-investments, and as well offers a full range of investment strategies through its third-party fund managers. In 2021,
               Sienna Investment Managers acquired L’Etoile Properties (renamed Sienna Real Estate), marking the launch of Sienna
               Investment Managers’ third-party asset management platform. In March 2022, Sienna Investment Managers completed the
               acquisitions of a majority interest in Malakoff Humanis and Acofi Gestion, which have been rebranded as Sienna Gestion
               and Sienna Private Credit, respectively. As well, in 2022, Sienna Investment Managers launched Sienna Private Equity, Sienna
               Venture Capital and Sienna Multi-Manager Private Equity, dedicated to primary and secondary fund investing and direct
               co-investments.

               On July 1, 2022, GBL completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Sanoptis, a leading network of ophthalmology clinics
               across Germany and Switzerland, its first private investment in the healthcare sector in 2022. GBL invested €72 million of
               equity in Sanoptis. As part of the transaction, the incumbent management increased its stake in the company through a
               significant reinvestment. GBL and Sanoptis management plan to continue Sanoptis’ growth organically and through
               acquisitions in both Sanoptis’ current markets and in new European countries.

               On July 22, 2022, GBL completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Affidea, a leading European provider of healthcare
               diagnostic services, with 32 locations operating in 1 countries. GBL invested €1.0 billion of equity into the transaction
               alongside management of Affidea. Together with Affidea management, GBL will work to accelerate organic growth, external
               growth transactions and digital health programs.

               During 2022, and subsequent to year-end, GBL has reduced its exposure in certain of its publicly listed investments,
               generating total proceeds of approximately €1. billion, including:
                     MOWI: In 2022, GBL reduced its holdings in MOWI from 7.0% at the end of 2021 to 1.9% at December 31, 2022,
                      representing a reduction in its interest of 3.% and 1.% in the second and fourth quarters, respectively. These sales
                      generated proceeds of €12 million and a net gain for GBL of €7 million. Subsequent to year-end, GBL further
                      disposed of its interest in MOWI, reducing its interest to 1.3%, for proceeds of €7 million and generating a net loss for
                      GBL in accordance with IFRS 9 of €2 million.
                     Holcim: During the third and fourth quarters of 2022, GBL finalized the exit of its 2.1% interest in Holcim through
                      forward sales settling on May 31, 2023, generating net proceeds of €7 million and €3 million, respectively. These
                      sales will generate a net gain for GBL in accordance with IFRS 9 of €9 million, including pre-financing costs.
                     Pernod Ricard: During the fourth quarter of 2022, GBL crystalized gains on its investment in Pernod Ricard, the largest
                      asset in its portfolio, reducing its interest from 7.% at the end of 2021 to .9% at December 31, 2022, for proceeds of
                      €3 million and generating a net gain for GBL in accordance with IFRS 9 of €2 million based on the historical
                      acquisition price. Subsequent to year-end, GBL completed its disposal plan, reducing its interest in Pernod Ricard to
                      .7%, for proceeds of €110 million and generating a net gain for GBL in accordance with IFRS 9 of €7 million based
                      on the historical acquisition price.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         A 11




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 11                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    In 2022, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries, 7. million shares of its own capital for a total consideration
                                    of €3 million, representing .0% of GBL’s capital at December 31, 2022. In May 2022, GBL’s board of directors approved a
                                    fifth allocation for share buybacks of €00 million, which GBL started to implement in June 2022, and had 3.0%
                                    completed at December 31, 2022. During the second quarter of 2022, GBL cancelled 3. million of its treasury shares.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    On January 31, 2023, subsequent to year-end, Imerys completed its previously announced disposition of its High
                                    Temperature Solution business to the investment firm Platinum Equity for an enterprise value of €930 million. On
                                    September 9, 2022, Imerys announced that it had entered into exclusive negotiations with Syntagma Capital for the
                                    potential sale of most of its assets serving the paper markets for an enterprise value of €390 million, including an earnout

 PART A
                                    depending on the future performance of the business. The transaction, which is subject to the fulfillment of customary
                                    closing conditions, including the information and consultation of works councils and other regulatory approvals, is expected
                                    to be completed in 2023.
                                    GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at December 31, 2022 of €17,77 million, compared
                                    with €22,01 million at December 31, 2021.
                                    GBL’s financial results and other disclosures are derived from publicly disclosed information, as issued by GBL in its 2022
                                    year-end press release. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.be).

                                    ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS
                                    Since the launch of the first Sagard fund in Europe in 2002, Power Corporation has continued to develop alternative asset
                                    investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios on behalf of the Corporation and third-party investors
                                    in several alternative asset classes in three principal geographies: Europe, North America, and China. The alternative asset
                                    investment platforms offer alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term
                                    investment strategies generally invest in publicly traded stocks and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset
                                    strategies include venture capital, private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. The investment
                                    platforms Sagard and Power Sustainable are managed locally by experienced investment professionals who have an in-
                                    depth knowledge of the local markets and benefit from collaboration within the Power group of companies. Power
                                    Corporation’s investment platforms seek to generate attractive returns for their investors by: i) attracting experienced
                                    investment teams to execute on investment strategies where the investment platforms’ ecosystem gives them a competitive
                                    advantage; ii) leveraging the global network created over decades by the Power group to drive the commercial success of
                                    their investment strategies and underlying investments; and iii) providing flexible capital solutions to solve a range of
                                    business and financing needs.

                                    The investment platforms comprise asset management and investing activities. Earnings from asset management activities
                                    include income earned from management fees and carried interest, net of investment platform expenses. Earnings from
                                    investing activities comprise income earned on the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the
                                    investment funds managed by each platform and the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
                                    held within the investment platforms.

                                    Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
                                    development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party
                                    capital, and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future
                                    funds. The Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk
                                    profile of the underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
                                         Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Royalties and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership
                                          are expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
                                         Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital & Growth, Private Equity and Power Sustainable China are
                                          expected to generate returns as investments are monetized.




                                         A 12                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 12                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               Sagard
               Sagard was founded as a complement to the Corporation’s global investment activities. Today, Sagard is a multi-strategy
               alternative asset management firm with professionals principally located in Canada, the U.S. and Europe. Sagard seeks to
               generate attractive returns by matching investment opportunities with flexible capital solutions and pairing entrepreneurs
               with teams that have deep industry knowledge. Sagard develops long-term partnerships and empowers the growth of its




                                                                                                                                                             POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               investments through a unique global network of portfolio companies, limited partners, advisors and other valued
               relationships.

               The alternative investment management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc.

                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
               (SHMI). The Corporation, through Sagard, held an 0.9% controlling interest in SHMI at December 31, 2022 (.3% at
               December 31, 2021).

               In November 2021, SHMI completed the acquisition of EverWest, a real estate investment management firm, from Lifeco. In
               exchange, Lifeco acquired a minority equity stake in SHMI which may increase as a result of the attainment of certain
               financial objectives up until December 31, 202.

               The operations of Sagard are comprised of asset management and investing activities.

               ASSET MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
               At December 31, 2022, Sagard had US$1.0 billion of assets under management (US$13. billion at December 31, 2021),
               including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other Measures”), across five asset classes: venture capital & growth,
               private equity, private credit, royalties and real estate, including US$1.0 billion through its private wealth investment platform
               (US$1.0 billion at December 31, 2021).

               Composition of assets under management is as follows:
                                                                                                                            December ,   December ,
               (In billions of U.S. dollars)                                                                                                 

               Funds                                                                                                                 8.            .4
               Separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles                                                                .            .4
               Real estate – separately managed accounts                                                                             .8            .
               Other []                                                                                                             .            .
               Assets under management                                                                                             4.           .8
                 Power Corporation                                                                                                   0.9             1.4
                                                            [2]
                 Third parties and associated companies                                                                             13.1            12.4

               Fee-bearing capital [, ]                                                                                          .4             8.4
                 Power Corporation                                                                                                   0.5             0.5

                 Third parties and associated companies [2]                                                                          9.9             7.9

               [] Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform.
               [] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
               [] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A 13




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 13                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    The following table summarizes the funds managed by Sagard and the Corporation’s interests in each of the funds:

                                    December ,                                                                                       Interest held                              Manager compensation
                                    (in millions; except as                                      Capital              Power    Associated          Third                                                 Carried
                                    otherwise noted)                     Currency    Vintage commitment          Corporation companies []        parties    Fees []                                   interest
                                                                                                          ($)             (%)             (%)          (%)               (%)                                 (%)




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Venture Capital & Growth
                                    Portage Ventures I [, 4]                  C$     6             458              8.           6.              −              .   Invested capital           .
                                    Portage Ventures II       [3, ]
                                                                               C$     8             4              .4           6.8         .8                .   Invested capital           .

 PART A                             Portage Ventures III                      US$                  655               .4           5.         8.                .5   Committed capital          .

                                    Private Equity
                                    Sagard Private Equity
                                      Canada                                   C$                  46               .           .5         8.8                .   Committed capital          .
                                    Sagard MidCap II []                         €    6             8              .4           6.         5.6                .5   Invested capital           .
                                    Sagard MidCap III     [5, 6]
                                                                                 €                                .           .         .8                .   Invested capital           .
                                    Sagard MidCap IV                             €                 85              8.6           .         54.                .5   Committed capital          .
                                    Sagard NewGen       []
                                                                                 €                               6.           .4         4.                .   Committed capital          .

                                    Private Credit
                                    Sagard Credit Partners I                  US$                  55              8.             .        8.                .5   Invested capital           5.
                                    Sagard Credit Partners II                 US$                ,6               4.             5.        .5                .5   Invested capital           .
                                    Sagard Senior Lending
                                      Partners []                            US$                    45                 −          .5         8.5                .5   Invested capital           5.

                                    Royalties
                                    Sagard Healthcare Partners                US$                  6              .             .5        8.                .5   Committed capital          .

                                    Real Estate
                                    USPF [8]                                  US$                ,               .6           .         6.       .5-.8       Net asset value                 −

                                    [] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$9 million in
                                        Portage Ventures III, $0 million in SPEC, €0 million in Sagard MidCap IV, US$0 million in Sagard Credit Partners II, up to US$120 million in SSLP, and
                                        US$2 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II and US$2 million in Portage Ventures III), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard MidCap II), and
                                        GBL (€102 million in Sagard MidCap II, €192 million in Sagard MidCap III, €10 million in Sagard MidCap IV and €0 million in Sagard NewGen). Lifeco and
                                        IGM have invested $2 million and $2 million, respectively, in Portage Ventures I.
                                    [] Represents the base management fees of each fund.

                                    [] Includes an interest in Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II of 3.0% and 7.7%, respectively, held through Power Financial.
                                    [4] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
                                    [5] During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based
                                        on invested capital, which may include a reserve for follow-on investments.

                                    [6] In 2021, the Corporation disposed of its interest in Sagard MidCap III in a secondary transaction. The Corporation’s remaining interest is held in carried interest units.
                                    [] Fundraising activities continue for Sagard NewGen and Sagard Senior Lending Partners.
                                    [] USPF is managed by EverWest through a management service agreement. USPF is an open-end real estate fund and generally invests all committed capital;
                                        as such the capital commitment of the fund is representative of the net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                                           A 14                                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 14                                                                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               The following table summarizes the activities of each of the funds managed by Sagard:

               December ,                                                                                        Commitment
                                                                                                                                              Distributions
               (in millions; except as otherwise noted)          Currency             Total funded         Unfunded        Unfunded               to date []           NAV []
                                                                                                   ($)           ($)              (%)                     ($)               ($)




                                                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Venture Capital & Growth
               Portage Ventures I []                                   C$                      458               −                 −                  64              ,5
               Portage Ventures II                                      C$                      5             68             5.                                     

                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
               Portage Ventures III                                   US$                                   458             6.                        −              6

               Private Equity
              Sagard Private Equity Canada                              C$                        5           54             8.                        −               45
              Sagard MidCap II     [4]
                                                                         €                                    6               .                ,6                  5
               Sagard MidCap III                                         €                      666             6               8.                   5                6
               Sagard MidCap IV                                          €                      88            4             5.4                        −              84
               Sagard NewGen                                             €                      86             45             .                        −              4

               Private Credit
               Sagard Credit Partners I []                           US$                       54            5             56.6                    5                
               Sagard Credit Partners II                              US$                                   8             6.                        5              8
               Sagard Senior Lending Partners                         US$                              −        45            .                        −                 −

               Royalties
               Sagard Healthcare Partners []                         US$                       45                         4.8                        5              45

               [] Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases
                   in fund size.
               [] Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and
                   consolidated investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s
                   fair value adjustments to controlled and consolidated investments.
               [] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple,
                   which represents a fair value of $0.9 billion at December 31, 2022 ($2.1 billion at December 31, 2021).
               [4] On April 21, 2022, Sagard MidCap II disposed of its last investment.
               [5] Total funded commitment represents the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been
                   recalled by the fund. The unfunded commitment of Sagard Credit Partners I includes amounts distributed of $272 million which are recallable by the fund.




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                A 15




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 15                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Venture Capital & Growth (Fintech Investments)
                                         Portage, a global fintech and financial services investment platform within Sagard, had assets under management of
                                          US$2.1 billion (C$2. billion) at December 31, 2022 (US$3.3 billion (C$.2 billion) at December 31, 2021), including
                                          unfunded commitments and an investment in Wealthsimple, a consolidated subsidiary. Portage’s mission is to
                                          empower entrepreneurs reshaping financial services and its team partners with ambitious companies across all




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          stages, through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital Solutions. Portage has also sponsored a special purpose
                                          acquisition company, Portage Fintech Acquisition Corporation.

                                         Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators in


 PART A
                                          insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
                                          Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 90 fintech companies and investment funds. The
                                          Corporation, through investments held by Power Financial, together with Lifeco, IGM and Sagard, are anchor investors
                                          in the Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Portage Ventures III funds.

                                            Portage Ventures I held investments of $129 million at December 31, 2022 ($1 million at December 31, 2021),
                                             excluding the investment in Wealthsimple, a consolidated subsidiary discussed below.

                                            Portage Ventures II had total capital commitments of $27 million at December 31, 2022, of which Sagard has
                                             committed $20 million and Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM have each committed $33 million, for a total of
                                             $119 million. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of Portage Ventures II’s investment portfolio was $10 million
                                             ($7 million at December 31, 2021).

                                            Portage Ventures III had total capital commitments of US$ million at December 31, 2022, of which Sagard
                                             committed US$1 million and Lifeco and IGM have committed US$9 million and US$2 million, respectively. At
                                             December 31, 2022, the fair value of Portage Ventures III’s investment portfolio was $23 million (US$17 million),
                                             ($137 million (US$10 million) at December 31, 2021).

                                         In July 2022, Portage announced the launch of Portage Capital Solutions, a capital partner for fintech and financial
                                          services businesses which aims to deliver flexible equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage fintech and
                                          financial services companies, and will generally target investments over $0 million. Portage Capital Solutions
                                          commenced fundraising efforts in the third quarter of 2022.

                                         Portage launched Portage SPAC in the second quarter of 2021, a special purpose acquisition company focused on
                                          fintech and financial services opportunities sponsored by PFTA I LP, an affiliate of Sagard. On July 21, 2021, Portage
                                          SPAC successfully completed an initial public offering of 2.9 million units at a price of US$10.00 per unit of PFTA,
                                          raising gross proceeds of US$29 million, including the exercise of the over-allotment option granted to underwriters
                                          of the offering. Since July 21, 2021, the units have been listed on the Nasdaq exchange and trade under the ticker
                                          symbol “PFTAU”. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of PFTA and one-third of one redeemable warrant.

                                          Sagard indirectly holds a % economic interest in PFTA through Class B shares and private warrants. Sagard has
                                          determined that it has significant influence over PFTA through PFTA I LP, and accounts for its interest as an associate
                                          using the equity method.

                                          Portage SPAC intends to focus on an acquisition opportunity in industries that complement the platform’s industry
                                          knowledge and capitalize on its ability to source and acquire a business in the fintech or financial services ecosystem.




                                         A 16                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 16                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               Private Equity
                     Sagard, under its private equity asset class, had assets under management of US$2. billion at December 31, 2022
                      (US$2. billion at December 31, 2021), including unfunded commitments and an investment in a controlled subsidiary,
                      managed under three strategies including Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard Midcap (Europe), and Sagard
                      NewGen (Europe).




                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                     Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
                      business and financial services, as well as manufacturing. At December 31, 2022, SPEC had total capital commitments
                      of $0 million, of which Sagard and Lifeco have committed $1 million and $0 million, respectively. In the fourth


                                                                                                                                                                           PART A
                      quarter of 2022, upon the final close of the fund, the Corporation reassessed its control assessment for SPEC and
                      determined that its exposure to the variable returns supports that Sagard is acting as an agent. The Corporation no
                      longer controls SPEC and derecognized the assets and liabilities of the fund at December 31, 2022.

                     Sagard MidCap (formerly Sagard Europe) is a European private equity investment strategy which invests in middle-
                      market business services, healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
                        Sagard MidCap III, a fund launched in 2013, had total committed capital of €729 million at December 31, 2022.
                         In March 2022, Sagard established a special purpose co-investment vehicle, Sagard Minority Extended Participation
                         Fund 1 S.L.P. (Sagard MEP). At December 31, 2022, Sagard MEP had total commitments of €207 million and is a
                         continuation fund that has invested in certain portfolio companies, alongside new financial investors, formerly held
                         by Sagard MidCap III.
                        Sagard MidCap IV, a fund launched in 2020, had total committed capital of €1 million at December 31, 2022, of
                         which the Corporation and Lifeco have committed an amount of €10 million and €0 million, respectively. In the
                         fourth quarter of 2022 the fund completed its final close and is closed to new capital commitments.

                     Sagard NewGen, a fund launched in 2020, is a European lower-middle-market private equity investment strategy that
                      invests in high-growth technology and healthcare industry leaders, with investment sizes typically between
                      €10 million and €0 million. At December 31, 2022, Sagard NewGen had total committed capital of €231 million, of
                      which the Corporation has committed an amount of €0 million. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of Sagard
                      NewGen’s investment portfolio, excluding an investment in a controlled subsidiary, was $27 million (€171 million),
                      ($139 million (€97 million) at December 31, 2021).

                      Sagard continues its fundraising activities for Sagard NewGen.

               Private Credit
                     Sagard, under the private credit asset class, had assets under management of US$2.1 billion, including unfunded
                      commitments, at December 31, 2022 (US$1.9 billion at December 31, 2021) managed under two strategies, Sagard
                      Credit and Sagard Senior Lending.

                     Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
                      North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
                      unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
                        Sagard Credit Partners I, a fund launched in 2017, had total capital commitments of US$7 million at December 31,
                         2022, of which Sagard has committed US$100 million. Sagard Credit Partners I closed its investment period in
                         December 2021.
                        Sagard Credit Partners II is a successor fund to Sagard Credit Partners I and was launched in 2020. At December 31,
                         2022, Sagard Credit Partners II had commitments totalling US$1,17 million, of which Sagard and Lifeco have each
                         committed US$0 million.
                         Sagard also manages, through a separately managed account with Lifeco, an additional investment of up to
                         US$200 million.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                  A 17




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 17                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                         In October 2021, Sagard announced the launch of a new senior direct lending strategy, Sagard Senior Lending, focused
                                          on middle-market companies in North America. It provides non-sponsor first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and
                                          private middle-market companies to help fund growth and other strategic initiatives. Sagard Senior Lending Partners,
                                          a fund launched in 2022, had total committed capital of US$21 million at December 31, 2022, of which US$ million
                                          was callable and included a commitment of up to US$120 million from Lifeco.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          On February , 2023, subsequent to year-end, SSLP announced an additional close, raising additional capital
                                          commitments of US$100 million. Total commitments of the fund increased to US$31 million, of which US$237 million
                                          is currently callable.

 PART A
                                          Sagard also manages, through a separately managed account with Lifeco, an additional investment of up to US$20
                                          million under the Sagard Senior Lending strategy at December 31, 2022.

                                          Sagard continues its fundraising activities for Sagard Senior Lending Partners.

                                    Royalties
                                         Sagard, under the royalties asset class, had assets under management of US$911 million, including unfunded commitments
                                          and assets managed on behalf of co-investors, at December 31, 2022 (US$23 million at December 31, 2021).

                                         Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by
                                          approved and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare
                                          aims to accelerate the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive
                                          healthcare exposure largely uncorrelated to other asset classes. Sagard Healthcare Partners, a fund launched in 2019,
                                          had total capital commitments of US$72 million, of which Sagard has committed US$7 million.

                                    Real Estate
                                         EverWest, acquired in November 2021, is a full-service real estate investment platform operating in acquisitions,
                                          development, asset management, and property management in specific sub-markets within the United States.
                                          EverWest is headquartered in Denver, Colorado and has regional offices throughout the United States. EverWest
                                          manages assets with a fair value at December 31, 2022 of US$.3 billion (US$.3 billion at December 31, 2021),
                                          representing more than 130 properties.

                                          EverWest offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds. EverWest
                                          manages, through its separately managed account segment and legacy private investment vehicles, real estate assets
                                          with a fair value at December 31, 2022 of US$3. billion, which includes US$1.2 billion of assets managed on behalf of
                                          Lifeco (US$2.9 billion and US$00 million, respectively, at December 31, 2021). EverWest’s flagship fund, USPF, is a core
                                          open-end real estate investment fund, and is included in the NCREIF Fund Index – Open-End Diversified Core
                                          Equity Index (NFI-ODCE). At December 31, 2022, USPF managed assets with a fair value of US$1. billion (US$1. billion
                                          at December 31, 2021).

                                    Private Wealth Investment Platform
                                         Sagard indirectly holds a .0% controlling interest in Grayhawk, a private wealth investment platform offering
                                          independent, bespoke and client-centric investment solutions for Canadian families. Grayhawk had $1.3 billion in
                                          assets under management at December 31, 2022 ($1.3 billion at December 31, 2021).




                                         A 18                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 18                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               INVESTING ACTIVITIES
               The Corporation holds the following investments in funds which are managed by Sagard, including the investments held
               through Power Financial:
                                                                                                          December ,                                      December , 
                                                                          Investments          Distributions        Fair value of   Investments      Distributions        Fair value of




                                                                                                                                                                                            POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               (in millions of Canadian dollars)                             to date []           to date []   the investment        to date []       to date []   the investment


               Venture Capital & Growth
               Portage Ventures I []                                                                                              58               5                854

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
               Portage Ventures II                                                   5                                    8               5                                 
               Portage Ventures III                                                    6                    −                  5                4                 −                  

               Private Equity
               Sagard Private Equity Canada                                                                                                                   −                  
               Sagard MidCap II     []
                                                                                                                                                    8                  4
               Sagard MidCap III                                                   55                  6                               55               6                  46
               Sagard MidCap IV                                                    6                                                6                                 6
               Sagard NewGen                                                       5                    45                 6                                                 

               Private Credit
               Sagard Credit Partners I                                            58                  5                  4             5                                 
               Sagard Credit Partners II                                             6                                     6                 −                 −                  −

               Royalties
               Sagard Healthcare Partners                                                              4                 5               54                4                 

               Real Estate
               USPF                                                                                       −                5                 −                 −                  −

               [] Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
               [] Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
               [] In the second quarter of 2022, Sagard MidCap II completed the sale of its last investment, and the Corporation received its share of proceeds of $1 million
                   (€30 million) which excludes a deferred payment as part of the sale agreement.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        A 19




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 19                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Fintech In vestments
                                    Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
                                    Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Portage Ventures III funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the
                                    Portage Ventures funds allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group
                                    of companies, while significant investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    WEALTHSIMPLE
                                    At December 31, 2022, Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM collectively held, through a limited partnership
                                    controlled by Power Financial, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of .3% (.% at December 31, 2021),

 PART A
                                    representing a voting interest of .% and a fully diluted equity interest of 2.%. Wealthsimple is one of Canada’s leading
                                    financial technology companies, and operates one of the country’s largest and fastest-growing digital investing platforms.

                                    Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
                                    investing to spending, saving and tax. At December 31, 2022, Wealthsimple had 2.0 million clients [], excluding tax filers, across
                                    the Canadian market with assets under administration of $1.3 billion, compared with $1. billion (excluding the assets
                                    under administration of U.S. and U.K. clients) at December 31, 2021.

                                    In the first quarter of 2022, Wealthsimple completed the sale of its U.K. book of business and the transfer of the U.K.-based
                                    customer accounts. This disposal is in line with Wealthsimple’s strategy to focus on the Canadian market.

                                    The fair value of the Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $0.9 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with a fair
                                    value of $2.1 billion at December 31, 2021. The fair value of the Power group’s interest decreased in the first and second
                                    quarters of 2022 by $0. billion and $0. billion, respectively. The change in fair value was consistent with the decline in stock
                                    markets and public market peer valuations, and Wealthsimple focusing on its core business lines and revising revenue
                                    expectations. The fair value of the Corporation’s 1.9% equity interest in Wealthsimple, including its indirect interest held
                                    through Portage Ventures I, on a fully diluted basis, was $333 million at December 31, 2022 ($79 million at December 31, 2021).

                                    At December 31, 2022, the Power group had invested $31 million in Wealthsimple (same as at December 31, 2021).
                                    1




                                    [] In 2022, Wealthsimple refined its client definition based on continuing adjustments to the business. At December 31, 2021, the number of clients, excluding
                                        tax filers, was 1. million in accordance with the refined client definition.




                                          A 20                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 20                                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               Power Sustainable
               Power Sustainable is a pure-play sustainable investment manager with offices in Canada, China, and the U.S. Power
               Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, social progress and quality growth, which
               are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and employees. Power Sustainable is currently
               comprised of three platforms: Power Sustainable China, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure and Power Sustainable Lios.




                                                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               ASSET MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
               At December 31, 2022, Power Sustainable had $3. billion of assets under management ($2.9 billion at December 31, 2021),
               including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflect the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project

                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
               debt, and includes unfunded commitments.
               Composition of assets under management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                         December ,             December ,
               (in millions)                                                                                                                                        


               Power Sustainable China
               Funds                                                                                                                                                      4
               Separate investment management agreements                                                                                          8                    ,6

               Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
               Funds                                                                                                                            ,4                    ,
               Direct Investments                                                                                                                                         46

               Power Sustainable Lios
               Funds                                                                                                                              5                          −
               Assets under management                                                                                                          ,44                    ,4
                 Power Corporation                                                                                                               1,626                   1,866

                 Third parties and associated companies [2]                                                                                      1,816                   1,083


               Fee-bearing capital [, ]                                                                                                       ,5                    ,4
                 Power Corporation                                                                                                               1,444                   1,173
                                                            [2]
                 Third parties and associated companies                                                                                          1,089                       731

               [] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
               [] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco.
               [] Includes NAV of direct investments in energy assets since the second quarter of 2022.



               The following table summarizes the platforms managed by Power Sustainable and the Corporation’s interests in each of
               the platforms:
               December 1, 2022                                                                         Commitments                                  Interest held
                                                                                          Capital               Total        Power      Associated           Third
               (in millions; except as otherwise noted)           Currency   Vintage commitments              funded    Corporation   companies []         parties          NAV
                                                                                                       ($)        ($)           (%)             (%)            (%)            ($)

               Power Sustainable China      []
                                                                  C$           5                   45        n.a.         .4               −           .6            45

               Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
              Energy Infrastructure Partnership [, 4]            C$                          ,6         686           .4           4.            45.       ,5

               Power Sustainable Lios [5]                         C$                              6        4              −           .5            .5            45

               [] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco of $220 million in PSEIP and $30 million in Power
                   Sustainable Lios.
               [] Power Sustainable China manages open-end funds and assets on behalf of clients through separate investment management agreements; as such, the capital
                   commitment is representative of the NAV.
               [] NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and
                   consolidated investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s
                   fair value adjustments to controlled and consolidated investments.
               [4] The interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of December 31, 2022. Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of
                   $391 million.
               [5] Fund commitments of up to $219 million, of which $11 million is currently callable.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A 21




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 21                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Power Sustainable China
                                    Power Sustainable China invests in mainland China’s public equity markets and is focused on providing returns with low
                                    levels of volatility. Power Sustainable China selects a high-conviction portfolio based on fundamental research and seeks to
                                    invest in well-led, high-quality companies that have a competitive edge versus their peers and are aligned with sustainable,
                                    long-term trends.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Power Sustainable China manages China-based equity investment funds and holds a Private Fund Manager (PFM) licence
                                    for domestic Chinese investors. Power Sustainable China also manages the Corporation’s capital, which is invested in
                                    mainland China’s public equity markets through a Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) licence as well as through


 PART A
                                    the Hong Kong Stock Connect program. At December 31, 2022, Power Sustainable China had $9 million of assets under
                                    management ($1,3 million at December 31, 2021), of which $0.3 billion of assets under management are on behalf of third-
                                    party investors ($0. billion at December 31, 2021). Power Sustainable China continues fundraising activities across all
                                    investment vehicles.

                                    Power Sustainable China earns management fees ranging between 0.7% to 1.0% which are charged on the net asset
                                    value of funds and investments managed, as well as performance fees earned on an absolute basis or relative to the
                                    MSCI China Index of 1% to 20%.

                                    Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                    At December 31, 2022, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) had $2,30 million of assets
                                    under management ($1,93 million at December 31, 2021), including unfunded commitments and direct investments in
                                    energy infrastructure, and operated a leading North American-focused renewable energy platform with 1. GW of utility-
                                    scale and distributed energy assets, including  MW of assets under construction, and 3 MW of assets in advanced
                                    development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar, Power
                                    Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 100 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                    financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                          which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in New Jersey, U.S. that
                                          acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                          commercial and industrial markets.

                                    Power Sustainable Energy actively manages investments through PSEIP and through direct investments. Power Sustainable
                                    Energy earns management fees of 0.0% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a carried interest of 1%.
                                    Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.% charged on the net asset value of direct investments.

                                    POWER SUSTAINABLE ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERSHIP
                                    At December 31, 2022, PSEIP had $1.9 billion of assets under management ($1.1 billion at December 31, 2021), including unfunded
                                    commitments, throughout North America. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Power Sustainable Energy closed the second
                                    vintage of PSEIP, raising additional capital commitments of $00 million from new and existing limited partners, including a
                                    commitment of $0 million from Power Sustainable and $70 million from Lifeco. The commitments of the first and second
                                    vintage of PSEIP will be invested proportionately in the portfolio of underlying renewable energy assets. At December 31, 2022,
                                    PSEIP had total capital commitments of $1. billion dedicated to the renewable energy sector and includes a total commitment
                                    of $0 million from Power Sustainable and $220 million from Lifeco.

                                    In 2022, PSEIP invested $299 million in multiple solar and wind portfolios and distributed $1 million. At December 31, 2022,
                                    the NAV of PSEIP was $1,03 million.

                                    On March 31, 2022, a wind project in construction representing approximately 200 MW, Golden South Wind Project, reached
                                    commercial operation. In August 2022, the project and the related debt, were transferred from Potentia to PSEIP in
                                    exchange for a total consideration in cash and units in the fund of $9 million.




                                         A 22                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 22                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               DIRECT INVESTMENTS IN ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE
               Power Sustainable Energy had $391 million of assets under management through direct investments in projects under
               development and in operation in North America at December 31, 2022 ($1 million at December 31, 2021). These direct
               investments have a combined 3 MW of solar and wind energy assets, including 30 MW of assets under construction, and
               119 MW of assets in advanced development projects.




                                                                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               In the second quarter of 2022, Potentia disposed of its interest in a solar project, representing approximately 32 MW, in the
               Dominican Republic. In 2022, the Corporation recognized a net gain on the disposition of $20 million. The revenues and net
               earnings of the project were not material to the results of the Corporation.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
               At December 31, 2022, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $3. billion ($2. billion
               at December 31, 2021).

               Power Sustainable Lios
               On March 30, 2022, Power Sustainable announced the launch of its North American agri-food private equity platform, Power
               Sustainable Lios, and its inaugural Lios Fund I. Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized agri-food private equity investment
               platform supporting the sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I invests in growth-
               oriented, mid-market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change. At
               December 31, 2022, Lios Fund I had total capital commitments of up to $219 million, of which $11 million is currently
               callable by the fund and includes a commitment from Lifeco of $30 million.

               Power Sustainable Inf rastructure Credit
               On March 9, 2023, subsequent to year-end, Power Sustainable announced the launch of its Global and European
               infrastructure credit platforms. These platforms will target global investments in energy, transportation, social, digital and
               other sustainable infrastructure. The Global platform, based in Miami, will target sub investment grade infrastructure
               investments. The European platform, based in London, will target both investment grade and sub investment grade
               infrastructure investments across the U.K. and Europe. The platforms will seek to support sustainable assets, portfolios and
               operating companies with tailored financing solutions.

               INVESTING ACTIVITIES
               The Corporation holds the following investments in each of the platforms managed by Power Sustainable:
                                                                                                        December 1, 2022                                   December 1, 2021
                                                                       Investments           Distributions      Fair value of   Investments      Distributions       Fair value of
               (in millions of Canadian dollars)                            to date                to date   the investment          to date           to date    the investment


               Power Sustainable China [, ]                                   8                    4             666             66               8                 6

               Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
               PSEIP []                                                        6                                   88             6                                  
               Direct investments    [4]
                                                                                8                    5                          84                                46

               [] The fair value of the investments at December 31, 2022 includes $3 million held in cash net of unsettled transactions ($227 million at December 31, 2021), and
                   the portfolio has unrealized losses of $2 million (unrealized gains of $7 million at December 31, 2021). As well, the fair value of the investments excludes the
                   Corporation’s performance fee payable of $20 million ($3 million at December 31, 2021). In the first and third quarters of 2022, the Corporation received
                   distributions of $1 million and $ million, respectively.
               [] Investments to date includes $10 million invested in the Power Sustainable China platform since 200 to fund expenses ($129 million at December 31, 2021).
               [] Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include
                   amounts previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021 and in the third quarter of 2022.
               [4] Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus
                   and related platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  A 23




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 23                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    OTHER INVESTMENTS AND STANDALONE BUSINESSES
                                    Other investments and standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s investments in investment and hedge funds as
                                    well as the following equity investments in standalone businesses which are managed to create and realize value over time.

                                    Standalone Businesses




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    SAGARD
                                         Peak: Sagard held a 2.% equity interest and a 0% voting interest in Peak at December 31, 2022. Peak designs,
                                          develops and commercializes sports equipment and apparel for ice hockey and lacrosse under iconic brands

 PART A
                                          including Bauer. The Corporation’s investment is accounted for using the equity method.

                                          In the fourth quarter of 2022, Sagard received a return of capital of $29 million from Peak.

                                    POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         LMPG: Power Sustainable, through Power Sustainable Energy, held a controlling interest of 9.% at December 31,
                                          2022 (.% at December 31, 2021) in LMPG, an internationally recognized designer, developer, and manufacturer of
                                          a wide range of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial, institutional,
                                          and urban environments.

                                          In the fourth quarter of 2022, LMPG completed an equity financing of $73 million, in which the Corporation’s interest
                                          was diluted from .% to 9.%.

                                          On February 1, 2023, subsequent to year-end, LMPG announced the acquisition of Architectural Lighting Works (ALW),
                                          a privately owned, innovative interior and exterior architectural LED lighting solutions provider. ALW produces a diverse
                                          selection of linear, architectural decorative, cylinder and acoustic lighting products, for commercial, institutional,
                                          corporate, and health care environments in North America.

                                         Lion Electric (NYSE: LEV) (TSX: LEV): Power Sustainable, through Power Sustainable Energy, held a 3.% equity interest
                                          at December 31, 2022 (same as at December 31, 2021) in Lion Electric. An innovative manufacturer of zero-
                                          emission vehicles, Lion Electric creates, designs and manufactures all-electric Class  to Class  commercial urban
                                          trucks and all-electric buses and minibuses for the school, paratransit and mass transit segments. Lion designs, builds
                                          and assembles many of its vehicles’ components, including chassis, battery packs, truck cabins and bus bodies.

                                          In the fourth quarter of 2022, Power Sustainable invested US$2 million ($3 million) in Lion in consideration of
                                          9,2,19 common shares and 9,2,19 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was $9 million at December 31, 2022.

                                          At December 31, 2022, Power Sustainable held call rights to acquire up to 2,270,9 shares from certain existing
                                          shareholders of Lion, which expire on October 31, 2023. The fair value of the call rights was estimated to be nil at
                                          December 31, 2022 ($ million at December 31, 2021). In the first and second quarters of 2022, the Corporation
                                          recognized a loss on revaluation of the call rights of $3 million and $ million, respectively, recorded in net investment
                                          income on the consolidated statement of earnings.

                                          In the fourth quarter of 2022, Power Sustainable recognized an impairment charge on its investment in Lion of
                                          $109 million after tax ($12 million before tax) reflecting a decline in the market value at December 31, 2022.




                                         A 24                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 24                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Basis of Presentation

               IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES AND PRESENTATION
               The 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and are




                                                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               presented in Canadian dollars.

               Consolidated financial statements present, as a single economic entity, the assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and cash
               flows of the parent company and its subsidiaries. The consolidated financial statements present the financial results of Power

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
               Corporation (parent) and its subsidiaries after the elimination of intercompany balances and transactions.

               The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
               Lifeco, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Portage Ventures III funds, which are
               controlled by Power Financial.

               Power Financial’s investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly controlled by Power
               Financial and the Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.

               Under the equity method, the investment is initially recognized at cost and adjusted thereafter for changes in the share of
               net earnings (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). The investment is reduced by the amount of dividends received.

               The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
               Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
               variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
               relevant activities of the fund.

               The following table summarizes the accounting presentation for the Corporation’s holdings:
                                                                                Earnings and Other
                Control                       Accounting Method                 Compre hensive Income          Impairment Testing                Impairment Reversal

                Controlling interest          Consolidation                     Consolidated with non-         Goodwill and indefinite           Impairment of goodwill
                in the entity                                                   controlling interests          life intangible assets are        cannot be reversed
                                                                                                               tested at least annually
                                                                                                                                                 Impairment of intangible
                                                                                                               for impairment
                                                                                                                                                 assets is reversed if there
                                                                                                                                                 is evidence of recovery
                                                                                                                                                 of value

                Significant influence         Equity method                     Corporation’s share of         Entire investment is              Reversed if there is
                or joint control                                                earnings and other             tested for impairment             evidence the investment
                                                                                comprehensive income                                             has recovered its value

                                              Fair value through                Investments are marked         n.a.                              n.a.
                                              profit or loss (FVPL) []         to market through
                                                                                earnings and earnings
                                                                                include dividends
                                                                                received

                Investment                    Available for sale (AFS)          Earnings consist of            Impairment testing is             A subsequent recovery of
                                                                                dividends received and         done at the individual            value does not result in a
                                                                                gains or losses on             investment level                  reversal
                                                                                disposals
                                                                                                               A significant or
                                                                                The investments are            prolonged decline in the
                                                                                marked to market               value of the investment
                                                                                through other                  results in an impairment
                                                                                comprehensive income           charge
                                                                                Earnings are reduced by        A share price decrease
                                                                                impairment charges, if any     subsequent to an
                                                                                                               impairment charge leads
                                                                                                               to a further impairment


                                              FVPL                              Investments are marked         n.a.                              n.a.
                                                                                to market through
                                                                                earnings and earnings
                                                                                include dividends
                                                                                received

               [] The Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of
                   a venture capital organization at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  A 25




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 25                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    At December 31, 2022, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:
                                                                                                           % economic
                                    Holdings                                                                   interest          Nature of investment                Accounting method

                                    Publicly traded operating companies             []


                                      Lifeco []                                                                  66.6           Controlling interest                Consolidation




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                      IGM    []
                                                                                                                  6.           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                      GBL [4]                                                                     4.           Joint control                       Equity method
                                    ChinaAMC       [5]
                                                                                                                  .           Significant influence               Equity method

 PART A
                                    Alternative asset in vestment platforms
                                      Sagard                                                                     .           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          SHMI [6]                                                                8.           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          Wealthsimple    [, ]
                                                                                                                  .5           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          Portage Ventures I [, 8]                                               6.           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          Portage Ventures II      [, ]
                                                                                                                  .4           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          Portage Ventures III []                                                  .4         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          Sagard Credit Partners I                                                8.           Investment                          Fair value through profit or loss
                                          Sagard Credit Partners II []                                             4.         Investment                          Fair value through profit or loss
                                          Sagard Healthcare Partners                                              .           Investment                          Fair value through profit or loss
                                          Sagard Private Equity Canada       []
                                                                                                                     .         Investment                          Fair value through profit or loss
                                          Sagard MidCap II                                                        .4           Investment                          Available for sale
                                          Sagard MidCap IV []                                                   8.6           Investment                          Available for sale
                                          Sagard NewGen                                                           6.           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                      Power Sustainable                                                          .           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          Power Sustainable Investment Management Inc.                           .           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                            Investments                                                           < 5.          Investment                          Available for sale
                                          Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                           Partnership [4]                                                       .4           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          Potentia                                                               .           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          Nautilus                                                               .           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                    Standalone businesses
                                      Peak                                                                        4.6           Joint control                       Equity method
                                      LMPG                                                                        4.6           Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                      Lion                                                                        5.4           Significant influence               Equity method

                                    []   Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
                                    []   IGM also holds a .0% interest in Lifeco.

                                    []   Canada Life also holds a 3.9% interest in IGM.
                                    [4]   Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (0%). Parjointco holds a controlling interest in GBL.
                                    [5]   IGM, through Mackenzie, also holds an interest of 13.9% in ChinaAMC.
                                    [6]   During the second quarter of 2022, management of Sagard made an additional investment in SHMI and acquired an interest of 3.0%. SHMI also has a long-
                                          term incentive program pursuant to which certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the form of
                                          equity of SHMI vesting over a -year period. At December 31, 2022, management of Sagard held a 12.2% interest in SHMI. Lifeco also holds a .9% interest in
                                          SHMI.
                                    []   Portage Ventures I and IGM also hold interests of 10.% and 30.0%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (see also the section “Wealthsimple”).
                                    [8]   Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 1.% in Portage Ventures I.
                                    []   Power Financial holds a 7.7% interest, Sagard holds a .7% interest, and Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
                                    [] Lifeco and IGM also hold interests of 9.0% and .0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                    [] Lifeco also holds a 4.% interest in Sagard Credit Partners II.
                                    [] Lifeco also holds a 12.3% interest in Sagard Private Equity Canada.
                                    [] Lifeco also holds a .1% interest in Sagard MidCap IV.
                                    [4] Lifeco also holds a 1.9% interest in PSEIP.




                                            A 26                                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 26                                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               At December 31, 2022, Parjointco’s main holdings were as follows:
                                                                                    % economic
               Holdings                                                                 interest       Nature of investment         Accounting method

               GBL                                                                             .8    Controlling interest         Consolidation
                Publicly listed




                                                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                     Imerys                                                                    54.6    Controlling interest         Consolidation
                     Pernod Ricard                                                               6.   Investment                   Available for sale
                     adidas                                                                      .6   Investment                   Available for sale

                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
                     SGS                                                                       .    Investment                   Available for sale
                     Umicore                                                                   5.    Investment                   Available for sale
                     MOWI                                                                        .   Investment                   Available for sale
                     Holcim                                                                      .   Investment                   Available for sale
                     GEA                                                                         6.   Investment                   Available for sale
                     Ontex                                                                     .    Investment                   Available for sale
                     Other investments                                                         < 5.   Investment                   Available for sale
                 Privately held
                     Sienna Investment Managers                                              .     Controlling interest         Consolidation
                     GBL Capital                                                             .     Controlling interest         Consolidation
                     Webhelp                                                                   6.5    Controlling interest         Consolidation
                     Canyon                                                                    48.    Controlling interest         Consolidation
                     Affidea                                                                   .6    Controlling interest         Consolidation
                     Sanoptis                                                                  8.8    Controlling interest         Consolidation
                     Voodoo                                                                    6.    Investment                   Available for sale
                     Parques Reunidos                                                          .    Significant influence        Equity method




               The following table summarizes the classification of the investments held by the controlled and consolidated funds
               managed by the investment platforms:

               Investment Fund                                         Classification of Investments held by the fund          Measurement

               Portage Ventures I []                                  Available for sale                                      Fair value
               Portage Ventures II                                     Fair value through profit or loss                       Fair value
               Portage Ventures III                                    Fair value through profit or loss                       Fair value
               Sagard NewGen       []
                                                                       Fair value through profit or loss                       Fair value

               [] Excludes investment in Wealthsimple which is controlled and consolidated by the Corporation.
               [] Excludes an investment in a controlled and consolidated subsidiary.




               This basis of presentation should be read in conjunction with the following notes to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated
               Financial Statements:

                       Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies (Note 2);

                       Investments (Note );

                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates (Note 7);

                       Goodwill and intangible assets (Note 10); and

                       Non-controlling interests (Note 20).




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                        A 27




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 27                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Results of Power Corporation

                                    This section presents:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in accordance with IFRS”; and

                                         A discussion of the contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and GBL, which
                                          are held through Power Financial, and the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms,
                                          ChinaAMC and the Corporation’s other investments and standalone businesses to the net earnings and adjusted net

 PART A
                                          earnings of Power Corporation.

                                    Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
                                    and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.

                                    PRESENTATION OF THE HOLDING COMPANY
                                    The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s
                                    investments in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in
                                    addition to the asset management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial
                                    reporting. The Corporation evaluates its performance based on the operating segment’s contribution to earnings.

                                    The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
                                    presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
                                    investments in Lifeco, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
                                    equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash,
                                    investments, debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and
                                    “Cash Flows” present the segmented balance sheet and cash flow statement of the holding company, which are presented
                                    in Note 33 of the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are
                                    provided throughout this MD&A.

                                    DEFERRAL OF IFRS 9, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (IFRS 9)
                                    In May 2017, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, which will replace
                                    IFRS , Insurance Contracts and will be applied retrospectively. In June 2020, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 17, which
                                    include an amendment to the effective date of the standard to January 1, 2023. In addition, the IASB extended to January 1,
                                    2023 the exemption for insurers to apply the financial instruments standard, IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, keeping the
                                    alignment of the effective dates for IFRS 9 and IFRS 17.

                                    IGM, a subsidiary, and GBL, held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation, do not qualify for the exemption and
                                    adopted IFRS 9 on January 1, 201. The Corporation, in accordance with the amendment of IFRS  to defer the adoption of
                                    IFRS 9, is permitted but not required to retain the accounting policies applied by an associate or a jointly controlled
                                    corporation which is accounted for using the equity method. The Corporation decided to continue applying accounting
                                    policies in accordance with IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, to GBL’s results. On
                                    consolidation, the Corporation has adjusted the results of both IGM and GBL to be in accordance with IAS 39. Refer to the
                                    specific discussion included in the IGM and GBL sections “Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings”.




                                         A 28                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 28                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
               Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the twelve months and three months ended December 31,
               2022 are presented below. The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding
               company. These tables reflect the contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating
               shareholders from its reportable segments and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




                                                                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               investment platforms, which include controlled and consolidated investment funds and investments, its investment in
               ChinaAMC, and the Corporation’s other investments and standalone businesses.

               Consolidated net earnings – Twelve months ended


                                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART A
                                                                                                                Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                      Investment
                                                                                                      Holding      Platforms and             Effect of          Power Corporation
                                                          Lifeco         IGM []        GBL []      company              Other []   consolidation [4]      Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                          December ,     December ,
                                                                                                                                                                             

               Revenues
               Total net premiums                      5,8                 −              −             −                     −                (6)         5,5            5,
               Net investment income (loss)           (5,8)              4               −            48                  (6)                 5         (5,5)             5,46
               Fee income                                ,58         ,4                 −             −                 5                (68)          ,4            ,55
               Other revenues                                  −              −              −             −                 5                     −            5                56
               Total revenues                          44,64          ,455                 −            48                                 ()          48,65            6,56
               Expenses
               Total paid or credited to
                 policyholders                         ,664                 −              −             −                     −                   −         ,664            5,5
               Commissions                               ,65         ,5                 −             −                     −                (48)          ,              ,
               Operating and administrative
                 expenses                                8,5         ,4                 −          5               ,8                 ()          ,5            ,
               Financing charges                           8            4                −            55                  4                   5             66                5
               Total expenses                          4,84          ,54                 −          8               ,8                 (6)          44,6            64,4
               Earnings before investments in
                 jointly controlled
                 corporations and associates,
                 and income taxes                        ,4                            −          ()               (45)                 (6)          4,58              4,58
               Share of earnings (losses) of
                 investments in jointly
                 controlled corporations and
                 associates                                                          (5)            5                (46)               (6)              (4)              
               Earnings before income taxes              ,68         ,              (5)           (5)               (5)               (8)           4,4              5,6
               Income taxes                                4            5                −             4                    (8)                              48                64
               Net earnings                              ,54            8             (5)           ()               (5)               ()           ,54              4,6

               Attributable to
                 Non-controlling interests               ,44                            −          5                 (48)               ()           ,58              ,4
                 Non-participating
                   shareholders                                −              −              −            5                     −                   −              5                   5
                 Participating shareholders of
                   Power Corporation [4]                 ,            544             (5)          (66)               (44)                    −          ,              ,
                                                         ,54            8             (5)           ()               (5)               ()           ,54              4,6

               [] Results reported by IGM are in accordance with IFRS 9. As the Corporation has not adopted IFRS 9, adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 have been
                   recognized on consolidation by the Corporation and included in “Effect of consolidation”.
               [] Results reported by GBL are in accordance with IFRS . The Corporation’s share of earnings of GBL includes adjustments in accordance with IAS .
               [] “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other” is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated
                   investment funds, as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and
                   the Corporation’s other investments and standalone businesses.
               [4] The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions, the
                   application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control, and reflects adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM. The
                   contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
                   Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding company.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            A 29




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 29                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Consolidated net earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                                                   Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                         Investment
                                                                                                           Holding    Platforms and           Effect of                        Power Corporation
                                                                             Lifeco   IGM []   GBL []   company            Other [] consolidation [4]                    Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                            December , September ,            December ,




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                                

                                    Revenues
                                    Total net premiums                      8,544          −         −            −                  −                ()           8,55              ,5           ,8
                                    Net investment income (loss)            ,56       6           −                            (6)             ()            ,56               (,)          ,48

 PART A
                                                                     [5]


                                    Fee income                              ,     8            −            −                6               (8)            ,84               ,5            ,85
                                    Other revenues                               −         −         −            −              4                   −               4                46             6
                                    Total revenues                         4,86     855            −                         88                (64)           5,85              ,45           ,45
                                    Expenses
                                    Total paid or credited to
                                      policyholders                         ,8          −         −            −                  −                 −            ,8               8,           4,5
                                    Commissions                              5                  −            −                  −              ()            ,4                 8            ,48
                                    Operating and administrative
                                      expenses                              ,8     8            −          4               5                ()            ,868               ,545            ,8
                                    Financing charges [5]                    4                   −          4                 5                                 85                6             56
                                    Total expenses                         ,8     6            −          48               4                (48)           ,              ,4           8,6
                                    Earnings before investments in
                                      jointly controlled
                                      corporations and associates,
                                      and income taxes                      ,     5            −         (8)             ()               (6)            ,6               ,5             868
                                    Share of earnings (losses) of
                                      investments in jointly
                                      controlled corporations and
                                      associates                              (4)      66        48            4              (46)               (48)                (8)               ()           
                                    Earnings before income taxes            ,              48           (4)             (58)               (64)            ,6                 4            ,8
                                    Income taxes                             8        6           −                           ()                ()              68                  85            
                                    Net earnings                            ,5     8         48           (5)             (45)               (6)               8                             8
                                    Attributable to
                                      Non-controlling interests              45                   −          4                (6)              (6)               4                44             4
                                      Non-participating
                                        shareholders                             −         −         −                             −                 −                                               
                                      Participating shareholders of
                                        Power Corporation [4]                65      5         48           (6)             (85)                  −               486                4             66
                                                                            ,5     8         48           (5)             (45)               (6)               8                             8

                                    [] Results reported by IGM are in accordance with IFRS 9. As the Corporation has not adopted IFRS 9, adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 have been
                                        recognized on consolidation by the Corporation and included in “Effect of consolidation”.
                                    [] Results reported by GBL are in accordance with IFRS . The Corporation’s share of earnings of GBL includes adjustments in accordance with IAS .
                                    [] “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other” is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated
                                        investment funds, as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and
                                        the Corporation’s other investments and standalone businesses.
                                    [4] The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions, the
                                        application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control, and reflects adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM. The
                                        contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
                                        Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding company.
                                    [5] Comparative figures for the three months ended September 30, 2022 have been adjusted to reflect a reclassification of the fair value changes of certain
                                        derivative contracts. This reclassification had no impact on net earnings.


                                    As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net and
                                    adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM and GBL is provided
                                    in the section “Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings” below.




                                          A 30                                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 30                                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
               This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
               participating shareholders from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset
               investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, ChinaAMC, and the
               Corporation’s other investments and standalone businesses. The corporate operations from Power Corporation and Power




                                                                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Financial are presented on a combined basis.
                                                                                                               Twelve months ended                              Three months ended
                                                                                                       December ,    December ,    December ,   September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                            


                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
               Adjusted net earnings []
               Lifeco []                                                                                    ,4           ,5            54             458              55
               IGM []                                                                                        58             6             4             4              6
               GBL []                                                                                        ()             6             (4)            (6)             ()
               Effect of consolidation []                                                                      66              68                           ()             (6)
                                                                                                             ,64           ,4            4             55              
               Sagard and Power Sustainable [4]                                                               (65)           46             (8)            (45)            
               ChinaAMC                                                                                         5              6              4              5             
               Other investments and standalone businesses                                                     ()           5              (8)             4             
               Corporate operating and other expenses                                                         (84)           ()            (4)            (5)            (4)
               Dividends on non-participating and
                   perpetual preferred shares                                                                 (8)           (88)            (4)            (4)            (4)
                                                                                                             ,5           ,            4             4              66
               Adjustments [5]
               Lifeco []                                                                                         −            (8)             8               −             ()
               IGM []                                                                                            −              5                −              −              5
               Effect of consolidation                                                                           8            ()                             −              ()
                                                                                                                 8            (85)                            −             (5)
               Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                    ()           (5)               −              −             (5)
               Corporate operations                                                                               −            ()               −              −               −
                                                                                                                 ()          ()                            −             (5)
               Net earnings []
               Lifeco []                                                                                    ,4           ,88            68             458              5
               IGM []                                                                                        58             66             4             4              66
               GBL []                                                                                        ()             6             (4)            (6)             ()
               Effect of consolidation                                                                          4             (5)             4             ()             ()
                                                                                                             ,6           ,            8             55              66
               Sagard and Power Sustainable []                                                               (5)                        (8)            (45)            4
               ChinaAMC                                                                                         5              6              4              5             
               Other investments and standalone businesses                                                     ()           5              (8)             4             
               Corporate operating and other expenses                                                         (84)           (46)            (4)            (5)            (4)
               Dividends on non-participating and
                   perpetual preferred shares                                                                 (8)           (88)            (4)            (4)            (4)
                                                                                                             ,           ,            486             4              66
               Earnings per share – basic [6]
               Adjusted net earnings                                                                          .85            4.            .5            .6           .
               Adjustments                                                                                        −           (.46)          .4               −           (.)
               Net earnings                                                                                   .85            4.            .            .6           .

               [] Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. For a reconciliation of Lifeco, IGM, and Sagard and
                   Power Sustainable’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings, refer to the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”, and “Sagard and Power Sustainable”
                   below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of each.
               [] As reported by Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
               [] See table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
               [4] Consists of earnings (losses) of the Corporation’s investment platforms including investments held through Power Financial.
               [5] See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.
               [6] Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     A 31




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 31                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Effect of consolidation reflects:

                                            The elimination of intercompany transactions;

                                            The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control to the reported net
                                             earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                i)   An adjustment related to Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP; and

                                                ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II
                                                    and Portage Ventures III, to the contributions from Lifeco and IGM based on their respective interest; and

 PART A                                     Adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM and GBL.

                                    The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings by nature for Lifeco, IGM and GBL:
                                                                                                                 Twelve months ended                                       Three months ended
                                                                                                         December ,     December ,        December ,       September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                       

                                    Lifeco
                                    Application of the Corporation’s accounting method on
                                      investments under common control and other                                 (5)                ()                ()              ()              −

                                    IGM
                                    Application of the Corporation’s accounting method on
                                      investments under common control                                             (5)               (4)                  (6)             ()            
                                    Adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 and other                                                                     ()                            5
                                                                                                                   ()               ()                  (8)             (6)            8

                                    GBL
                                    Adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 and other                             8                                                  (4)           (4)
                                                                                                                  66                  68                                ()             (6)

                                    Per share                                                                   .                .                .5            (.)          (.)




                                                                  vs.                                                      Q4  vs. Q4  and Q 

                                    Net earnings
                                    $1,913 million or $2. per share, compared with $2,917 million or      $ million or $0.73 per share, compared with $2 million or
                                    $.31 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, a decrease         $0.93 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, a decrease of
                                    of 33.9% on a per share basis.                                          21.% on a per share basis, and $22 million or $0.3 per share in
                                                                                                            the third quarter of 2022.

                                    Adjusted net earnings
                                    $1,91 million or $2. per share, compared with $3,230 million or      $39 million or $0.9 per share, compared with $7 million or
                                    $.77 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, a decrease         $1.00 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, a decrease of
                                    of 0.3% on a per share basis.                                          1.0% on a per share basis, and $22 million or $0.3 per share in
                                                                                                            the third quarter of 2022.

                                    Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL
                                    Contribution to net earnings of $2,22 million, compared with        Contribution to net earnings of $33 million, compared with
                                    $2,719 million in the corresponding period in 2021, a decrease       $7 million in the corresponding period in 2021, an increase
                                    of 3.%.                                                             of 2.9%, and $3 million in the third quarter of 2022.

                                    Contribution to adjusted net earnings of $2,1 million, compared       Contribution to adjusted net earnings of $71 million, compared
                                    with $2,90 million in the corresponding period in 2021, a              with $702 million in the corresponding period in 2021, an increase
                                    decrease of 10.0%.                                                      of .%, and $3 million in the third quarter of 2022.




                                    A discussion of the results of the Corporation is provided in the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”, “GBL”, “Sagard and Power
                                    Sustainable”, “ChinaAMC”, “Other investments and standalone businesses”, “Corporate operations”, and “Adjustments” below.




                                          A 32                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 32                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               LIFECO

               Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                Twelve months ended                             Three months ended
                                                                                                        December ,   December ,    December ,   September ,   December ,




                                                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                            

               Contribution to Power Corporation’s []:
                   Adjusted net earnings


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
                     As reported by Lifeco                                                                    ,4          ,5            54             458             55
                     Effect of consolidation     []
                                                                                                                (5)           ()            ()             ()              −
                                                                                                              ,          ,6            56             45             55
                   Adjustments
                     As reported by Lifeco                                                                         −           (8)             8               −            ()
                     Effect of consolidation     []
                                                                                                                   −             ()              −              −              
                                                                                                                   −           (8)             8               −            (8)
                   Net earnings                                                                               ,          ,            65             45             5

               [] Power Financial’s average direct ownership in Lifeco was .% for the year ended December 31, 2022 (.7% in the corresponding period in 2021).
               [] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments
                   under common control including an adjustment for Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
               [] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.



               Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                Twelve months ended                             Three months ended
                                                                                                        December ,   December ,    December ,   September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                            

               Adjusted net earnings per share [, ]                                                         .455          .5           .5           .8          .88
               Adjustments    []
                                                                                                                   −        (.4)          .44                −        (.65)
               Net earnings per share []                                                                     .455          .65           .           .8          .8

               [] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
               [] Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
               [] See the section “Adjustments” below.




                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   A 33




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 33                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as re ported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                            Twelve months ended                                         Three months ended
                                                                                                                  December ,       December ,        December ,         September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                    

                                    Adjusted net earnings [, ]




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                      Canada                                                                             ,46               ,                 5                8            
                                      United States                                                                        65                 6                 85                4            56
                                      Europe                                                                               8                 8                                             


 PART A
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                           5                 54                 8                              45
                                      Lifeco Corporate                                                                        ()                 (8)               (4)                 −              (6)
                                                                                                                         ,               ,6                 8                688            85
                                    Adjustments [, 4]
                                      Actuarial assumption changes and
                                        other management actions [5]                                                                        4                   4                 68             
                                      Market-related impacts on liabilities [5]                                             ()                 4                  8                (45)            
                                      Transaction costs related to acquisitions                                             (4)              (8)                   (5)                           (4)
                                      Restructuring and integration costs                                                  ()                (66)                ()               (4)           (5)
                                      Tax legislative changes impact                                                         84                 ()                 84                  −               −
                                      Net gain/charge on business dispositions                                                 −                (4)                      −              −            (4)
                                                                                                                               −              ()                4                   −            (6)
                                    Net earnings []
                                      Canada                                                                             ,6               ,8                 8                6            
                                      United States                                                                        46                 4                 6                64              
                                      Europe                                                                               84                 6                 8                4            
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                           66                 5                                 5            
                                      Lifeco Corporate                                                                        ()               (66)                (4)                 −              (6)
                                    Net earnings []                                                                     ,               ,8               ,6                688            65

                                    [] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
                                    [] Defined as “base earnings” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation
                                        by segment.

                                    [] Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Lifeco; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
                                    [4] See the section “Adjustments” below.

                                    [5] Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details including a definition of these Adjustments.


                                                                     vs.                                                              Q4  vs. Q4  and Q 

                                    Net earnings
                                    $3,219 million or $3. per share, compared with $3,12 million or               $1,02 million or $1.101 per share, compared with $7 million or
                                    $3.3 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, an increase                 $0.22 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, an increase
                                    of 2.7% on a per share basis.                                                     of 33.9% on a per share basis, and $ million or $0.73 per
                                                                                                                      share in the third quarter of 2022.
                                    Lifeco’s net earnings in the third quarter of 2022 included a
                                    $12 million after-tax provision primarily relating to estimated
                                    claims net of reinstatement premiums on these coverages
                                    following the impacts of Hurricane Ian.

                                    Adjusted net earnings
                                    $3,219 million or $3. per share, compared with $3,20 million                  $92 million or $0.97 per share, compared with $2 million or
                                    or $3.07 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, a                        $0.7 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, an increase
                                    decrease of 1.% on a per share basis.                                            of 7.9% on a per share basis, and $ million or $0.73 per share
                                                                                                                      in the third quarter of 2022.




                                          A 34                                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 34                                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               CANADA
               Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 decreased by $71 million to $1,11 million, compared
               with the corresponding period in 2021. Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 were
               $1,1 million, a decrease of $7 million compared with the corresponding period in 2021, primarily due to:
                     Lower fee income driven by lower assets, less favourable mortality experience as well as lower policyholder behaviour




                                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                      experience in Individual Customer and less favourable investment experience on equity-release mortgages.
                     Partially offset by changes in certain tax estimates and strong Group long-term disability results driven by effective
                      claims management and disciplined pricing actions.


                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
               Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 excluded Adjustments of negative $30 million,
               compared with Adjustments of negative $33 million in the corresponding period in 2021. Actuarial assumption changes and
               other management actions were negative $117 million, compared with negative $3 million in the corresponding period in
               2021 and primarily related to updated policyholder behaviour assumptions, partially offset by mortality updates and model
               refinements in the third quarter of 2022. The twelve months ended December 31, 2022 also included the favourable impact of
               the revaluation of net deferred tax assets and actuarial liabilities of $ million resulting from an increase to the Canadian
               statutory income tax rate substantively enacted during the fourth quarter of 2022. Market-related impacts were positive
               $3 million, compared with positive $10 million in the corresponding period in 2021.

               Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 increased by $73 million to $30 million, compared with
               the corresponding quarter in 2021. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 were
               $29 million, a decrease of $22 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2021, primarily due to the same reasons
               discussed in the twelve-month period above.

               Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 excluded Adjustments of positive $ million,
               compared with Adjustments of negative $10 million in the corresponding quarter in 2021. The fourth quarter of 2022
               included the favourable impact of the revaluation of net deferred tax assets and actuarial liabilities of $ million, as
               discussed in the twelve-month period above. Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions were positive
               $2 million, compared with negative $13 million in the corresponding quarter in 2021. Market-related impacts were negative
               $1 million, compared with positive $3 million for the corresponding quarter in 2021.

               UNITED STATES
               Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 decreased by US$ million (C$39 million) to
               US$39 million (C$0 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2021. Adjusted net earnings were US$99 million
               (C$2 million) in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of US$3 million (C$19 million) compared
               with the corresponding period in 2021, primarily due to:
                     A decrease of US$12 million in Putnam to a net loss of US$0 million, primarily due to lower asset-based fee income
                      and the unfavourable impact of certain tax items.
                 Partially offset by:
                     An increase of US$2 million in Financial Services to adjusted net earnings of US$ million, primarily due to adjusted
                      net earnings of US$129 million related to the Prudential acquisition, as well as higher contributions from investment
                      experience. These items were partially offset by lower fee income driven by lower average equity markets and
                      transaction volumes as well as higher expenses driven by business growth; and
                     An increase of US$2 million in Corporate to adjusted net earnings of US$ million, primarily due to the impact of
                      changes in certain tax estimates.

               Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 excluded Adjustments of negative
               US$10 million (C$192 million), compared with negative US$13 million (C$172 million) in the corresponding period in 2021.
               The increase in Adjustments was primarily due to higher restructuring and integration costs related to the Prudential and
               MassMutual acquisitions, as well as market volatility resulting in hedge ineffectiveness related to Prudential guaranteed
               lifetime withdrawal benefit products, partially offset by lower transaction costs, which were driven by a contingent
               consideration provision release of US$39 million related to Personal Capital in the third quarter of 2022. The twelve-month
               period ended December 31, 2021 included $7 million of additional contingent consideration expense related to the
               acquisition of Personal Capital.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                  A 35




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 35                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 increased by US$ million (C$70 million) to
                                    US$119 million (C$12 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2021. Adjusted net earnings were US$13 million
                                    (C$1 million) in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, an increase of US$10 million (C$29 million) compared
                                    with the corresponding quarter in 2021, primarily due to:
                                         An increase of US$1 million in Financial Services to adjusted net earnings of US$11 million, primarily due to adjusted net




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          earnings of US$7 million related to the Prudential acquisition, as well as the same reasons discussed in the twelve-month
                                          period above; and
                                         An increase of US$2 million in Corporate to adjusted net earnings of US$ million, primarily due to the same reason


 PART A
                                          discussed in the twelve-month period above.
                                         Partially offset by a decrease of US$ million in Putnam to a net loss of US$20 million, primarily due to the same
                                          reasons discussed in the twelve-month period above.

                                    Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 excluded Adjustments of negative
                                    US$1 million (C$23 million), compared with negative US$2 million (C$ million) in the corresponding quarter in 2021.
                                    The decrease in Adjustments was primarily due to lower transaction costs. The fourth quarter of 2021 included US$39 million
                                    of additional contingent consideration expense related to the acquisition of Personal Capital. Adjustments in Financial
                                    Services were comparable with the corresponding quarter in 2021 as higher restructuring and integration costs related to
                                    the Prudential acquisition were offset by positive contributions from hedge ineffectiveness related to Prudential guaranteed
                                    lifetime withdrawal benefit products resulting from higher equity market levels in the three-month period ended
                                    December 31, 2022.

                                    EUROPE
                                    Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 increased by $ million to $9 million, compared with
                                    the corresponding period in 2021. Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 were
                                    $92 million, an increase of $2 million compared with the corresponding period in 2021, primarily due to:
                                         Favourable investment experience in the U.K. and Ireland, as well as higher fee income and favourable mortality
                                          experience in Ireland.
                                         Partially offset by unfavourable longevity experience in the U.K., the unfavourable impact of currency movement, and
                                          the non-recurrence of a 2021 pension settlement gain in Ireland.

                                    Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 excluded Adjustments of positive $92 million,
                                    compared with positive $1 million in the corresponding period in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower
                                    contributions from actuarial assumption changes and other management actions as well as unfavourable market-related
                                    impacts driven by reductions in property market values in the U.K. The twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021
                                    included unfavourable impacts of tax legislative changes on deferred tax liabilities, as well as lower transaction costs,
                                    including contingent consideration provisions, related to acquisitions in Ireland, and a net charge on a business disposition
                                    in Corporate.

                                    Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 increased by $ million to $27 million, compared with
                                    the corresponding quarter in 2021. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 were
                                    $239 million, an increase of $2 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2021, primarily due to:
                                         Favourable investment experience in the U.K. and Ireland, as well as favourable longevity experience in the U.K.
                                         Partially offset by less favourable morbidity experience in Ireland, the unfavourable impact of currency movement,
                                          and the non-recurrence of changes to certain tax estimates in the U.K. in 2021.

                                    Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 excluded Adjustments of positive $ million,
                                    compared with positive $2 million in the corresponding quarter in 2021. The increase in Adjustments was primarily due to
                                    lower transaction costs, including contingent consideration provisions, related to acquisitions in Ireland and a net charge on
                                    business disposition in 2021, partially offset by lower contributions from actuarial assumption changes and other
                                    management actions. Market-related impacts on liabilities were comparable to the corresponding quarter in 2021 as
                                    reductions in property market values in the U.K. were mostly offset by favourable impacts on investment guarantee business
                                    and positive interest rate impacts in Ireland.




                                         A 36                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 36                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
               Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 increased by $130 million to $2 million, compared
               with the corresponding period in 2021. Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 were
               $32 million, a decrease of $1 million compared with the corresponding period in 2021, primarily due to:
                     A net provision for estimated claims resulting from the impact of Hurricane Ian of $12 million after tax recorded




                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                      during the third quarter of 2022. The third quarter of 2021 also included a provision for major weather events of
                      $1 million. Lifeco offers property and catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, Lifeco is
                      exposed to potential claims arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events.


                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
                     Partially offset by business growth, favourable longevity experience and improved claims experience on the U.S. life
                      business.

               Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 excluded Adjustments of positive $130 million,
               compared with Adjustments of negative $1 million in the corresponding period in 2021. The twelve-month period of 2022
               included positive contributions from insurance contract liability basis changes and a decrease in actuarial liabilities on a
               legacy block of business with investment performance guarantees.

               Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 increased by $7 million to $211 million, compared with
               the corresponding quarter in 2021. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 were
               $17 million, an increase of $2 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2021, primarily due to:
                     Strong new business growth, favourable longevity experience and improved claims experience on the U.S. life business.
                     Partially offset by the impact of currency movement.

               Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 excluded Adjustments of positive $2 million,
               compared with Adjustments of negative $12 million in the corresponding quarter in 2021, primarily due to the same reasons
               discussed in the twelve-month period above.

               ADJUSTMENTS
               Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by Lifeco’s management.
               Refer to the further discussion above in each of Lifeco’s operating segments.

               In 2022, Adjustments were a net impact of nil, and consist of:
                     In the fourth quarter of 2022, Adjustments were a positive net impact of $13 million, which consisted of a positive
                      earnings impact of $9 million after tax ($9 million pre-tax) relating to actuarial assumption changes and other
                      management actions, positive market-related impacts on liabilities of $3 million after tax ($ million pre-tax), and
                      a positive impact from tax legislative changes of $ million after tax ($ million pre-tax), partially offset by
                      restructuring and integration costs of $32 million after tax ($3 million pre-tax) in the United States segment and
                      transaction costs of $ million after tax ($ million pre-tax) related to recent acquisitions in the Europe segment.
                     In the third quarter of 2022, Adjustments were a net impact of nil, which consisted of a positive earnings impact of
                      $ million after tax ($2 million pre-tax) relating to actuarial assumption changes and other management actions,
                      transaction costs of positive $20 million after tax ($1 million pre-tax) which include a contingent consideration
                      provision release related to Personal Capital partially offset by transaction costs related to the acquisition of the full-
                      service retirement business of Prudential, as well as recent acquisitions in the Europe segment, offset by restructuring
                      and integration costs of $3 million after tax ($ million pre-tax) in the United States segment and by negative
                      market-related impacts on liabilities of $ million after tax ($ million pre-tax).
                     In the second quarter of 2022, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $9 million, which consisted of a
                      positive earnings impact of $21 million after tax ($2 million pre-tax) relating to actuarial assumption changes and
                      other management actions, offset by negative market-related impacts on liabilities of $1 million after tax ($19 million
                      pre-tax), transaction costs of $7 million after tax ($71 million pre-tax) related to the acquisition of the full-service
                      retirement business of Prudential, as well as recent acquisitions in the Europe segment, and restructuring and
                      integration costs of $ million after tax ($0 million pre-tax) in the United States segment.
                     In the first quarter of 2022, Adjustments were a negative earnings impact of $39 million which consisted of a negative
                      earnings impact of $9 million after tax ($9 million pre-tax) relating to actuarial assumption changes and other
                      management actions, negative market-related impacts on liabilities of $11 million after tax ($1 million pre-tax),
                      restructuring and integration costs of $12 million after tax ($17 million pre-tax) in the United States segment, and
                      transaction costs of $7 million after tax ($ million pre-tax) related to the acquisition of the full-service retirement
                      business of Prudential, as well as acquisitions in the Europe segment.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                     A 37




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 37                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    In 2021, Adjustments with a negative earnings impact of $132 million after tax consisted of:
                                         In the fourth quarter of 2021, Adjustments were a negative earnings impact of $0 million which consisted of a positive
                                          earnings impact of $23 million after tax ($2 million pre-tax) relating to actuarial assumption changes and other
                                          management actions and positive market-related impacts on liabilities of $20 million after tax ($22 million pre-tax),
                                          offset by transaction costs of $7 million after tax ($7 million pre-tax) related to the acquisitions of the full-service




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          retirement business of Prudential, Personal Capital and MassMutual in the United States segment, restructuring and
                                          integration costs of $1 million after tax ($21 million pre-tax), and a net charge on business dispositions of $1 million
                                          after tax ($1 million pre-tax) in the Europe segment.


 PART A
                                         In the third quarter of 2021, Adjustments were a positive earnings impact of $2 million which consisted of a positive
                                          earnings impact of $9 million after tax ($7 million pre-tax) relating to actuarial assumption changes and other
                                          management actions and positive market-related impacts on liabilities of $7 million after tax ($2 million pre-tax),
                                          offset by transaction costs of $90 million after tax ($10 million pre-tax) related to the acquisitions of the full-service
                                          retirement business of Prudential, Personal Capital and MassMutual, which includes a provision for payments relating
                                          to Lifeco’s 2003 acquisition of The Canada Life Assurance Company of $ million recognized in Corporate, and
                                          restructuring and integration costs of $2 million after tax ($32 million pre-tax).
                                         In the second quarter of 2021, Adjustments were a negative earnings impact of $2 million which consisted of a
                                          positive earnings impact of $37 million after tax ($2 million pre-tax) relating to actuarial assumption changes and
                                          other management actions, offset by negative market-related impacts on liabilities of $19 million after tax ($1 million
                                          pre-tax), a negative impact from U.K. tax legislative changes of $21 million, transaction costs related to the acquisitions
                                          of Personal Capital and MassMutual of $2 million after tax ($2 million pre-tax) and restructuring and integration
                                          costs of $1 million after tax ($21 million pre-tax).
                                         In the first quarter of 2021, Adjustments were a negative earnings impact of $32 million which consisted of a positive
                                          earnings impact of $ million after tax ($ million pre-tax) relating to actuarial assumption changes and other
                                          management actions, offset by negative market-related impacts on liabilities of $2 million after tax ($2 million pre-
                                          tax), restructuring and integration costs of $12 million after tax ($1 million pre-tax), and transaction costs related to
                                          the acquisitions of Personal Capital and MassMutual of $1 million after tax ($2 million pre-tax).

                                    The information above has been derived from Lifeco’s Annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A for additional information on
                                    Lifeco’s annual results. Lifeco’s most recent Annual MD&A is available under its profile on SEDAR (www.sedar.com).




                                         A 38                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 38                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               IGM FINANCIAL

               Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                           Twelve months ended                              Three months ended
                                                                                                   December ,    December ,   December ,    September ,    December ,




                                                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                         

               Contribution to Power Corporation’s []:
                 Adjusted net earnings
                   As reported by IGM                                                                      58             6            4             4              6
                   Effect of consolidation []                                                               ()           ()             (8)              (6)            8                                  PART A
                                                                                                           56             5                         8              
                 Adjustments
                   As reported by IGM                                                                         −              5               −                −               5
                   Effect of consolidation []                                                               8            ()                              −              ()
                                                                                                             8             (6)                              −               
                 Net earnings                                                                              544             44            5             8              8

               [] Power Financial’s average direct ownership in IGM was 2.0% for the year ended December 31, 2022 (1.% in the corresponding period in 2021).
               [] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions, the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments
                   under common control including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio and reflects adjustments in accordance with IAS 39.

               [] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.




               Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM (in accordance with IFRS 9)
                                                                                                           Twelve months ended                              Three months ended
                                                                                                   December ,    December ,   December ,    September ,    December ,
                                                                                                                                                         

               Adjusted net earnings per share [, ]                                                     .6            4.5           .4             .            .8
               Adjustments    [, 4]
                                                                                                              −           .               −                −           .
               Net earnings per share []                                                                 .6            4.8           .4             .            .

               [] Available to IGM common shareholders.
               [] Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to Part C of this MD&A.
               [] See the section “Adjustments” below.
               [4] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


               Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM (in accordance with IFRS 9)
                                                                                                           Twelve months ended                              Three months ended
                                                                                                   December ,    December ,   December ,    September ,    December ,
                                                                                                                                                         

               Wealth Management []                                                                      448             54            8                            4
               Asset Management []                                                                                    4              5               5              66
               Strategic Investments and Other        []
                                                                                                          6             8              66               4              48
               Adjusted net earnings [, ]                                                               86                         5              6              6
               Adjustments [, 4]                                                                             −              8               −                −               8
               Net earnings   []
                                                                                                          86                         5              6              6

               [] Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
               [] Available to IGM common shareholders.
               [] Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure, refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does
                   not allocate Adjustments to segments.
               [4] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A 39




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 39                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                                                vs.                                                    Q4  vs. Q4  and Q 

                                    Net earnings
                                    $7 million or $3.3 per share, compared with $979 million or       $22 million or $0.9 per share, compared with $29 million or
                                    $.0 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, a decrease of   $1.11 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, a decrease of
                                    11.0% on a per share basis.                                          1.3% on a per share basis, and $21 million or $0.91 per share in




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                         the third quarter of 2022.

                                    Adjusted net earnings
                                    $7 million or $3.3 per share, compared with $971 million or       $22 million or $0.9 per share, compared with $21 million or
                                    $.0 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, a decrease of   $1.0 per share in the corresponding period in 2021, a decrease of

 PART A
                                    10.% on a per share basis.                                          13.0% on a per share basis, and $21 million or $0.91 per share in
                                                                                                         the third quarter of 2022.


                                    On January 1, 201, IGM adopted IFRS 9, Financial Instruments. Power Corporation has deferred the adoption of IFRS 9 and
                                    continues to apply IAS 39 at December 31, 2022. The contribution to Power Corporation includes adjustments to reverse the
                                    impact of the application of IFRS 9 by IGM. During the second quarter of 2022, IGM disposed of corporate investments
                                    classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), which the Corporation classified as available for sale
                                    (AFS) under IAS 39. The gain on disposal has been recognized in net earnings by the Corporation and is included as an
                                    Adjustment in “Effect of consolidation”.

                                    IGM did not report Adjustments in 2022. Adjusted net earnings excluded Adjustments of a positive earnings impact of
                                    $ million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021. These Adjustments are not allocated to segments. The
                                    following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings:

                                    WEALTH MANAGEMENT
                                    Net earnings decreased by $9 million to $ million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, compared
                                    with the corresponding period in 2021. The decrease in net earnings is mainly related to a decrease in net earnings of
                                    IG Wealth Management of $ million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $3 million to $3 million in the twelve-month period
                                          which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with assets or sales levels. Asset-
                                          based compensation increased by $23 million to $9 million, primarily due to rate increases due to changes in
                                          advisor productivity. Sales-based compensation payments are based upon the level of new assets contributed to client
                                          accounts and are capitalized and amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based
                                          compensation increased by $20 million to $7 million, due to additional sales-based commission being capitalized
                                          and amortized throughout 2021 and 2022;
                                         A decrease in income from product and program fees of $2 million to $7 million, primarily due to the decrease in
                                          average assets under management of 3.0%. The average product and program fee rate for the twelve-month period
                                          was .9 basis points of average assets under management, compared with .0 basis points in 2021, reflecting price
                                          reductions in certain funds and changes in product mix;
                                         A decrease in other financial planning revenues of $23 million to $11 million, due to lower earnings from mortgage
                                          banking operations;
                                         A decrease in income from advisory fees of $1 million to $1,10 million, primarily due to the decrease in average assets
                                          under advisement of 0.%, and a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the twelve-month
                                          period was 102. basis points of average assets under advisement, compared with 103.2 basis points in 2021, primarily
                                          reflecting changes in client and product mix;
                                         An increase in operations and support expenses of $7 million to $2 million, which includes costs that support wealth
                                          management and other general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and
                                          operations, as well as other functional business units and corporate expenses; and
                                         A decrease in redemption fees of $ million to $ million.
                                     Partially offset by:
                                         A decrease in sub-advisory expenses of $ million to $19 million, primarily due to lower assets under management; and
                                         A decrease in income taxes of $31 million to $10 million.




                                         A 40                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 40                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               Net earnings decreased by $39 million to $10 million in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, compared with
               the corresponding quarter in 2021. The decrease in net earnings is mainly related to a decrease in net earnings of IG Wealth
               Management of $37 million, primarily due to:
                     A decrease in income from product and program fees of $23 million to $21 million, primarily due to the decrease in
                      average assets under management of 9.%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month period




                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                      was .9 basis points of average assets under management, compared with .3 basis points in 2021, reflecting price
                      reductions in certain funds and changes in product mix;
                     A decrease in income from advisory fees of $1 million to $23 million, primarily due to the decrease in average assets

                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
                      under advisement of .%, partially offset by an increase in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the
                      three-month period was 102. basis points of average assets under advisement, compared with 101. basis points in
                      2021, primarily reflecting changes in client and product mix;
                     A decrease in other financial planning revenues of $9 million to $32 million, primarily due to the same reasons
                      explained in the twelve-month period above; and
                     An increase in operations and support expenses of $ million to $109 million.
                 Partially offset by:
                     A decrease in sub-advisory expenses of $ million to $2 million, primarily due to lower assets under management;
                     A decrease in advisory and business development expenses of $3 million to $217 million in the three-month period.
                      Asset-based compensation decreased by $2 million to $10 million, primarily due to rate increases and decreased
                      average assets under advisement, offset by an increase in sales-based compensation of $ million to $20 million,
                      primarily due to the same reasons explained in the twelve-month period above. Other advisory and business
                      development expenses decreased by $ million to $7 million in the three-month period, primarily due to decreases
                      in other advisor program expenses and distribution of insurance products; and
                     A decrease in income taxes of $13 million to $3 million.

               ASSET MANAGEMENT
               The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s mutual funds, Wealth Management segment and
               third parties for investment management services.

               Net earnings decreased by $2 million to $213 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, compared
               with the corresponding period in 2021, primarily due to:
                     A decrease in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses,
                      of $21 million to $70 million, mainly due to a decrease in net asset management fees – third party of $1 million, due
                      to a 2.% decrease in average assets under management. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was .2 basis
                      points for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, consistent with 2021. Management fees – Wealth
                      Management decreased by $3 million to $112 million, due to a 2.2% decrease in average assets under management.
                      Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 1.7 basis points for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, consistent
                      with 2021; and
                     An increase in expenses of $12 million to $3 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and support expenses
                      of $23 million in the twelve-month period. Operations and support expenses includes costs associated with business
                      operations, including technology and business processes, in-house investment management and product shelf
                      management, corporate management and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
                      technology and other service provider expenses. The increase in operations and support expenses was partially offset by
                      a decrease in advisory and business development expenses of $9 million and sub-advisory expenses of $2 million.
                      Advisory and business development expenses primarily include wholesale distribution activities which vary directly
                      with assets or sales levels. The decrease in the twelve-month period was attributed to lower wholesale commissions
                      consistent with the decline in net investment fund net sales.
                     Partially offset by a decrease in income taxes of $ million to $7 million.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A 41




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 41                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Net earnings decreased by $1 million to $1 million in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, compared with
                                    the corresponding quarter in 2021, primarily due to:
                                            A decrease in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses,
                                             of $22 million to $1 million, mainly due to a decrease in net asset management fees – third party of $19 million, due
                                             to an 11.1% decrease in average assets under management offset by an increase in the net asset management fee rate.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                             Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was .1 basis points for the three months ended December 31, 2022,
                                             compared with . basis points in 2021. The increase in rate was mainly driven by lower selling commissions.
                                             Management fees – Wealth Management decreased by $3 million to $27 million. The decrease in management fees
                                             was primarily due to an .% decrease in average assets under management. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was
 PART A
                                             1.7 basis points for the three months ended December 31, 2022, compared with 1. basis points in 2021.
                                      Partially offset by:
                                            An increase in net investment income and other of $ million to $ million. Net investment income and other
                                             primarily includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally
                                             made in the process of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe;
                                            A decrease in expenses of $1 million to $113 million, primarily due to a decrease in advisory and business development
                                             expenses of $3 million and sub-advisory expenses of $1 million in the three-month period, partially offset by an increase
                                             in operations and support expenses of $3 million; and
                                            A decrease in income taxes of $2 million to $19 million.

                                    ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT
                                    Assets under advisement (AUA) are a key performance indicator for the Wealth Management segment.

                                    Assets under management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and a secondary driver of revenues
                                    and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities. Refer to the
                                    section “Other Measures” for a definition of AUM and AUA.

                                    Total assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                December ,           September ,                 December ,   September ,
                                    (In billions of dollars)                                                                                                                   

                                    Wealth Management
                                      Assets under management                                                          .                    .                      6.          .
                                      Other assets under advisement                                                      6.5                     .                      6.4            .4
                                      Assets under advisement                                                          4.4                    .                      5.6          45.5
                                    Asset Management
                                      Assets under management excluding sub-advisory
                                        to Wealth Management                                                           .                    8.                      .          4.
                                      Sub-advisory to Wealth Management                                                  .5                     .8                      8.            .
                                      Assets under management                                                          86.6                    8.5                      .          .
                                    Consolidated []
                                      Assets under management                                                          .                    8.                      45.          6.
                                      Other assets under advisement      []
                                                                                                                         .4                     .4                      .8            .
                                    Total assets under management and advisement []                                   4.4                    8.                      .          65.

                                    [] Represents the consolidated assets under management and advisement of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a
                                        component part of assets under advisement. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or
                                        distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client
                                        savings held at IGM operating companies.
                                    [] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.




                                           A 42                                                                       P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 42                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                           
               (In billions of dollars)                                                              Q4     Q      Q      Q        Q4         Q      Q      Q


               Wealth Management




                                                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                 Assets under advisement                                                        .     .8   4.   48.    4.       46.5   4.   4.
                 Assets under management                                                        .     .   6.   .    5.       .   8.5   4.

               Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
                 Assets under management excluding sub-advisory
                    to Wealth Management                                                        .6     .4   8.5   5.    6.8       5.   .   .
                 Total assets under management                                                  86.     8.   5.5   5.5    .       4.   6.6   8.

               Consolidated []
                 Assets under management                                                        6.5     .   5.   8.4    4.       8.   .8   .6
                 Assets under management and advisement []                                     4.8     4.   55.   6.5    .       6.4   55.4   4.
               [] Represents the consolidated assets under management and advisement of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment
                   management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM reporting such that there is no double
                   counting of the same client savings held at IGM operating companies.

               [] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.


               ADJUSTMENTS
               Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.

               There were no Adjustments reported by IGM in 2022.

               Adjustments in 2021 were a positive earnings impact of $ million after tax ($11 million pre-tax) recorded in the fourth quarter
               and consisted of additional consideration receivable related to the sale of IGM’s equity interest in Personal Capital in 2020,
               which was subsequently received. The Corporation has eliminated the amount of additional consideration receivable
               recognized by IGM related to the sale of its equity interest in Personal Capital on consolidation.

               The information above has been derived from IGM’s Annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for more information on IGM’s
               annual results. IGM’s most recent Annual MD&A is available under its profile on SEDAR (www.sedar.com).




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         A 43




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 43                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    GBL

                                    Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                         Twelve months ended                                          Three months ended
                                                                                                               December ,          December ,     December ,           September ,    December ,




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    (in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                               

                                    Contribution to Power Corporation’s net earnings []:
                                        As reported by GBL                                                               ()                 6                 (4)                (6)              ()
                                        Effect of consolidation []                                                      8                                                     (4)            (4)

 PART A
                                      Net earnings (loss)                                                                 (5)                                  48                 (5)            ()

                                    [] In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, Power Financial’s average indirect ownership in GBL was 1.% (1.2% in the corresponding period in 2021).
                                    [] The Corporation has not adopted IFRS 9. The contribution to the Corporation includes an adjustment to account for GBL under IAS 39 as described below.




                                    Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL (in accordance with IFRS 9)
                                                                                                                         Twelve months ended                                          Three months ended
                                                                                                                 December ,        December ,      December ,          September ,    December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                    

                                    Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated
                                      operating companies of:
                                          Imerys                                                                                                             4                                 
                                          Webhelp                                                                          6                  4                                                   
                                          Canyon                                                                                            (5)                   ()                5             ()
                                          Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                                                            ()                               4
                                          Sanoptis                                                                         ()                   −                  (6)              (5)               −
                                          Affidea                                                                          ()                   −                                  ()               −
                                          GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                       ()              6                         −                            8
                                                                                                                          5                86                                                    55
                                    Net dividends from investments:
                                          SGS                                                                                             4                         −               −               −
                                          Pernod Ricard                                                                    8                  6                  5                    −             5
                                          adidas                                                                                             5                        −               −               −
                                          Umicore                                                                                                                    −                              −
                                          Holcim                                                                           8                  65                        −               −               −
                                          MOWI                                                                                               6                                      4               5
                                          GEA                                                                                                                        −               −               −
                                          Other []                                                                                                                   −                              −
                                                                                                                                          6                   54                  5              4
                                    Interest income (expenses)                                                             (4)               ()                   ()                ()             (5)
                                    Other financial income (expenses)                                                    (66)               (64)                 ()              ()            (56)
                                    Other operating income (expenses)                                                    ()               ()                 (5)               (8)            (54)
                                    Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and
                                      reversals of non-current assets                                                      (8)              5                   (5)                4               
                                    Taxes                                                                                      ()                                                     −              
                                    Net earnings (loss)   [, ]
                                                                                                                         (585)                                ()               (4)            ()

                                    [] In 2021, mainly consists of a reimbursement of withholding taxes received and to be received from the French tax authorities relating to dividends received
                                        from TotalEnergies in 200 and 2019.
                                    [] Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
                                    [] Attributable to GBL shareholders.




                                            A 44                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 44                                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                                    vs.                                                                Q4  vs. Q4  and Q 

               Net earnings (loss)
               A net loss of € million, compared with net earnings of                                    A net loss of €112 million, compared with a net loss of €12 million
               €279 million in the corresponding period in 2021.                                            in the corresponding period in 2021, and a net loss of €13 million
                                                                                                            in the third quarter of 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                                            POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               IAS 39 adjustments to the contribution of GBL
               On January 1, 201, GBL adopted IFRS 9, Financial Instruments. The majority of its investments in public entities are classified

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
               as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), an elective classification for equity instruments in which all fair
               value changes remain permanently in OCI.
               The investments in alternative funds (previously referred to as private equity and other investment funds) and direct private
               equity co-investments are classified as fair value through profit or loss (FVPL). The transition requirements of IFRS 9 required
               that all unrealized gains and losses at January 1, 201 on investments previously classified as available for sale remain
               permanently in equity. Starting January 1, 201, subsequent changes in fair value are recorded in earnings.
               Power Corporation has deferred the adoption of IFRS 9 and continues to apply IAS 39 at December 31, 2022. The following
               table presents adjustments to the contribution of GBL to Power Corporation’s earnings in accordance with IAS 39:
                                                                                                                 Twelve months ended                             Three months ended
                                                                                                         December ,    December ,   December ,   September ,    December ,
               (in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                              

               Partial disposal of interest in Pernod Ricard []                                                  6                −            6                −                 −
               Partial disposal of interest in MOWI        []
                                                                                                                                  −              −               −                 −
               Partial disposal of interest in Holcim [3]                                                           −                           −               −                 −
               Partial disposal of interest in Umicore []                                                          −                            −               −                 −
               Partial disposal of interest in GEA []                                                              −                            −               −                 4
               Impairment charges on listed investments []                                                        ()           ()              −              (4)              ()
               Impairment charges on alternative funds and direct private
                 equity co-investments [7]                                                                      ()               −              −             ()                −
               Disposal of alternative funds and other []                                                        8                                                             
               Reversal of unrealized (gains) losses on alternative
                 funds and other [9]                                                                            5              (5)                                            ()
               Total                                                                                            8                                         (4)              (4)
               [] During the fourth quarter of 2022, a portion of the investment in Pernod Ricard was disposed of, resulting in a gain. The gain was not reflected in GBL’s earnings
                   as the investment is classified as FVOCI. Power Corporation’s share was $7 million and included a recovery from the reversal of a previous impairment.
               [] During the second and fourth quarters of 2022, a portion of the investment in MOWI was disposed of, resulting in a net gain. The gain was not reflected in
                   GBL’s earnings as the investment is classified as FVOCI. Power Corporation’s share was $22 million recognized in the second quarter.
               [] During the first and second quarters of 2021, a portion of the investment in Holcim was disposed of, resulting in a recovery from the reversal of previous
                   impairments. The recovery was not reflected in GBL’s earnings as the investment is classified as FVOCI. Power Corporation’s share was $3 million in the first
                   quarter and $7 million in the second quarter.
               [4] During the second quarter of 2021, a portion of the investment in Umicore was disposed of, resulting in a gain. The gain was not reflected in GBL’s earnings as
                   the investment is classified as FVOCI. Power Corporation’s share was $33 million.
               [5] During the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021, a portion of the investment in GEA was disposed of, resulting in a recovery from the reversal of previous
                   impairments. The recovery was not reflected in GBL’s earnings as the investment is classified as FVOCI. Power Corporation’s share was $9 million in the second
                   quarter and $ million in each of the third and fourth quarters.
               [6] Under IFRS 9, GBL classifies the majority of its investments in public entities as FVOCI, and as a result impairment charges are not recognized in earnings.
                   Power Corporation recognized impairment charges on the following investments:
                        Ontex – The investment in Ontex has been previously impaired, resulting in an adjusted cost of €.99 per share. During the first and third quarters of
                         2022, the share price decreased to €.3 and €.2, respectively, resulting in an impairment charge. The Corporation’s share was $1 million in the first
                         quarter and $ million in the third quarter. During the first and fourth quarters of 2021, the Corporation recorded its share of an impairment charge of
                         $ million and $7 million, respectively.
                        Other investments – During the second quarter of 2022, Power Corporation recorded its share of impairment charges on other investments of
                         $2 million. During the fourth quarter of 2021, Power Corporation’s share of impairment charges on other investments was $1 million.
               [] GBL classifies investments in alternative funds and direct private equity co-investments at FVPL in accordance with IFRS 9, and recognizes unrealized changes
                   in fair value in earnings. Power Corporation continues to classify these investments as available for sale in accordance with IAS 39. During the second and third
                   quarters of 2022, the value of certain private equity investments, primarily in GBL’s digital portfolio, was reduced below their cost resulting in impairment
                   charges. The Corporation’s share of the impairment charges was $ million and $23 million, respectively, in the second and third quarters of 2022.
               [8] During the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2022, investments held through alternative funds and other investments, classified as FVPL in accordance
                   with IFRS 9, were disposed of, resulting in realized gains. Power Corporation’s share of the realized gains in accordance with IAS 39 was $11 million in the first
                   quarter, $22 million in the second quarter, $2 million in the third quarter, and $3 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 ($7 million in the first quarter, $ million
                   in the second quarter, $11 million in the third quarter and $3 million in the fourth quarter of 2021).
               [] GBL classifies investments in alternative funds at FVPL in accordance with IFRS 9, and recognizes unrealized changes in fair value in earnings. Power
                   Corporation does not recognize these unrealized fair value changes in earnings as it continues to classify these investments as available for sale in accordance
                   with IAS 39.




                                                        P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A 45




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 45                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    GBL’s earnings includes dividends from its non-consolidated publicly listed investments, which are usually declared as
                                    follows:

                                           Holcim (second quarter)                                                Pernod Ricard (second and fourth quarters)

                                           SGS (first quarter)                                                    GEA (second quarter)




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           adidas (second quarter)                                                MOWI (quarterly)

                                           Umicore (second and third quarters)




 PART A
                                    RESULTS
                                    For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, the net loss was € million, compared with net earnings of
                                    €279 million in the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in the net loss was mainly due to:
                                              An increase in other financial expenses of €2 million to €1 million in the twelve-month period ended
                                               December 31, 2022, compared with financial expenses of €1 million in the same period in 2021. Other financial
                                               expenses in the twelve-month period of 2022 includes a gain of €9 million on marking to market derivatives on
                                               convertible and exchangeable bonds issued by GBL, offset by a negative impact of €2 million related to the increase
                                               in the liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders, including the effect of discounting. As well, GBL recognized a net
                                               decrease in the fair value of GBL Capital’s alternative funds and direct private equity co-investments not consolidated
                                               or accounted for using the equity method of €7 million. In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021, GBL
                                               recognized a negative impact of €293 million related to the increase in the liability to Webhelp’s minority
                                               shareholders, and a loss on marking to market derivatives on convertible and exchangeable bonds of €10 million,
                                               partially offset by an increase in fair value of €2 million for GBL Capital’s alternative investments and direct co-
                                               investments in private equity not consolidated or accounted for using the equity method;
                                              A decrease in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL
                                               Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €12 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €12 million, compared
                                               with a positive contribution of €11 million for the twelve-month period of 2021;
                                              A negative contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                               €7 million, compared with a positive contribution of €12 million in the corresponding period in 2021. In the twelve-
                                               month period ended December 31, 2022, GBL recognized an impairment on an investment held by GBL Capital of
                                               €103 million, partially offset by a net gain recognized on the sale of one investment held by GBL Capital. As well, in
                                               the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, GBL recognized an impairment of €1 million on the goodwill of
                                               Sienna Real Estate, one of Sienna Investment Managers’ strategies. In the twelve-month period ended December 31,
                                               2021, GBL recognized net gains on the sale of two investments held by GBL Capital;
                                              A decrease in dividends of €1 million to €322 million, mainly due to a decrease in dividends received from Holcim
                                               and other dividends of €37 million and €3 million, respectively. The decrease in the dividend received from Holcim
                                               is due to a decrease in the interest held by GBL. In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021, other dividends
                                               primarily included €37 million related to the reimbursement of withholding taxes received from the French tax
                                               authorities relating to dividends received from TotalEnergies in 200 and 2019. These items are partially offset by
                                               increases in dividends received from Pernod Ricard of €20 million and SGS of € million;
                                              A negative contribution from Sanoptis and Affidea to GBL’s earnings of €21 million and €30 million, respectively, both
                                               acquired during the third quarter of 2022, mainly related to costs incurred in the context of the acquisitions;
                                              A decrease in GBL’s share in the net result of Webhelp of €1 million to a contribution to GBL of €2 million;
                                              A decrease in the contribution from Piolin II S.à.r.l. to GBL’s earnings of €12 million to a contribution to GBL of €1 million,
                                               compared with a contribution of €13 million for the twelve-month period of 2021; and
                                              A decrease in the contribution from Imerys of €2 million to a contribution to GBL’s earnings of €130 million. The
                                               contribution to GBL’s earnings includes a goodwill impairment charge related to the divestiture of assets serving the
                                               paper market announced during the third quarter of 2022.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                              A decrease in other operating expenses of €39 million to €273 million. The increase in liabilities recorded for
                                               Webhelp’s employee incentive plan was €19 million in the period, including the effect of discounting and vesting,
                                               compared with an increase in liabilities of €213 million in the corresponding period in 2021; and
                                              An increase of €2 million in the contribution from Canyon to earnings to a contribution to GBL of €11 million. Canyon
                                               was acquired in the first quarter of 2021 and GBL recognized related transaction costs in 2021.




                                             A 46                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 46                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               For the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, the net loss was €112 million, compared with a net loss of €12 million
               in the corresponding quarter in 2021. The increase in the net loss was mainly due to:
                     An increase in other financial expenses of €3 million to €99 million in the three-month period ended December 31,
                      2022, compared with financial expenses of € million in the same period in 2021. Other financial expenses in the
                      fourth quarter of 2022 include a loss of €32 million on marking to market derivatives on convertible and exchangeable




                                                                                                                                                                             POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                      bonds issued by GBL and a negative impact of €9 million related to the increase in the liability to Webhelp’s minority
                      shareholders, including the effect of discounting, compared with a positive impact of €3 million in the corresponding
                      quarter in 2021. As well, in the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, GBL recognized a net decrease in the
                      fair value of GBL Capital’s alternative funds and direct private equity co-investments not consolidated or accounted
                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
                      for using the equity method of €9 million, compared with an increase in fair value of €1 million in the corresponding
                      quarter in 2021;
                     A decrease in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL
                      Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €3 million to a contribution to GBL's earnings of nil, compared with a
                      contribution of €3 million for the three-month period of 2021;
                     A decrease in the contribution from Piolin II S.à.r.l. to GBL’s earnings of €2 million to a negative contribution to GBL
                      of €22 million, compared with a contribution of € million for the three-month period of 2021;
                     A negative contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                      €1 million, compared with a positive contribution of €7 million in the corresponding quarter in 2021, mainly due to
                      an impairment charge recognized on the goodwill of Sienna Real Estate. In the three-month period ended
                      December 31, 2021, GBL recognized a net gain on the sale of one investment held by GBL Capital;
                     A negative contribution from Sanoptis, acquired during the third quarter of 2022, to GBL’s earnings of € million; and
                     An increase in other operating expenses of €3 million to €7 million. The increase in liabilities recorded for Webhelp’s
                      employee incentive plan was €22 million in the quarter, including the effect of discounting and vesting, compared
                      with an increase in liabilities of €32 million in the corresponding quarter in 2021.
                 Partially offset by:
                     An increase in the contribution from Imerys to GBL’s earnings of €11 million to a contribution to GBL of €2 million,
                      compared with a contribution of €13 million for the corresponding quarter in 2021;
                     An increase of €10 million in the contribution from Canyon to earnings to a negative contribution to GBL of €3 million;
                     An increase in dividends of €1 million to € million, mainly due to an increase in dividends received from Pernod
                      Ricard; and
                     A positive contribution from Affidea, acquired during the third quarter of 2022, to GBL’s earnings of €7 million.

               AVERAGE EXCHANGE RATES
               The average exchange rates for the twelve-month and three-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
                                                                                                      Twelve months ended                            Three months ended
                                                                         December ,         December ,                   December ,   December ,
                                                                                                        Change %                              Change %

               Euro/CAD                                                           .             .48            (.6)         .86          .44            (.8)


               The information above has been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued by GBL in its 2022
               year-end press release. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.be).




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           A 47




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 47                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    SAGARD AND POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                    Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which includes income earned from asset
                                    management and investing activities. Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a non-IFRS financial
                                    measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees less investment
                                    platform expenses. Asset management activities also includes carried interest and income from other management




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    activities. Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the
                                    investment funds managed by each platform and the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
                                    held within the investment platforms.

                                    Refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms” for details and discussion related to the assets under
 PART A
                                    management and fee-bearing capital of Sagard and Power Sustainable.

                                    Income earned from investing activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
                                    and primarily related to the timing of realizations.

                                    Contribution to Power Corporation
                                    Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:
                                                                                                                      Twelve months ended                                           Three months ended
                                                                                                            December ,      December ,         December ,           September ,    December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                 

                                    Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                      Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                        Asset management activities
                                          Sagard                                                                       (68)                                   ()                 ()            8
                                          Power Sustainable []                                                        (5)                ()                                     ()           ()
                                        Investing activities (proprietary capital)
                                          Sagard                                                                       6                                    ()                 (5)            
                                          Power Sustainable     []
                                                                                                                     (8)                5                 (6)                (8)            ()
                                                                                                                     (65)                46                 (8)                (45)             
                                      Adjustments
                                        Sagard                                                                           −               ()                        −               −               −
                                        Power Sustainable                                                              ()                (5)                       −               −            (5)
                                      Net earnings (loss)                                                            (5)                                 (8)                (45)             4

                                    [] In the second quarter of 2022, the presentation of Power Sustainable’s asset management activities was modified to separate certain activities provided by
                                        Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP from its management activities. As well, an allocation of certain expenses is included in the Corporation's other
                                        investing activities. The comparative information has been restated to reflect these changes.




                                          A 48                                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 48                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               ASSET MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
               Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                               Twelve months ended                               Three months ended
                                                                                                       December ,    December ,    December ,    September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                             




                                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Sagard
                 Management fees []                                                                          58                            45               6              
                 Investment platform expenses                                                                 (6)           (6)            (5)             ()            ()


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
                 Fee-related earnings []                                                                        (4)             (6)             (5)             ()              ()
                 Net carried interest [, 4]                                                                   (6)             6               (6)             ()             4
                 Other []                                                                                       (5)             ()             ()             ()              ()
                                                                                                               ()             8             ()              ()             
                 Loss from private wealth platform and
                   other asset management activities [5]                                                         ()             (5)             ()             ()              ()
                 Non-controlling interests     [6]
                                                                                                                               (4)                                             −
                                                                                                               (68)                          ()              ()             8
               Power Sustainable
                 Management fees []                                                                                          6                               5               5
                 Investment platform expenses                                                                  (6)            (5)            ()             (4)            ()
                 Fee-related earnings []                                                                      (4)            (5)            ()              ()            (4)
                 Net performance fees and carried interest           [, ]
                                                                                                                               4                                             
                 Other [, 8]                                                                                    (4)             4               (4)             ()               −
                                                                                                               (5)            ()                             ()            ()
               Net earnings (loss)                                                                             (8)             45               ()            ()             

               [] Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital and management of standalone businesses. Management fees paid
                   by the Corporation are deducted from income from investing activities.
               [] Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS
                   Financial Measures” for a description and reconciliation. The comparative amounts have been restated in accordance with this presentation.

               [] Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of employee costs which are recognized over the vesting period. Carried interest is recognized
                   based on changes in fair value of investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a
                   significant reversal will not occur with respect to unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in
                   investing activities.
               [4] The first and second quarters of 2022 include a reversal of net carried interest of $13 million and $2 million, respectively, mainly due to decreases in the fair
                   value of Wealthsimple and investments held in Portage Ventures II in the periods. The third quarter of 2021 included the effect of the deconsolidation of
                   Sagard Credit Partners I, including the reversal of carried interest recognized over the life of the fund.
               [5] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities.
               [6] Non-controlling interests include equity interests held in SHMI by Lifeco and management of Sagard.

               [] The fourth quarter of 2022 includes net carried interest of $17 million as a result of the increase in the net asset value of PSEIP, and a reversal of performance
                   fee payable due to a decline in value of investments within Power Sustainable China.
               [8] Other includes development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP.




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A 49




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 49                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    INVESTING ACTIVITIES
                                    Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                             Twelve months ended                                          Three months ended
                                                                                                                   December ,       December ,        December ,           September ,    December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                        




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                    Sagard
                                      Private equity and other strategies []                                                  6                                       (4)                             (4)


 PART A
                                      Venture capital (fintech investments)        []
                                                                                                                              ()                  ()                    ()              (6)            6
                                    Power Sustainable
                                      Public equity []                                                                      (8)                                 (55)                (4)              
                                      Energy infrastructure
                                       Losses before changes in non-controlling interests liabilities [4]                     ()                ()                (45)                               ()
                                       Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities [5]                               ()                  (5)               (6)                  (6)             (4)
                                                                                                                             (8)               8                (6)                 ()             
                                    Adjustments
                                     Remeasurements of Wealthsimple’s put right liability                                         −             ()                       −                −               −
                                     Impairment charges on direct investments in
                                       energy infrastructure                                                                  ()                (5)                      −                −            (5)
                                    Net earnings (loss)                                                                      ()               66                (6)                 ()              ()

                                    [] The third quarter of 2021 includes a realized gain of $ million recognized by the Corporation on disposal of its interest in Sagard MidCap III.
                                    [] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple. The first and second quarters of 2022 include a reversal of carried interest payable of
                                        $13 million and $2 million, respectively, mainly due to decreases in the fair value of Wealthsimple and investments held in Portage Ventures II in the periods.
                                        The first quarter of 2021 included a charge of $2 million related to the Corporation’s share of the carried interest payable due to increases in fair value of
                                        investments held in the Portage Ventures Funds and Wealthsimple; as well, it excluded a charge of $100 million related to the remeasurement of the put
                                        right liability held by certain of the non-controlling interests in Wealthsimple to fair value which has been included in Adjustments (see the section
                                        “Adjustments” below). The net decrease in fair value of the Corporation’s investments, including its investments held through Power Financial, in Portage
                                        Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III, Koho and Wealthsimple was $30 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022,
                                        compared with an increase of $0 million in fair value in the corresponding period in 2021.
                                    [] Mainly comprised of gains (losses) realized on the disposal of investments and dividends received. In the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2022, the
                                        Corporation realized a loss of $ million, $70 million, $22 million and $ million, respectively, on the disposal of investments in Power Sustainable China and
                                        $1 million in impairments recognized in 2022, of which $13 million was recorded in the first quarter due to declines in Chinese equity markets (realized gains
                                        of $229 million, $ million, $1 million and $10 million in the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2021, respectively).
                                    [4] The fourth quarter of 2022 includes the Corporation’s share of carried interest expense of $19 million, which results from an increase in fair value of assets held
                                        in PSEIP and operating losses mainly related to seasonality. In the year ended December 31, 2022, these losses were partially offset by a gain on disposal of a
                                        portfolio of solar assets of $20 million, of which $17 million was recognized in the second quarter, and unrealized gains on derivative contracts hedging energy
                                        infrastructure projects of $ million, of which $10 million was recognized in the fourth quarter. The operating losses in the fourth quarter of 2021 were mainly
                                        attributable to lower insolation, seasonality, and snow losses, as well as charges associated with the replacement of certain solar panels with higher generating
                                        capacity. The first quarter of 2022 and the fourth quarter of 2021 exclude a charge of $10 million and $1 million, respectively, due to impairments on direct
                                        investments in energy infrastructure assets, recorded as an Adjustment (see the section “Adjustments” below).
                                    [5] The fourth quarter of 2022 includes a charge of $3 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which
                                        mainly results from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP. The NAV of PSEIP was $1,03 million at December 31 2022, compared with $0 million
                                        at September 30, 2022. The Corporation controls and consolidates the activities of PSEIP on a historical cost basis; however, equity interests held by third
                                        parties have redemption features and are classified as a financial liability which are remeasured at their redemption value.


                                    Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
                                    SAGARD
                                    On May 3, 2021, Wealthsimple announced that it had signed a $70 million equity offering. As a result, in the first quarter of
                                    2021, the fair value increase in Wealthsimple resulted in a charge related to the remeasurement of the put right liability of
                                    certain of the non-controlling interests in Wealthsimple to fair value. The Adjustments of the alternative asset investment
                                    platform (Sagard) reflected the Corporation’s share of the charge, based on its respective interest, of $100 million
                                    ($100 million pre-tax). At the close of the transaction, the existing put rights held by non-controlling interests and option
                                    holders of Wealthsimple were extinguished.

                                    POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                    For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, Power Sustainable recognized an impairment of $10 million in the
                                    first quarter on projects under construction which are included in direct investments in energy infrastructure within the
                                    Power Sustainable platform, compared with an impairment of $1 million on projects under construction recognized in the
                                    fourth quarter of 2021.




                                           A 50                                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 50                                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               C HINA AMC
               For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, income from ChinaAMC was $7 million, compared with
               $2 million in the corresponding period in 2021.

               For the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, income from ChinaAMC was $1 million, compared with $17 million




                                                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               in the corresponding quarter in 2021.

               OTHER INVESTMENTS AND STANDALONE BUSINESSES
               Other investments and standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s investments in investment and hedge funds and

                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
               the share of earnings (losses) of standalone businesses.

               Income earned from other investments is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including and primarily related
               to realizations.

               Summary of other investments and standalone businesses:
                                                                                                        Twelve months ended                                   Three months ended
                                                                                                 December ,   December ,    December ,      September ,     December ,
                                                                                                                                                          

               Other investments
                 Investment and hedge funds                                                                                             5                  −             6
                 Other   []
                                                                                                          5              ()                5                              (6)
               Standalone businesses []                                                                 (68)           5              ()                               
               Net earnings (loss)                                                                       ()           5                (8)               4              

               [] Consists mainly of foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents. The second quarter of 2022 includes a gain on disposal of a
                   property by the Corporation of $7 million.
               [] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Lion, LMPG, Peak, and GP Strategies (up to the date of disposal in the fourth quarter of 2021).



               For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, the net loss from other investments and standalone businesses was
               $20 million, compared with net earnings of $29 million in the corresponding period in 2021. Standalone businesses had a
               net loss of $ million, compared with net earnings of $22 million in the corresponding period in 2021. The decrease in net
               earnings of the standalone businesses of $293 million was mainly due to:
                      A non-cash impairment charge of $109 million after tax ($12 million pre-tax) recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022,
                       reflecting a decline in the market value of Lion at December 31, 2022;
                      A decrease in the contribution related to the Corporation’s investment in Lion of $211 million in 2022. In 2021, the
                       contribution related to the Corporation’s investment in Lion included a net gain of $13 million recognized in the
                       second quarter which was comprised of i) a gain of $2 million related to the effect of the change in ownership as a
                       result of the completion of the merger transaction between Lion and Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp.; ii) a gain of
                       $17 million related to the revaluation of call rights held by Power Sustainable, a portion of which were exercised
                       during the second quarter of 2021; and iii) an expense of $ million related to the increase in amounts payable for
                       long-term incentive plans and deferred taxes; and
                      A reversal of a previously recognized impairment on its investment in GP Strategies of $33 million recorded in the
                       second quarter of 2021.
                      Partially offset by a recovery due to a decrease in amounts payable for long-term incentive plans, net of related taxes.

               For the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, the net loss from other investments and standalone businesses was
               $2 million, compared with net earnings of $22 million in the corresponding quarter in 2021. Standalone businesses had a
               net loss of $102 million, compared with net earnings of $12 million in the corresponding quarter in 2021. The decrease in net
               earnings of $11 million was mainly due to the non-cash impairment charge on the Corporation’s investment in Lion as
               explained in the twelve-month period above.




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A 51




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 51                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    CORPORATE OPERATIONS (OF THE HOLDING COMPANY)
                                    Corporate operations include operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation and income taxes.

                                    Operating and other expenses
                                    Summary of corporate operating and other expenses of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                               Twelve months ended                                         Three months ended
                                                                                                                     December ,      December ,         December ,         September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                       

                                     Operating expenses []                                                                                    45                                                 6

 PART A
                                     Financing charges []                                                                      55                  54                  4                 4             4
                                     Depreciation                                                                                 6                   8                                                  ()
                                     Income taxes                                                                                 4                 6                                                   ()
                                                                                                                              84                                    4                 5             4

                                    [] During the second quarter of 2022, the Corporation attached tandem share appreciation rights to certain options, which were reclassified as cash-settled
                                        share-based payments. The Corporation has entered into a total return swap agreement to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled
                                        share-based payments and related liability. The year ended December 31, 2022 includes a net gain of $20 million, of which a gain of $17 million was recorded
                                        in the second quarter of 2022, arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the loss on the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instrument.
                                    [] Financing charges related to Power Financial were $1 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, same as in 2021.



                                    INCOME TAXES
                                    For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, income tax expense was $ million, compared with $2 million in
                                    the corresponding period in 2021. The twelve-month period of 2021 included i) an income tax expense of $2 million,
                                    primarily related to the deferred tax expense resulting from the realization of gains recorded in earnings on the sale of
                                    investments (of which $3 million was a reclassification of the income tax previously recorded in other comprehensive
                                    income at December 31, 2020); partially offset by ii) an income tax recovery of $1 million primarily related to the recognition
                                    of tax attributes to offset the realized gain on the secondary sale of Wealthsimple (the realized gain and the related income
                                    tax expense were recognized through the statement of changes in equity).

                                    For the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, income tax expense was $1 million, compared with an income tax
                                    recovery of $2 million in the corresponding quarter in 2021.




                                           A 52                                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 52                                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

               The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:
                                                                                                               Twelve months ended                               Three months ended
                                                                                                       December ,    December ,    December ,    September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                             




                                                                                                                                                                                           POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Lifeco []
                 Actuarial assumption changes and
                  other management actions                                                                      86                                           45                6


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
                 Market-related impacts on liabilities                                                         ()             6              5              ()               
                 Transaction costs related to acquisitions                                                     ()           (6)              (4)             4               (4)
                 Restructuring and integration charges                                                         (8)            (44)            ()             ()              ()
                 Tax legislative changes impact                                                                 56             (4)             56                 −                 −
                 Net gain (loss) on business dispositions                                                         −              ()              −                −                ()
                                                                                                                  −            (8)             8                 −              ()
                 Effect of consolidation []                                                                      −              ()              −                −                
                                                                                                                  −            (8)             8                 −              (8)
               IGM []
                 Net gain on business dispositions                                                                −              5                −                −                5
                 Effect of consolidation     []
                                                                                                                 8            ()                               −                ()
                                                                                                                 8             (6)                               −                
               Sagard and Power Sustainable
                 Remeasurements of Wealthsimple’s put right liability                                             −           ()               −                −                 −
                 Impairment charges on direct investments in
                   energy infrastructure                                                                       ()            (5)               −                −              (5)
                                                                                                               ()           (5)               −                −              (5)
               Corporate operations
                 Reorganization charges                                                                           −            ()               −                −                 −
                                                                                                                 ()          ()                              −              (5)

               [] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
               [] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments
                   under common control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM, which includes an allocation of the Adjustments related to the fintech portfolio based
                   on their respective interest; iii) IGM’s share of Lifeco’s Adjustments, in accordance with the Corporation’s definition of Adjusted net earnings; and iv) adjustments
                   in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM.


               Effect of consolidation
               The Effect of consolidation in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021 mainly related to the remeasurements of
               the put right liability of certain of the non-controlling interests in Wealthsimple to fair value.
                        On May 3, 2021, Wealthsimple announced that it had signed a $70 million equity offering. As a result, in the first
                         quarter of 2021, the fair value increase in Wealthsimple resulted in a charge related to the remeasurement of the put
                         right liability to fair value. The Corporation’s share of the charge on the remeasurement of the put right liability was
                         $20 million ($20 million pre-tax) and is included as an Adjustment. The charge has been reflected in the
                         Adjustments of the alternative asset investment platforms, Lifeco and IGM, based on their respective interest in the
                         Effect of consolidation, of $100 million, $11 million and $97 million, respectively. At the close of the transaction, the
                         existing put rights held by non-controlling interests and option holders of Wealthsimple were extinguished.

               Corporate operations
               During the third quarter of 2021, the Corporation recognized charges of $13 million in conjunction with the reorganization
               of the Corporation and Power Financial completed in February 2020, related to the impairment of certain assets of the
               Corporation.

               For additional information on each of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable, refer to their respective “Adjustments”
               sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A 53




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 53                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Financial Position

                                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
                                    The condensed balance sheets of Lifeco, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Power Financial, as well as the alternative asset investment platforms and other, are presented below. These tables reconcile
                                    the holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheets of the Corporation at December 31, 2022
                                    and 2021, which are included in Note 33 of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.


 PART A
                                                                                                                                                                                      December , 
                                                                                                                                                      Alternative Asset                            Power
                                                                                                                                                            Investment                        Corporation
                                                                                                                                         Holding         Platforms and          Effect of    Consolidated
                                                                                                        Lifeco             IGM          company                 Other []   consolidation   balance sheet
                                    Assets
                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                          ,            ,              ,                   4             (85)          ,848
                                    Investments                                                     ,6             5,                 4                ,6              5        ,6
                                    Investments in publicly traded operating
                                       companies, investment platforms and other:
                                        Lifeco and IGM                                                   5            ,5            ,                        −        (,8)               −
                                        GBL [2]                                                              −                −            ,4                       −               −          ,4
                                        Other                                                                           56             ,54                       −         (,44)               −
                                    Investments in jointly controlled
                                      corporations and associates                                                    ,                 8                ,4               (4)         ,
                                    Funds held by ceding insurers                                     5,86                  −                   −                    −               −        5,86
                                    Reinsurance assets                                                5,8                  −                   −                    −               −        5,8
                                    Other assets                                                      8,            5,65                                 4,664             (8)        ,
                                    Intangible assets [3]                                              6,            ,64                                     5               ()         8,5
                                    Goodwill [3]                                                      ,64            ,8                     −                5              6         4,6
                                    Investments on account of
                                       segregated fund policyholders                                8,8                   −                   −                    −               −       8,8
                                    Total assets                                                    ,455            8,8            8,5                  ,6          (5,5)       ,65
                                    Liabilities
                                    Insurance and investment
                                       contract liabilities                                         4,68                   −                   −                    −               −       4,68
                                    Obligations to securitization entities                                   −          4,6                     −                    −               −          4,6
                                    Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                      other debt instruments                                                 −                −               64                      −               −            64
                                    Non-recourse debentures and
                                      other debt instruments []                                      ,5            ,                 5                ,56               (88)       4,
                                    Other liabilities                                                 ,            5,                 8                4,66             ()        ,6
                                    Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                       of segregated fund policyholders                             8,8                   −                   −                    −               −       8,8
                                    Total liabilities                                               66,            ,6              ,884                 6,             (45)       68,548
                                    Equity
                                    Limited recourse capital notes                                     ,5                  −                   −                    −         (,5)               −
                                    Perpetual preferred shares                                               −                −            ,8                       −         (,8)               −
                                    Non-participating shares                                           ,                  −               5                      −         (,)            5
                                    Participating shareholders’ equity                                4,            6,6            ,                  ,85          (,88)        ,
                                    Non-controlling interests [, ]                                   ,8                6                    −                45          6,          ,8
                                    Total equity                                                      ,8            6,6            6,85                  ,          (4,6)        44,
                                    Total liabilities and equity                                    ,455            8,8            8,5                  ,6          (5,5)       ,65
                                    [] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                    [] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in
                                        Note 33 of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                    [] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                    [4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                    [5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                    [6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM and controlled and consolidated
                                        investments.




                                          A 54                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 54                                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                                                                                                                                                December , 
                                                                                                                                Alternative Asset                            Power
                                                                                                                                      Investment                        Corporation
                                                                                                                     Holding       Platforms and          Effect of    Consolidated
                                                                                        Lifeco            IGM       company               Other []   consolidation   balance sheet
               Assets




                                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Cash and cash equivalents                                               6,5            ,         ,65                  5             (5)          ,5
               Investments                                                         8,88              5,488           6               ,6                8        6,65
               Investments in publicly traded operating
                  companies, investment platforms and other:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
                   Lifeco and IGM                                                        66            ,       8,                       −        (,)                −
                   GBL [2]                                                                   −              −         4,8                      −               −          4,8
                   Other                                                                 6            ,6         ,8                      −         (4,5)                −
               Investments in jointly controlled
                 corporations and associates                                             5            ,8           66               ,                (44)         ,46
               Funds held by ceding insurers                                         ,4                 −               −                    −               −        ,4
               Reinsurance assets                                                    ,8                 −               −                    −               −        ,8
               Other assets                                                          4,8             ,4           4               ,85              ()        ,
               Intangible assets [3]                                                   5,54            ,5                               68               (4)         ,6
               Goodwill [3]                                                            ,8            ,8               −                4              6         ,68
               Investments on account of
                  segregated fund policyholders                                    5,4                  −               −                    −               −       5,4
               Total assets                                                        6,488             ,66       ,56                ,           (4,6)       66,6

               Liabilities
              Insurance and investment
                 contract liabilities                                              ,8                  −               −                    −               −       ,8
               Obligations to securitization entities                                        −          5,58               −                    −               −          5,58
               Power Corporation’s debentures and
                 other debt instruments                                                      −              −           64                      −               −            64
               Non-recourse debentures and
                 other debt instruments []                                            8,84            ,           5               ,46                (88)       ,5
               Other liabilities                                                     ,4             4,         ,               ,854              (48)        ,45
               Insurance and investment contracts on account
                  of segregated fund policyholders                                 5,4                  −               −                    −               −       5,4
               Total liabilities                                                   6,5             ,6         ,8               5,              (568)       6,5
               Equity
               Limited recourse capital notes                                          ,5                −               −                    −         (,5)                −
               Perpetual preferred shares                                                    −              −         ,8                      −         (,8)                −
               Non-participating shares                                                ,                −           54                      −         (,)            54
               Participating shareholders’ equity                                    ,6             6,45       ,85                ,           (,86)        ,85
               Non-controlling interests [, ]                                        ,6              5                −                8          5,4          ,8
               Total equity                                                          ,48             6,5       ,6                ,68           (4,)        4,8
               Total liabilities and equity                                        6,488             ,66       ,56                ,           (4,6)       66,6

               [] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
               [] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 33
                   of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.
               [] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
               [4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
               [5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.

               [6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM and controlled and consolidated investments.




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   A 55




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 55                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Total assets of the Corporation increased to $733.7 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with $1. billion at
                                    December 31, 2021, primarily due to Lifeco’s acquisition of Prudential during the second quarter of 2022, as well as the
                                    impact of currency movement due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, partially offset by the impacts of lower equity
                                    market levels, higher interest rates and the impact of currency movements due to the weakening of the British pound and
                                    the euro. The acquisition of the full-service retirement business of Prudential added $119 billion in total assets as at




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    December 31, 2022.
                                    Liabilities increased to $9. billion at December 31, 2022, compared with $17.9 billion at December 31, 2021, mainly due
                                    to the following, as disclosed by Lifeco:


 PART A
                                         Insurance and investment contract liabilities increased by $2.9 billion. The increase was primarily due to $.2 billion
                                          acquired through the Prudential acquisition, the impacts of new business, and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar,
                                          partially offset by fair value adjustments.

                                         Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $30. billion, primarily
                                          due to an increase of $77.7 billion related to the acquisition of Prudential, the impact of currency movement of
                                          $9. billion and non-controlling mutual funds interest of $3.3 billion. The increase was partially offset by the combined
                                          impact of net investment income and market value losses of $3.7 billion and net withdrawals (net of policyholder
                                          deposits) of $.2 billion.

                                    Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                         A 56                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 56                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
               In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
               basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying
               changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
               investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-




                                                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               participating shares.
                                                                                                                                        December ,           December ,
                                                                                                                                                                 

               Holding company assets

                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
               Cash and cash equivalents []                                                                                                    ,                  ,65
               Investment in:
                 Lifeco                                                                                                                        6,646                5,46
                 IGM                                                                                                                            ,685                  ,44
                 GBL   []
                                                                                                                                                ,4                  4,8
                 Alternative asset investment platforms []                                                                                     ,848                  ,
                 ChinaAMC                                                                                                                         8                    66
                 Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                      8                    8
               Other assets   []
                                                                                                                                                                      4
               Total holding company assets                                                                                                    8,5                ,56

               Holding company liabilities
               Debentures and other debt instruments []                                                                                          8                    8
               Other liabilities                                                                                                                  8                  ,
               Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                ,884                  ,8
               Holding company equity
               Perpetual preferred shares [6]                                                                                                   ,8                  ,8
               Non-participating shares                                                                                                           5                    54
               Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                              ,                ,85
               Total holding company equity                                                                                                    6,85                ,6
               Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                    8,5                ,56

               [] Cash equivalents include $3 million ($0 million at December 31, 2021) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance
                   with IFRS, these are classified as investments in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
               [] Indirectly held through Parjointco.

               [] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
               [4] Includes $3 million of dividends declared in the fourth quarter by IGM (same as at December 31, 2021) and received by Power Financial on January 31, 2023.
               [5] Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $20 million at December 31, 2022 (same as at December 31, 2021).
               [6] Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.



               Cash and cash equivalents
               Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $1,277 million at December 31, 2022,
               compared with $1,3 million at the end of December 2021 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
               details).

               The cash and cash equivalents held by Sagard and Power Sustainable including Power Sustainable China amounted to
               $19 million at December 31, 2022 ($1 million at December 31, 2021) and are included in the carrying amount of the
               investment platforms.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                A 57




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 57                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Investments

                                    I N V E S T M E N T S I N L I F E C O , I G M A N D G B L (AT EQUITY)
                                    The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity
                                    method for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and
                                    GBL, accounted for using the equity method, increased to $23, million at December 31, 2022, compared with




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    $23,20 million at December 31, 2021:

                                                                                                                               Lifeco                    IGM                GBL []            Total

                                    Carrying value, at the beginning of the year                                            5,46                    ,44                4,8            ,8

 PART A                                 Contribution from adjusted net earnings (loss)                                        ,                     56                   (5)           ,64
                                        Contribution from adjustments                                                               −                       8                      −              8
                                        Share of other comprehensive income (loss) []                                          56                       58                ()             (65)
                                        Dividends                                                                            (,6)                    ()                 (84)           (,6)
                                        Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                                        (8)                 64               6
                                    Carrying value, at December ,                                                     6,646                    ,685                ,4            ,645

                                    [] Indirectly held through Parjointco.
                                    [] GBL’s share of other comprehensive income (loss) includes $919 million of unrealized losses on available-for-sale investments and $1 million of unrealized
                                        losses on foreign currency translation.


                                    ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS
                                    The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
                                    asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms are
                                    presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
                                    Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                                                    December ,       December ,
                                    Carrying value, as at                                                                                                                                

                                    Asset management companies
                                      Sagard                                                                                                                                 6                6
                                      Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                       
                                    Investing activities
                                      Sagard []                                                                                                                            654                6
                                      Power Sustainable                                                                                                                   ,              ,68
                                                                                                                                                                          ,848              ,

                                    [] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.




                                           A 58                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 58                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               INVESTMENT IN CHINAAMC
               The carrying value of Power Corporation’s investment in ChinaAMC was $73 million at December 31, 2022, compared with
               $7 million at December 31, 2021.

               Carrying value, at the beginning of the year                                                                                                             66




                                                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                  Dividends                                                                                                                                              ()
                  Share of net earnings                                                                                                                                   5
                  Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                               ()
               Carrying value, at December ,                                                                                                                      8

                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
               ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥1,722 billion
               (C$33 billion) at December 31, 2022, compared with RMB¥1,2 billion (C$331 billion) at December 31, 2021. Subsequent to
               year-end, the Corporation sold its 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC to IGM. Refer to the section “ChinaAMC” in the section “2022
               Highlights”.

               OTHER INVESTMENTS AND STANDALONE BUSINESSES
               The table below presents the components of other investments and standalone businesses; certain controlled standalone
               businesses are presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.

               Other investments and standalone businesses are comprised of the following:
                                                                                                                                           December ,       December ,
               Carrying value, as at                                                                                                                            

               Other investments []                                                                                                                                 6
               Standalone businesses                                                                                                                 68                5
                                                                                                                                                     8                8

               [] Includes portfolio investments in private investment funds and a select number of hedge funds. These investments are classified as available for sale and are
                   carried at fair value. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to make future capital contributions to these funds for an
                   aggregate amount of $39 million.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A 59




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 59                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    EQUITY

                                    Non-participating shares
                                    Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of five series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate stated
                                    capital of $90 million at December 31, 2022 ($9 million at December 31, 2021), all of which are non-cumulative. All series




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    are perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option from specified
                                    dates.
                                    On January 1, 2022, the Corporation redeemed all ,100 of its outstanding cumulative redeemable First Preferred Shares
                                    19 Series for $0.00 per share.

 PART A                             The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 1 of the Corporation’s 2022
                                    Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                    Participating shareholders’ equity
                                    Participating shareholders’ equity was $23,071 million at December 31, 2022, compared with $23,3 million at December 31, 2021:
                                    Twelve months ended December                                                                                                                        

                                    Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                                   ,85                ,5
                                    Changes in participating shares
                                      Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                 (6)                   (6)
                                      Issuance of subordinate voting shares (1,3,03 shares in 2022 and 3,3,7 shares in 2021)
                                        under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                                               5                  
                                                                                                                                                                         ()                  46
                                    Changes in retained earnings
                                      Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                         ,65                 ,6
                                      Dividends declared                                                                                                               (,8)               (,5)
                                      Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB and other                                                        (46)                  ()
                                      Reclassification of options as cash-settled share-based payments            []
                                                                                                                                                                          (54)                    −
                                      Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other []                                                                              54
                                                                                                                                                                         6                  ,56
                                    Changes in reserves
                                      Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                         Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                        4                   (86)
                                         Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                     (4)                 (48)
                                         Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                               45                   45
                                         Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                    (885)                    
                                      Share-based compensation, including the effect of subsidiaries                                                                      (8)                 
                                                                                                                                                                         (4)                  (68)
                                    Participating shareholders’ equity, at December                                                                                  ,                ,85

                                    [] During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation attached tandem share appreciation rights to 13,21,0 options and reclassified the
                                        options as cash-settled share-based payments. See Note 19 to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
                                    [] Includes the effect of the change in ownership of Wealthsimple recognized in the participating shareholders’ equity in the second quarter of 2021.




                                    The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $3. at December 31,
                                    2022, compared with $3. at the end of 2021.




                                          A 60                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 60                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               Outstanding number of participating shares
               At the date of this MD&A, there were 4,860,866 participating preferred shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as at
               December 31, 2021), and 611,476,233 subordinate voting shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with 621,76,088
               at December 31, 2021.




                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,41,737 subordinate voting shares
               of the Corporation, which includes 10,900,781 subordinate voting shares issuable pursuant to Replacement Options, under
               the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan.



                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
               Normal Course Issuer Bids
               The Corporation’s Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) that commenced on February 2, 2021 expired on February 24, 2022. The
               Corporation purchased 703,700 Subordinate Voting Shares pursuant to this bid in the first quarter of 2022, for a total of
               $29 million (4,068,900 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $13 million in 2021).
               The Corporation commenced a new NCIB on February 28, 2022, which was effective until the earlier of February 27, 2023
               and the date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares.
               Pursuant to this bid, the Corporation was authorized to purchase up to 30 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares
               outstanding (representing approximately .3% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 14,
               2022) at market prices. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had repurchased 10,1,700 Subordinate Voting Shares for a
               total of $386 million. The Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased
               for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value of stated capital was $246 million ($92 million in 2021) and
               was recognized as a reduction to retained earnings.

               SUBSEQUENT EVENT
               On March 1, 2023, the Corporation commenced a NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 29, 2024 and the date
               on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to this
               bid, the Corporation may purchase up to 30 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
               approximately .4% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 22, 2023) at market prices. At
               March 16, 2023, the Corporation has repurchased 87,400 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $31 million.
               The Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) with a designated broker to allow for the
               purchase of Subordinate Voting Shares under the NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted
               to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined blackout
               periods, purchases under the Corporation’s NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been
               effective since March 1, 2023, the commencement date of the NCIB.



               Adjusted Net Asset Value

               Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
               participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
               the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
               determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted
               to fair value as follows:
                     Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on
                      the reporting date;
                     Investments in private entities are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using consistently applied
                      valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations are prepared by
                      external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are generally used to
                      corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any management
                      incentives;
                     Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or
                      other incentives.

               The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset
               value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a
               reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A 61




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 61                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
                                    sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
                                    (Lifeco, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a non-
                                    IFRS ratio, was $1.91 at December 31, 2022, compared with $2.0 at December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 20.3%.
                                    The Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $3. at December 31,




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    2022, comparable with $3. at December 31, 2021.

                                                                                                                                December ,                                      December , 
                                                                                                        Holding                                                 Holding
                                                                                                       company            Fair value     Adjusted net          company          Fair value    Adjusted net


 PART A
                                                                                                   balance sheet        adjustment        asset value      balance sheet      adjustment       asset value

                                    Holding company assets
                                    Investments
                                      Power Financial
                                        Lifeco                                                           6,646              ,68            ,44              5,46           8,4           ,545
                                        IGM                                                                ,685             ,              5,5               ,44          ,5             6,4
                                        GBL []                                                            ,4              (6)             ,88               4,8         (,)            ,5
                                      Alternative asset investment platforms
                                        Asset management companies []
                                           Sagard                                                              6                  −                6                6                −             6
                                           Power Sustainable                                                                     −                                                 −              
                                        Investing activities
                                           Sagard []                                                        654               6                                 6            6             ,
                                           Power Sustainable                                               ,               44              ,445               ,68            65             ,6
                                     ChinaAMC                                                                8               6              ,5                 66            84             ,5
                                     Other investments and standalone businesses
                                        Other investments                                                                     55               4                 6              5              
                                        Standalone businesses []                                            68               5                8                 5            66             ,
                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                              ,                   −            ,               ,65                −           ,65
                                    Other assets                                                                                −                               4                −             4
                                    Total holding company assets                                         8,5              4,            ,664              ,56         ,4            4,
                                    Holding company liabilities and
                                      non-participating shares
                                    Debentures and other debt instruments                                    8                   −              8                 8                −             8
                                    Other liabilities   [5, 6]                                               8                              ,4               ,                          ,
                                    Non-participating shares and
                                      perpetual preferred shares                                           ,8                   −            ,8               ,84                −           ,84
                                    Total holding company liabilities and
                                      non-participating shares                                             5,664                              5,               5,                          5,8
                                    Net value
                                    Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
                                      Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                ,              4,8            ,6              ,85         ,            5,58

                                    Per share                                                              4.58                                4.               4.56                            5.6
                                    [] The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3. billion (€2. billion) at December 31, 2022 ($.7 billion (€3.3 billion) at December 31, 2021).
                                    [] The management companies of the investment funds are presented at their carrying value and are primarily composed of cash and net carried interest receivable.
                                    [] Includes the Corporation’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, held by Power Financial.
                                    [] An additional deferred tax liability of $13 million has been included in the adjusted net asset value at December 31, 2022 ($0 million at December 31, 2021)
                                        with respect to the investments in standalone businesses at fair value, without taking into account possible tax planning strategies. The Corporation has tax
                                        attributes (not otherwise recognized on the balance sheet) that could be available to minimize the tax if the Corporation were to dispose of its interests held
                                        in the standalone businesses.
                                    [5] In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in
                                        subsidiaries and jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
                                        that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled
                                        corporation, income taxes payable on such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use
                                        of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with
                                        the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.
                                    [6] At December 31, 2022, an additional deferred tax liability of $37 million ($39 million at December 31, 2021) has been included in the adjusted net asset value
                                        related to the investment in ChinaAMC at fair value.

                                    Investments measured at market value and cash represent .7% of the total assets at fair value at December 31, 2022
                                    (9.7% at December 31, 2021). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
                                    the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $2,37 million or $.2 per share.




                                           A 62                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 62                                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Cash Flows

               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
               The condensed cash flows of Lifeco, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial




                                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               on a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
               reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
               Corporation for the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which are included in Note 33 of the 2022
               Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.

               Twelve months ended December                                                                                                                                                         PART A
                                                                                                                         Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                               Investment                            Power
                                                                                                               Holding      Platforms and          Effect of    Corporation
                                                                                  Lifeco               IGM    company              Other []   consolidation   Consolidated

               Cash flows from:
                 Operating activities                                            ,4                8       ,4                  (4)         (,)         ,5
                 Financing activities                                              (6)            (,)    (,8)             ,46             ,5           (48)
                 Investing activities                                           (5,4)               5          6              (,)                       (6,48)
               Effect of changes in exchange rates
                 on cash and cash equivalents                                      8                   −           −                  4              ()          8
               Increase (decrease) in cash and
                 cash equivalents                                                ,5               ()       (58)               (66)              ()          
               Cash and cash equivalents, at the
                beginning of the year                                            6,5              ,       ,65                 5             (5)         ,5

               Cash and cash equivalents, at December                          ,              ,       ,                 4             (85)         ,848

               [] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.



               Twelve months ended December                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                         Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                               Investment                            Power
                                                                                                               Holding      Platforms and          Effect of    Corporation
                                                                                 Lifeco               IGM     company              Other []   consolidation   Consolidated

               Cash flows from:
                 Operating activities                                          ,                 4       ,                (4)          (,4)        ,5
                 Financing activities                                             ()             (,5)    (,5)                68            ,45           (6)
                 Investing activities                                         (,)              ,        66                 ()            (88)       (,5)
               Effect of changes in exchange rates
                 on cash and cash equivalents                                       (4)                 −          −                    (4)                          (4)
               Increase (decrease) in cash and
                 cash equivalents                                               (,8)               5        4                  4                         (5)
               Cash and cash equivalents, at the
                beginning of the year                                           ,46                        ,6                 545             (44)        ,4

               Cash and cash equivalents, at December                         6,5               ,       ,65                 5             (5)         ,5

               [] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.


               Consolidated cash and cash equivalents increased by $339 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022,
               compared with a decrease of $31 million in the corresponding period in 2021.

               Operating activities produced a net inflow of $7,02 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, compared
               with a net inflow of $11,03 million in the corresponding period in 2021.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A 63




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 63                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
                                    repurchase of participating and preferred shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and
                                    redeemable units by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation, and
                                    dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization
                                    entities by IGM, represented a net outflow of $9 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, compared




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    with a net outflow of $92 million in the corresponding period in 2021.

                                    Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of $,9 million in the twelve-month period ended
                                    December 31, 2022, compared with a net outflow of $10,79 million in the corresponding period in 2021.

 PART A
                                    Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                    HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                    As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
                                    from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income
                                    taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.

                                    The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial, present the cash flows of the
                                    holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of
                                    the holding company.

                                    Twelve months ended December                                                                                                           

                                    Operating activities of the holding company
                                    Dividends
                                      Lifeco                                                                                                                          ,6     ,
                                      IGM                                                                                                                                      
                                      GBL                                                                                                                                84        8
                                      ChinaAMC                                                                                                                                   
                                    Corporate operations, net of non-cash items []                                                                                    ()     (48)
                                                                                                                                                                      ,4     ,
                                    Financing activities of the holding company
                                    Dividends paid on:
                                      Non-participating shares                                                                                                           (5)      (5)
                                      Participating shares                                                                                                            (,)   (,)
                                      Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                       (4)     ()
                                    Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                4        6
                                    Issuance of perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                 −      
                                    Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                            (45)     (5)
                                    Repurchase of non-participating shares                                                                                                (4)       ()
                                    Repurchase of perpetual preferred shares                                                                                               −     ()
                                    Changes in other debt instruments                                                                                                      −     (6)
                                    Other                                                                                                                                 ()       ()
                                                                                                                                                                      (,8)   (,5)
                                    Investing activities of the holding company
                                    Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments                                                                             86     ,65
                                    Purchase of investments                                                                                                            (65)     (5)
                                    Other []                                                                                                                                      6
                                                                                                                                                                         6       66
                                    Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   (58)      4
                                    Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                           ,65     ,6
                                    Cash and cash equivalents, at December                                                                                          ,     ,65

                                    [] Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
                                    [] Includes proceeds received from the sale of a property by the Corporation.




                                            A 64                                                                       P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 64                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial decreased by $3 million in the twelve-month period
               ended December 31, 2022, compared with an increase of $09 million in the corresponding period in 2021.

               Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $1,73 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022,
               compared with a net inflow of $1,312 million in the corresponding period in 2021. Dividends received from the publicly traded




                                                                                                                                                                             POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               operating companies include:

               Twelve months ended                                                                                December ,                  December , 
                                                                                                      Dividend         Total dividend   Dividend         Total dividend
               (in millions of Canadian dollars; except as otherwise noted)                           per share              received   per share              received


                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
                 Lifeco                                                                                  .6                 ,6       .84                 ,

                 IGM                                                                                     .5                           .5                   


                    Total dividend received from Parjointco was $ million (€2 million) for the period ended December 31, 2022,
                     compared with $1 million (€ million) for the period ended December 31, 2021.

                    On February , 2023, subsequent to year-end, Lifeco announced a .1% increase in the quarterly dividend on its
                     common shares, from $0.90 per share to $0.20 per share, payable on March 31, 2023.

               The Corporation’s financing activities during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 resulted in a net outflow of
               $1,91 million, compared with a net outflow of $1,72 million in the corresponding period in 2021, and included:
                      Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $1,33 million, compared with
                       $1,23 million in the corresponding period in 2021. In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, dividends
                       paid on the Corporation’s participating shares were $1.90 per share, compared with $1.790 per share in the
                       corresponding period in 2021.
                      Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $13 million, compared with $137 million in the
                       corresponding period in 2021.
                      Issuance of subordinate voting shares of the Corporation for $7 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
                       Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of
                       $9 million in the corresponding period in 2021.
                      No issuance of perpetual preferred shares by Power Financial, compared with issuance for an amount of $200 million
                       in the corresponding period in 2021.
                      No repurchase of perpetual preferred shares by Power Financial, compared with repurchase for an amount of
                       $200 million in the corresponding period in 2021.
                      Repurchase of subordinate voting shares of $1 million, as part of the NCIB, in the twelve-month period ended
                       December 31, 2022, compared with repurchase for an amount of $13 million in the corresponding period in 2021.
                      Repurchase of non-participating shares of $ million, compared with repurchase for an amount of $2 million in the
                       corresponding period in 2021.
                      No change in other debt instruments, compared with a decrease of $10 million in the corresponding period in 2021.
               The Corporation’s investing activities during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 resulted in a net inflow of
               $0 million, compared with a net inflow of $9 million in the corresponding period in 2021.

               Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the
               Corporation and in its investment platforms.

               The Corporation decreased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
               inflow of $122 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, compared with a net inflow of $ million in
               the corresponding period in 2021.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                        A 65




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 65                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Capital Management

                                    As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                         provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                          and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                         maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of
                                          permanent capital;
 PART A                                  maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                         maintain available cash and cash equivalents at or above a minimum of two times fixed charges.

                                    The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order
                                    to maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return
                                    capital to shareholders or issue capital.

                                    The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                    responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                    Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                    repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                    subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                    management.

                                    With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
                                    term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
                                    participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
                                    effective source of permanent capital.

                                    The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
                                    other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
                                    Financial, Lifeco, IGM and controlled investments are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation does not guarantee
                                    debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 7% of consolidated capitalization at
                                    December 31, 2022.




                                         A 66                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 66                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                                                                                                                            December ,         December ,
                                                                                                                                                                   

               Debentures and other debt instruments
               Power Corporation                                                                                                                      64                  64
               Power Financial                                                                                                                        5                  5




                                                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Lifeco                                                                                                                             ,5                 8,84
               IGM                                                                                                                                  ,                ,
               Other    []
                                                                                                                                                    ,56                ,46

                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
               Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                 (88)                 (88)
                                                                                                                                                  4,               ,5
                                                                                                                                                  5,4               ,8
               Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
               Power Corporation                                                                                                                      5                  54
               Power Financial                                                                                                                      ,8                ,8
               Lifeco                                                                                                                               4,                4,
                                                                                                                                                    ,5                ,5
                                                                                                                                                    8,                8,4
               Equity
               Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                 ,               ,85
               Non-controlling interests []                                                                                                      ,               ,
                                                                                                                                                  6,               5,4
                                                                                                                                                  5,46               56,8

               [] Includes other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments and standalone businesses; consists of $113 million ($72 million in 2021) of debt
                   under revolving credit facilities held by the investment funds and other debt held by controlled investees, $1,73 million ($1,301 million in 2021) of project-
                   related debt held within the Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform, and $0 million ($9 million in 2021) of other debt held by standalone
                   businesses. The other debt instruments are secured by the assets of the controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. See Note 1B to
                   the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
               [] Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Lifeco’s preferred shares and limited recourse
                   capital notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.


               Power Corporation
                  The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 1, 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of
                   2 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, subordinate voting shares, subscription
                   receipts and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the
                   flexibility to access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.

                        On January 1, 2022, the Corporation redeemed all ,100 of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred
                         Shares, 19 Series for $0.00 per share.

               SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
                        The Corporation commenced a NCIB on March 1, 2023 which is effective until the earlier of February 29, 202 and the
                         date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of subordinate voting shares. Refer
                         to the section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

               Power Financial
                  Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated December , 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of
                   2 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and
                   unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access
                   debt and equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A 67




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 67                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Lifeco
                                        On March 30, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of Lifeco, established a 2-year US$00 million non-revolving
                                         credit facility with interest on the drawn balance equal to a float rate based on the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight
                                         Financing Rate (SOFR). The facility is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Lifeco. The $ million (US$00 million)
                                         facility was fully drawn, along with $1 million (US$323 million) from an existing revolving credit facility of Lifeco to




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         finance a portion of the Prudential retirement services business acquisition, on the acquisition date. On July 1, 2022,
                                         Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC made an initial payment of US$10 million on its existing revolving credit facility, followed
                                         by a final payment of US$173 million on December 30, 2022. As at December 31, 2022, Lifeco’s $7 million
                                         (US$00 million) facility remained fully drawn, and its existing revolving credit facility balance was nil.

 PART A                                  On November 1, 2022, Lifeco issued €00 million senior .70% euro bonds maturing on November 1, 2029. The
                                          bonds are admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and are listed for trading on the Global Exchange Market of
                                          Euronext Dublin. Net proceeds of the transaction will be used by Lifeco for general corporate purposes.
                                          Lifeco currently expects to redeem the €00 million senior 2.0% euro bond at maturity on April 1, 2023.

                                    The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Lifeco and certain of its
                                    main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
                                    requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.
                                    See Note 21 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

                                    RATINGS
                                    The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Dominion Bond
                                    Rating Service’s (DBRS) current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.

                                    Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
                                    corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
                                    accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
                                    have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
                                    hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
                                    specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
                                    securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.

                                    The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
                                    A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
                                    economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
                                    commitment on the obligation is still strong.

                                    The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by DBRS is the sixth highest of the 2 ratings used for long-term
                                    debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit quality than
                                    AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.

                                    The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. DBRS’ current rating on Power
                                    Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.

                                    Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                         A 68                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 68                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Risk Management

               Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North
               America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment




                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               businesses including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds
               a controlling interest in Lifeco and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling
               interest in GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating
               companies. A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors

                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
               of Lifeco, IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees of
               the boards of directors of Lifeco and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation are
               members of these boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role
               as directors, they participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further
               describe risks related to Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

               RISK OVERSIGHT
               The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
               oversight of its investments. The Board of Directors and executive officers of the Corporation have overall oversight and
               responsibility for risk management associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and
               maintain a comprehensive and appropriate set of policies and controls.
               The Board of Directors provides oversight and carries out its risk management mandate and addresses operational risks
               primarily through the following committees:
                     The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting and cybersecurity.
                     The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and
                      practices.
                     The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
                      risks related to governance matters.
                     The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related
                      parties of the Corporation.
               There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
               including the following risks and others discussed elsewhere in this MD&A, which investors should carefully consider before
               investing in securities of the Corporation. The following is a review of certain risks that could impact the financial condition
               and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the Corporation. This description of risks does not include all
               possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation is not currently aware.
              The following section discusses the risks specific to the Corporation including the liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk of
              the Corporation including Power Financial and the alternative asset investment platforms. Refer to Parts B and C of this
              MD&A for a specific discussion of the management of risk at Lifeco and IGM.

              STRATEGIC RISK
              Strategic risk arises as a result of ineffective strategic decision making, inadequate strategies or a lack of responsiveness to
              important changes to the business environment, including macroeconomic or country risk events, or changes to the
              regulatory environment. In addition, strategic risk includes risks associated with the Corporation’s holding company
              structure and potential future acquisitions.
              The successful execution of the Corporation’s investment strategy is uncertain as it requires suitable opportunities, careful
              timing and business judgment. The Corporation’s approach consists in overseeing, through the Board of Directors, its
              operating businesses and investments with a view to generate long-term, sustainable growth in earnings and dividends. The
              Corporation aims to act like an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
               The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for developing the Corporation’s proposed strategic plans, in light of emerging
               opportunities and risks and with a view to the Corporation’s sustained profitable growth and long-term value creation, and
               for implementing the approved strategic plans. The Board of Directors is responsible for approving the long-term goals and
               objectives for the Corporation, and, after considering alternatives, approving the strategic plans developed by the Chief
               Executive Officer. The Board of Directors also monitors senior management’s implementation of the approved plans;
               assesses the achievement of the Corporation’s goals and objectives; reviews and approves on at least an annual basis
               management’s financial plan; and reviews and approves any significant transactions and strategic capital management
               decisions regarding the Corporation.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                       A 69




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 69                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    LIQUIDITY RISK
                                    Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due or not
                                    be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
                                    As a holding company, Power Corporation’s ability to meet its obligations, including payment of interest, other operating
                                    expenses and dividends, and to complete current or desirable future enhancement opportunities or acquisitions generally




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    depends upon dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries, investment platforms and other investments, and its
                                    ability to raise additional capital. Dividends to shareholders of Power Corporation is at the discretion of its Board of Directors
                                    and is dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and creditworthiness of its subsidiaries,

 PART A
                                    jointly controlled corporations and associates, as well as on their ability to pay dividends. The payment of interest and
                                    dividends by the Corporation’s principal subsidiaries is subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance
                                    laws and regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. The requirements imposed by the
                                    regulators in any jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiary to
                                    pay dividends.
                                    The Corporation makes certain investments through its investment platforms in the securities of private companies and
                                    illiquid securities. These investments may offer relatively high potential returns, but may also be subject to a relatively higher
                                    degree of risk. From time to time, it may be in the best interests of the Corporation to exit these investments. However,
                                    securities of private companies and illiquid securities may not have a ready market and the Corporation may be unable to
                                    sell such securities at acceptable prices on a timely basis or at all. Illiquidity may limit the Corporation’s ability to realize a
                                    return or to vary components of its investment portfolio promptly in response to changing conditions. In some cases, the
                                    Corporation may also be restricted by contract or by applicable laws from selling such securities for a period of time. The
                                    valuation of private companies is inherently difficult because there is a certain level of uncertainty in the assumptions used
                                    to determine the fair value of these investments.
                                    The Corporation and Power Financial regularly review their liquidity requirements and seek to maintain a sufficient level of
                                    liquidity to meet their operating expenses, financing charges and payment of preferred share dividends for a reasonable
                                    period of time, as defined in their policies. The ability of Power Corporation, including through Power Financial, to arrange
                                    additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing market conditions as well as the business performance
                                    of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. Although the Corporation has been able to access capital on financial markets in the
                                    past, there can be no assurance this will be possible in the future. The inability of Power Corporation to access sufficient
                                    capital on acceptable terms could have a material adverse effect on Power Corporation’s business, prospects, dividend
                                    paying capability and financial condition, and further enhancement opportunities or acquisitions.
                                    The Corporation held $1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities and amounts held by Power
                                    Financial, at December 31, 2022. Liquidity is also available through the Corporation’s lines of credit with Canadian banks. The
                                    Corporation has a committed line of credit of $00 million. The Corporation also maintains an uncommitted line of credit
                                    of $100 million, and any advances are at the bank’s sole discretion. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation was not
                                    utilizing its committed line of credit or uncommitted line of credit.
                                    The investment platforms including the controlled and consolidated investments have committed lines of credit of
                                    $0 million with Canadian and U.S. banks ($21 million was undrawn at December 31, 2022).
                                    Principal repayments on debentures and other debt instruments, and pension funding (other than those of Lifeco and IGM)
                                    represent the only significant contractual liquidity requirements. The debt instruments of Power Financial as well as those
                                    held by the investment platforms, including the controlled and consolidated investments, are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                    Contractual maturities of certain liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                                                             Payments due by period
                                                                                                                   Less than                                  After
                                    December ,                                                                    year            –5 years          5 years    Total

                                    Deposits and certificates                                                         ,644                       −              −    ,644
                                    Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                               −                     −           65      65
                                    Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                  45                  68            ,5     ,8
                                    Future lease payments                                                                                  5                    4
                                    Pension contributions                                                                 8                      −              −      8
                                                                                                                      ,                              ,     4,4

                                    Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
                                    liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.
                                    Power Corporation’s management of liquidity risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2021.



                                         A 70                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 70                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               CREDIT RISK AND MARKET RISK
               In order to maintain an appropriate level of available liquidity, the Corporation maintains a portfolio of financial instruments
               which can be a combination of cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity
               securities, investment funds and hedge funds) and derivatives. The Corporation also holds, through Power Financial and its
               investment platforms, shares of private and publicly traded companies and other loans. Those investments bear credit and




                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               market risks as described in the following sections.

               Credit risk
               Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation if a counterparty in a transaction fails to meet its payment

                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
               obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit spreads on tradable fixed
               income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivatives products.

               Power Corporation and Power Financial manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to an investment
               policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum ratings and
               concentration limits.

               Fixed income securities, which are included in investments and in cash and cash equivalents, consist primarily of bonds,
               bankers’ acceptances and highly liquid temporary deposits with Canadian chartered banks and banks in jurisdictions where
               Power Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms operate as well as bonds and short-term securities of, or
               guaranteed by, the Canadian or U.S. governments. The Corporation and Power Financial regularly review the credit ratings
               of their counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is their carrying value.

              Derivatives can be also used mainly to mitigate exposure to foreign exchange and market risk related to certain stock-based
              compensation arrangements. Power Corporation and Power Financial regularly review the credit ratings of derivative
              financial instrument counterparties. Derivative contracts are over-the-counter with counterparties that are highly rated
              financial institutions.

              The financial instruments held by the investment platforms include other loans and are subject to credit risk. The investment
              platforms regularly review the credit ratings of their counterparties and the maximum exposure to credit risk on these
              financial instruments is their carrying value.

              The Corporation’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities
              and derivatives have not changed materially since December 31, 2021.

              Market risk
              Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of an investment will fluctuate as a result of changes in
              market factors. Market factors include foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and equity risk.

               Foreign Exchange Risk
               Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms operating in different
               currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at different foreign exchange
               levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.

               In its ongoing operations, the Corporation may hold cash balances denominated in foreign currencies and thus be exposed
               to fluctuations in exchange rates. In order to protect against such fluctuations, Power Corporation and Power Financial may
               from time to time enter into currency-hedging transactions with highly rated financial institutions. At December 31, 2022,
               approximately 17% of the $1,277 million of Power Corporation and Power Financial’s cash and cash equivalents and fixed
               income securities were denominated in foreign currencies, consisting of $179 million in U.S. dollars, $3 million in euros and
               $3 million in Swiss francs. At December 31, 2022, approximately 7% (73% at December 31, 2021) of Power Corporation,
               Power Financial and investment platforms’ cash and cash equivalents and fixed income securities were denominated in
               Canadian dollars.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                     A 71




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 71                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and through its investment platforms are either classified as
                                    available for sale or at fair value through profit or loss. These investments are diversified among the U.S. dollar, the euro, the
                                    Chinese renminbi and the Hong Kong dollar which contributes to reducing the concentration of foreign exchange risk.
                                    Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as AFS resulting from foreign exchange rate variations are recorded in
                                    other comprehensive income until realized. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL resulting from




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    foreign exchange rate variations are recorded directly in net earnings. At December 31, 2022, the impact of a %
                                    strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would result in an unrealized loss recorded in other
                                    comprehensive income or a loss recorded in net earnings of approximately $77 million and $3 million, respectively
                                    ($ million and $3 million at December 31, 2021, respectively). Power Corporation’s and Power Financial’s debentures are

 PART A
                                    denominated in Canadian dollars.

                                    Power Corporation has net investments in foreign operations. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains
                                    and losses from net investments in foreign operations are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or
                                    weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar and Chinese renminbi spot rates impacts the
                                    Corporation’s total equity.

                                    Power Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in GBL held through Parjointco as its functional
                                    currency is the euro. Foreign currency translation gains and losses on this investment are recorded in other comprehensive
                                    income. At December 31, 2022, the impact of a % increase (decrease) in Canadian currency relative to the foreign currency
                                    would decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of foreign investment by approximately $13 million ($21 million in 2021).

                                    Power Corporation is also exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC. Foreign currency translation
                                    gains and losses on this investment are recorded in other comprehensive income. At December 31, 2022, the impact of a
                                    % increase (decrease) in Canadian currency relative to the foreign currency would decrease (increase) the aggregate
                                    carrying value of foreign investment by approximately $39 million ($3 million in 2021).

                                    Interest Rate Risk
                                    Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in interest rates.

                                    Power Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms’ financial instruments do not have significant exposure
                                    to interest rate risk.

                                    Equity Risk
                                    Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
                                    volatility in equity markets.

                                    Investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and through its investment platforms are either classified as AFS
                                    or FVPL. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as AFS are recorded in other comprehensive income until
                                    realized. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. Investments
                                    classified as AFS are reviewed periodically to determine whether there is objective evidence of an impairment in value.
                                    During the year, the Corporation recorded investment impairment charges on AFS investments of $1 million (nil in 2021).
                                    At December 31, 2022, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power
                                    Financial and other subsidiaries would have resulted in approximately $9 million ($110 million at December 31, 2021) of
                                    unrealized loss recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as AFS, and $17 million
                                    ($12 million at December 31, 2021) of loss recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL and investments
                                    in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL.

                                    The investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and through its investment platforms classified as AFS or at
                                    FVPL, including jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL, include shares of private and publicly
                                    traded companies. At December 31, 2022, investments held in shares of publicly traded companies and private companies
                                    represented 2% and 7%, respectively, excluding equity interests held in consolidated investments. The investment
                                    platforms are diversified, investing in three distinct economic regions: Europe, North America and China. This diversification
                                    avoids a concentration in any one single economy.

                                    GBL holds a portfolio of investments which the Corporation has classified as AFS. Unrealized gains and losses on these
                                    investments are recorded in other comprehensive income until realized. These investments are reviewed periodically to
                                    determine whether there is objective evidence of an impairment in value. At December 31, 2022, the impact of a 10% decline
                                    in equity markets would have resulted in approximately $22 million ($39 million in 2021) of unrealized loss to be recorded
                                    in other comprehensive income, representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.




                                         A 72                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 72                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               The market price of the equity securities of Power Corporation’s subsidiaries and investments may be volatile and subject
               to numerous factors beyond such subsidiaries’ control. At times, financial markets have experienced significant price and
               volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of the equity securities of the subsidiaries and investments, and
               that are often unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Volatility in
               the market price of the equity securities of subsidiaries and investments may have an impact on the adjusted net asset value




                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               reported by the Corporation.

               Power Corporation’s management of financial instruments risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2021. For a
               further discussion of Power Corporation’s risk management, please refer to Note 22 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated

                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
               Financial Statements. Parts B and C of this MD&A describe respectively Lifeco’s and IGM’s management of financial
               instruments risk.

               OPERATIONAL RISK
               Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from people, inadequate or failed internal processes and technologies,
               or external events, which include the risks of internal and external frauds, inadequate human resources practices, execution
               and processing errors, model risk, valuation risk, suppliers and third-party risk, business disruptions, cybersecurity, legal risk
               and regulatory compliance risk. Although operational risk cannot be eliminated entirely, the Corporation’s risk management
               processes are designed to manage these risks in a thorough and diligent manner.

               The Corporation manages operational risk by adopting and applying a series of corporate governance policies, procedures
               and practices such as human resource and compensation practice policies, a clawback policy for all officers, a Code of
               Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, officers and employees (the Code of Conduct), a Third Party Code of Conduct,
               business continuity procedures, related party transactions review and other corporate governance guidelines. The
               Corporation also has established a series of controls for financial reporting and disclosure purposes, and such controls, which
               are tested on a regular basis, can contribute to identifying and mitigating operational risks.

               Cybersecurity risk
               The Corporation is exposed to risks relating to cybersecurity, in particular cyber threats, which include cyber-attacks such as,
               but not limited to, hacking, computer viruses, unauthorized access to confidential, proprietary or sensitive information or
               other breaches of network or Information Technology (IT) security. The Corporation continues to monitor and enhance its
               defences and procedures to prevent, detect, respond to and manage cybersecurity threats, which are constantly
               evolving. Consequently, the Corporation’s IT defences are continuously monitored and adapted to both prevent and detect
               cyber-attacks, and then recover and remediate. Disruption to information systems or breaches of security could result in a
               negative impact on the Corporation’s financial results or result in reputational damage.

               Model Risk
               Model risk is the risk of adverse consequences arising from the inappropriate use or interpretation of models, or the use of
               deficient models, data or assumptions by the Corporation or by the investment platforms. Changes in the internal
               assumptions or other factors affecting the models could lead to a change in fair value. The Corporation and the investment
               platforms use a variety of models to assist in the valuation of financial instruments, operational scenario testing,
               management of cash flows, capital management, and assessment of potential acquisitions or investment decisions.

               Regulatory compliance risk
               Regulatory compliance risk is the risk of the Corporation or its employees failing to comply with the regulatory requirements
               in effect where the Corporation does business, both in Canada and internationally. There are many laws, governmental rules
               and regulations, including financial reporting and disclosure rules, that apply to the Corporation. Interpretation of these laws,
               rules and regulations by the Corporation, governmental agencies, or the courts could result in situations of regulatory non-
               compliance and could adversely affect the Corporation’s reputation and result in penalties, fines and sanctions or increased
               oversight by regulators. The Corporation, in addition to complying with these laws, rules and regulations, must also monitor
               them closely so that changes therein are taken into account in the management of its activities.

               The Corporation ensures that the tax implications of all of its strategic decisions comply with its legal and tax reporting
               obligations as well as anticipate potential changes in the current legal framework to avoid any risk of non-compliance that
               could have adverse impacts.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                     A 73




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 73                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    REPUTATION RISK
                                    Reputation risk is the risk that an activity undertaken by the Corporation would be judged negatively by its stakeholders or
                                    the public, whether that judgment is with or without basis, thereby impairing its image and resulting potentially in the loss
                                    of business, limited financing capacity, legal action or increased regulatory oversight. Reputation risk can arise from a
                                    number of events and is generally related to a deficiency in managing another risk. For example, non-compliance with laws




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    and regulations as well as deficiencies in financial reporting and disclosures can have a significant reputational impact on
                                    the organization.

                                    The Board of Directors has adopted the Code of Conduct, which includes the Corporation’s guidelines on conflicts of interest,

 PART A
                                    as well as a Third Party Code of Conduct, that govern the conduct of the Corporation’s Directors, officers, employees, advisors,
                                    consultants and suppliers. The Board of Directors oversees compliance with the Code of Conduct through the Corporation’s
                                    General Counsel and Secretary, who monitors compliance with the Code of Conduct. Directors and employees of the
                                    Corporation are required to confirm annually, and officers are required to confirm quarterly, their understanding of, and
                                    agreement to comply with, the Code of Conduct.

                                    SUSTAINABILITY RISK
                                    Sustainability risk is the potential loss associated with the inability of the Corporation and its employees to identify and
                                    manage environmental, social and governance risks, which could adversely impact the Corporation’s financial position and
                                    reputation.
                                    Environmental risks relate to the adverse impacts that could result from global warming and climate change, waste, and
                                    resource consumption. Social risks relate to the adverse impacts on people that could result from improper practices related
                                    to human rights, labour conditions, health and safety, harassment, diversity, wages and benefits, and supplier management.
                                    Governance risks relate to adverse impacts from unethical practices, including corruption and bribery, conflicts of interest,
                                    and data privacy.
                                    Anchored by a strong responsible management culture, the Corporation adheres to the clear guidelines set out in its Code
                                    of Conduct, which applies to the Corporation’s directors, officers and employees, as well as in its Third Party Code of Conduct,
                                    which applies to advisors, consultants and suppliers. The Corporation also maintains other supporting policies, procedures
                                    and controls, including a Corporate Social Responsibility Statement, an Environmental Policy, a Global Anti-Bribery Policy, a
                                    Global Sanctions Policy, a Privacy Policy, and a Respectful Workplace Policy.
                                    The Corporation takes a balanced approach to conducting business, providing training and capacity building for its
                                    employees to ensure sustainability risks are identified and mitigated consistent with its policies and procedures. The Board
                                    of Directors’ risk management oversight includes ensuring that material environmental, social and governance risks are
                                    appropriately identified, managed and monitored.

                                    OTHER RISKS

                                    Tax Risk
                                    Jurisdictions in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate periodically review and amend their tax laws and policies.
                                    Changes to tax rates may increase the tax expense of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, adversely impacting earnings.

                                    Management actively monitors changes and developments to domestic and international tax laws and policies and their
                                    potential impacts.

                                    In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published model rules outlining
                                    a structure for a new 1% global minimum tax to be implemented by participating countries at a future date, currently
                                    expected to be 202. In December 2022, the European Union adopted a directive that member countries must enact the
                                    1% minimum tax into their domestic laws by the end of 2023, for expected implementation in 202. The Canadian
                                    government confirmed its commitment to implement the global minimum tax, with implementation, including timing, to
                                    be coordinated with international partners, but no legislation has yet been proposed. The countries where the Corporation
                                    and its subsidiaries currently operate have indicated their participation; however, none have implemented legislation. A
                                    number of these countries currently operate at a lower tax rate than the proposed minimum, and when legislation is
                                    enacted an increase in the effective tax rate is expected. The Corporation and its subsidiaries are awaiting legislation and
                                    detailed guidance to assess the full implications in the jurisdictions in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate.




                                         A 74                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 74                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               COVID-19
               The Corporation is managing the risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic utilizing its existing risk management
               framework. At Power Corporation and its group companies, the focus has continued to be on managing the safety and well-
               being of its people, maintaining operational effectiveness, ensuring that the group can serve its customers, assessing impacts
               on earnings, liquidity and capital, planning for different potential scenarios and engaging with stakeholders. The respective




                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               boards of directors of Lifeco, IGM, and GBL are responsible for the governance structures and processes to oversee the
               management of the risk and potential impacts presented by the current economic slowdown and other potential
               consequences due to COVID-19. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe risks and processes in place related to Lifeco
               and IGM, respectively.

               The duration and full impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic are still unknown at this time. The distribution of vaccines has                                     PART A
               resulted in the easing of restrictions in many economies, although the COVID-19 pandemic continues to cause disruption
               to key supply chains globally, resulting in ongoing economic pressures. While the conditions have become more stable,
               many factors continue to extend economic uncertainty, including the rollout and efficacy of vaccines, emergence of new
               COVID-19 variants and the durability and effectiveness of government and central bank interventions.

               Geopolitical Tensions
               Continuing military hostilities in Ukraine and broader economic challenges, particularly those related to trade relations,
               inflation pressures and volatility in international capital flows among major economies, are contributing to a challenging
               economic environment. Economic growth has slowed across geographies over the course of the year, reflecting trade
               tensions, central bank efforts to combat inflation, and continued labour market and supply chain disruptions. The
               Corporation is closely monitoring the impacts and potential consequences on its financial position. The diversified nature of
               the Corporation’s operating subsidiaries, their business models and the markets served, continue to mitigate risks presented
               by ongoing global uncertainty.


               The duration and full impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the geopolitical tensions are still unknown at this time. It is
               not possible to reliably estimate the length and severity of these developments and the impact on the financial results and
               condition of the Corporation and its operating subsidiaries in future periods. Refer to Note 2 of the 2022 Consolidated
               Financial Statements for additional disclosure of the impact on the Corporation’s significant judgments, estimates and
               assumptions. Refer to Parts B and C of this MD&A for a further discussion on risk management, measurement uncertainty
               and the potential exposures at Lifeco and IGM.

               Emerging Risks
               An emerging risk is a risk not well understood at the current time and for which the impacts on the Corporation, including
               on its strategy and financial results, are difficult to assess or are in the process of being assessed.

               Monitoring emerging risks is an important component of risk management. Power Corporation is actively monitoring
               emerging risks through:
                  Review and analysis at the boards and committees of its operating companies around the world where local executives
                   describe the emerging risks in their respective environments.
                  The Corporation’s executive officers act as the Corporation’s risk management committee. They meet regularly to
                   identify, analyze and review the Corporation’s risks and to implement strategies to mitigate these risks.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                  A 75




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 75                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Financial Instruments and Other Instruments

                                    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
                                    Fair value represents the amount that would be exchanged in an arm’s-length transaction between willing parties and is




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    best evidenced by a quoted market price, if one exists. Fair values represent management’s estimates and are generally
                                    calculated using market information and at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair values. The calculations
                                    are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.


 PART A
                                    The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed have been categorized
                                    based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
                                       Level 1 inputs utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                                        Corporation has the ability to access.
                                       Level 2 inputs utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                                        directly or indirectly.
                                       Level 3 inputs utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and include
                                        situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.

                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
                                    when measuring fair value. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair
                                    value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement falls has been
                                    determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Corporation and its
                                    subsidiaries’ assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and
                                    considers factors specific to the asset or liability.




                                         A 76                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 76                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ assets and liabilities
               recorded or disclosed at fair value. The table distinguishes between assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring
               basis and those for which fair value is disclosed. The table excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial
               liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. Items excluded
               are: cash and cash equivalents, dividends, interest and accounts receivable, loans to policyholders, certain other financial




                                                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               assets, accounts payable, dividends and interest payable and certain other financial liabilities.
               At December                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                       Carrying value         Fair value       Carrying value         Fair value


                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
               Assets
               Assets recorded at fair value
                 Bonds
                    Fair value through profit or loss                                                     ,            ,                ,8           ,8
                    Available for sale                                                                      ,             ,                ,6            ,6
                 Mortgage and other loans
                    Fair value through profit or loss                                                        ,               ,                ,4              ,4
                    Available for sale                                                                          4                4                     −                  −
                 Shares
                    Fair value through profit or loss                                                       4,             4,                ,5            ,5
                    Available for sale []                                                                   ,8               ,8                ,4              ,4
                 Investment properties                                                                       8,44               8,44                ,6              ,6
                 Funds held by ceding insurers                                                              ,85             ,85                4,            4,
                 Derivative instruments                                                                      ,48               ,48                ,4              ,4
                 Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                 6                6
                 Other assets                                                                                ,6               ,6                ,8              ,8
                                                                                                          ,64            ,64                6,6           6,6
               Assets disclosed at fair value
                 Bonds
                    Loans and receivables                                                                   ,6             ,464                4,66            6,
                 Mortgage and other loans
                    Loans and receivables                                                                   4,86             8,4                ,54            ,46
                 Shares
                    Available for sale                                                                                                               −                  −
                 Funds held by ceding insurers                                                                                                    6                6
                                                                                                            5,6             68,86                56,44            5,4
               Total                                                                                      46,6            ,466                6,54           ,4
               Liabilities
               Liabilities recorded at fair value
                 Investment contract liabilities                                                            ,8             ,8                ,455            ,455
                 Derivative instruments                                                                      ,               ,                ,6              ,6
                 Limited-life and redeemable fund units []                                                  ,6               ,6                ,6              ,6
                 Other liabilities                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                            ,45             ,45                4,5            4,5
               Liabilities disclosed at fair value
                 Obligations to securitization entities                                                      4,6               4,544                5,58              5,46
                 Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                      64                65                  64                86
                 Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                         4,             ,446                ,5            4,56
                 Deposits and certificates                                                                   5,8               5,8                ,68              ,68
                 Other liabilities                                                                              4                4                                  
                                                                                                            6,5             4,86                ,6            4,4
               Total                                                                                        4,6             4,6                ,            ,54

               [] Fair value of certain shares available for sale cannot be reliably measured, therefore these investments are recorded at cost.
               [] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the equity
                   or net earnings of the Corporation.


               See Note 27 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair
               value measurement at December 31, 2022.



                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                A 77




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 77                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                    In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
                                    derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
                                    The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
                                    management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
                                            prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
                                            documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;

 PART A
                                            demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
                                            monitoring the hedging relationships.

                                    There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
                                    derivative instruments in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. The following table provides a summary of
                                    the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:

                                                                                                            December ,                                   December , 
                                                                                                     Maximum                  Total                     Maximum              Total
                                                                                         Notional    credit risk         fair value          Notional   credit risk     fair value

                                    Power Corporation                                                                     ()                                       
                                    Power Financial                                          4               5                  5                                        
                                    Lifeco                                               46,6         ,4                65             6,5          6             (6)
                                    IGM                                                    ,5            64                               ,84           4             
                                    Other subsidiaries                                     ,8            4                               ,6           6               
                                                                                         5,         ,4                8             ,        ,             (6)
                                                                                         5,54         ,48                6             ,        ,4             (4)


                                    During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, there was an increase of $10. billion in the notional amount of
                                    derivatives outstanding, primarily due to increases to cross-currency swaps related to the Prudential acquisition and regular
                                    hedging activities by Lifeco. As well, the Corporation entered into a total return swap to hedge the volatility of a portion of
                                    its liability related to its cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ exposure to derivative
                                    counterparty risk (which represents the market value of instruments in a gain position) increased to $2,0 million at
                                    December 31, 2022 from $1,09 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the impact of the U.S.
                                    dollar strengthening against the British pound and euro on cross-currency swaps that pay British pounds and euros and
                                    receive U.S. dollars.

                                    Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by Lifeco and IGM,
                                    respectively.

                                    See Note 2 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                          A 78                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 78                                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

               GUARANTEES
               In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature




                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
               subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
               amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
               determined. See also Note 32 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

               LETTERS OF CREDIT                                                                                                                                                 PART A

               In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Lifeco provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
               will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities
               ceded to or amounts due from Lifeco. Lifeco may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing
               letters of credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A.
               Potentia and PSEIP have issued letters of credit totalling $32 million with one-year terms to support required lender
               reserves, performance guarantees for operating solar assets and awarded wind power purchase agreements, as well as
               commitments for projects under construction.

               See also Note 32 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.



               Contingent Liabilities

               The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
               arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
               certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
               position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
               actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of
               the Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 31 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial
               Statements.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                       A 79




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 79                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Commitments and Contractual Obligations


                                                                                                                                                                 Payments due by period
                                                                                                                         Less than                            More than




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    At December 31, 2022                                                                     year          –5 years           5 years    Undefined []     Total

                                    Power Corporation []                                                                        8                                65             54       86
                                    Power Financial   []
                                                                                                                               5                                 5                −      


 PART A
                                    Lifeco                                                                                 ,46              ,558              ,4                −    ,4
                                    IGM                                                                                    5,8              4,              ,6                −    ,6
                                    Alternative asset investment platforms
                                      and consolidation entries                                                            ,64                6              ,86             58      4,65
                                    Total                                                                                 5,              ,56            ,8              4     4,45

                                    Debentures and other debt instruments []                                              ,              ,4            ,4                 −    5,45
                                    Obligations to securitization entities                                                   48              ,65                                 −     4,6
                                    Deposits and certificates                                                              5,6                                                    −     5,8
                                    Lease obligations   [4]
                                                                                                                             4                4                6                −     ,
                                    Purchase obligations [5]                                                                 4                                     64            −     ,6
                                    Pension contributions     [6]
                                                                                                                                                  −                   −            −      
                                    Contractual commitments [, ]                                                         5,45                  84                              4      5,48
                                    Total                                                                                 5,              ,56            ,8              4     4,45

                                    [] Includes $1 million of outstanding commitments from the Corporation to make future capital contributions to investment funds; the exact amount and
                                        timing of each capital contribution cannot be determined. Excludes commitments to controlled and consolidated funds.
                                    [] Includes debentures of the Corporation of $0 million and Power Financial of $20 million.
                                    [] Please refer to Note 1 and Note 1 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
                                    [4] Please refer to Note 1 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
                                    [5] Purchase obligations are commitments of Lifeco to acquire goods and services, primarily related to information services, as well as construction and turbine
                                        purchase contracts related to wind projects under construction at Potentia.
                                    [6] Pension contributions include expected contributions to defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as well as other post-employment benefit
                                        plans and are subject to change, as contribution decisions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements and
                                        management’s ability to change funding policy. Funding estimates beyond one year are excluded due to variability in the assumptions required to project the
                                        timing of future contributions.
                                    [] Includes $,33 million of commitments by Lifeco. These contractual commitments are essentially commitments of investment transactions made in the
                                        normal course of operations, in accordance with Lifeco’s policies and guidelines, which are to be disbursed upon fulfilment of certain contract conditions.




                                    Income Taxes

                                    The non-capital losses of the holding company, at December 31, 2022, were $1,20 million ($1,1 million for which the
                                    benefits have not been recognized) and are available to reduce future taxable income (including capital gains). These losses
                                    expire from 202 to 202.

                                    The capital losses of the holding company, at December 31, 2022, were $1 million ($0 million for which the benefits have
                                    not been recognized) and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.

                                    In addition, at December 31, 2022, deductible temporary differences for which the benefits have not been recognized were
                                    $ million.




                                            A 80                                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 80                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Transactions with Related Parties

               Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are
               independent of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this




                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Committee is to review proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder,
               and to approve only those transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.

               In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital

                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
               commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees
               paid to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to employees. Such transactions are at
               market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.

               In the normal course of business, Canada Life and Putnam enter into various transactions with related companies which
               include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services, respectively, to other companies within the Power
               Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
               the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.

               Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
               pension and other post-employment benefits for employees of Power Corporation, Power Financial, and Lifeco and its
               subsidiaries. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and
               conduct review committee.

               IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Lifeco. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and include
               i) providing certain administrative and technology services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) the sale of residential
               mortgages to Canada Life. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate
               related party and conduct review committee.

               In 2022, a wind project which had reached commercial operation was transferred to PSEIP from Potentia in exchange for
               consideration in cash and units in the fund. Refer to the section “Power Sustainable” in the section “Alternative Asset
               Investments Platforms”.

               On January 12, 2023, subsequent to year-end, the Corporation and IGM completed a previously announced agreement in
               which IGM acquired the Corporation’s 13.9% interest held in ChinaAMC. In a separate transaction, IGM sold a 1.% interest
               held in Lifeco to Power Financial. Refer to the section “ChinaAMC” in the section “2022 Highlights”.

               See Note 30 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                      A 81




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 81                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments

                                    In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries
                                    are required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    net earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where
                                    significant judgments are made by the management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include:
                                    the entities to be consolidated or accounted for using the equity method, insurance and investment contract liabilities, fair
                                    value measurements, investment impairment, goodwill and intangible assets, income taxes and employee future benefits.

 PART A
                                    These are described in the notes to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                    IMPACT OF COVID-19 AND THE CONFLICT BETWEEN RUSSIA AND UKRAINE ON SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS,
                                    ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
                                    The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to result in uncertainty in global financial markets and the economic environment in
                                    which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate. The duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be
                                    unknown at this time, as is the efficacy of the associated fiscal and monetary interventions by governments and central banks.

                                    Global financial markets continued to be volatile during 2022, in part due to Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine and the
                                    related sanctions and economic fallout. The Corporation and its subsidiaries continue to monitor potential impacts of the
                                    conflict, including financial impacts, heightened cyber risks, and risks related to the global supply chain.

                                    The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the managements of the Corporation and its subsidiaries regarding
                                    the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global credit, equities, investment properties, foreign exchange and
                                    inflation, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality experience market conditions.

                                    The provision for future credit losses within Lifeco’s insurance contract liabilities relies upon investment credit ratings. In
                                    addition to its own credit assessments, Lifeco’s practice is to use third-party independent credit ratings where available.
                                    Management judgment is required when setting credit ratings for instruments that do not have a third-party credit rating.
                                    Given rapid market changes, third-party credit rating changes may lag developments in the current environment.

                                    The fair value of investments (Note 27 of the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements), the valuation of goodwill and other
                                    intangible assets, the valuation of insurance contract liabilities and the recoverability of deferred tax asset carrying values
                                    reflect the judgments of the managements of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries.

                                    Given the uncertainty surrounding the current environment, the actual financial results could differ from the estimates made
                                    in the preparation of the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                         A 82                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 82                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               CONSOLIDATION
               Management of the Corporation consolidates all subsidiaries and entities in which it has determined that the Corporation
               has control. Control is evaluated according to the ability of the Corporation to direct the relevant activities of the subsidiaries
               or other structured entities in order to derive variable returns. Management of the Corporation and of each of its subsidiaries
               exercise judgment in determining whether control exists. Judgment is exercised in the evaluation of the variable returns




                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               and in determining the extent to which the Corporation or its subsidiaries have the ability to exercise their power to affect
               variable returns.

               JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
               Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant
               activities. Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and
               financial policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are
               accounted for using the equity method. Management of the Corporation and of each of its subsidiaries exercise judgment
               in determining whether joint control or significant influence exists.

               In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a
               venture capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled
               corporations and associates at fair value through profit or loss.

               INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES
              Measurement
              Insurance contract liabilities represent the amounts required, in addition to future premiums and investment income, to
              provide for future benefit payments, policyholder dividends, commission and policy administrative expenses for all insurance
              and annuity policies in force with Lifeco. The Appointed Actuaries of Lifeco’s subsidiaries are responsible for determining the
              amount of the liabilities in order to make appropriate provisions for Lifeco’s obligations to policyholders. The Appointed
              Actuaries determine the liabilities for insurance and investment contracts using generally accepted actuarial practices,
              according to the standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. The valuation uses the Canadian Asset Liability
              Method (CALM). This method involves the projection of future events in order to determine the amount of assets that must
              be set aside currently to provide for all future obligations and involves a significant amount of judgment.

              In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of mortality and
              morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective
              policy options or provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a margin for
              adverse deviation. These margins are necessary to provide for possibilities of misestimation and/or future deterioration in
              the best estimate assumptions and provide reasonable assurance that insurance contract liabilities cover a range of possible
              outcomes. Margins are reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.

              Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discounted cash flows utilizing the yield curves
              of financial instruments with similar cash flow characteristics.

              Additional details regarding these estimates can be found in Note 12 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial
              Statements. See also Part B of this MD&A.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                      A 83




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 83                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A TI ON OF CA N AD A



                                    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
                                    The carrying values of financial assets reflect the prevailing market liquidity and the liquidity premiums embedded in the
                                    market pricing methods the Corporation and its subsidiaries rely upon.

                                    Fair value movement on the assets supporting insurance contract liabilities is a major factor in the movement of insurance
                                    contract liabilities. Changes in the fair value of bonds and mortgage and other loans designated or classified as fair value




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    through profit or loss that support insurance contract liabilities are largely offset by corresponding changes in the fair value
                                    of these liabilities, except when the bond has been deemed impaired.

                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs

 PART A
                                    when measuring fair value. The following is a description of the methodologies used to determine fair value.

                                       Bonds and mortgage and other loans at fair value through profit or loss and available for sale
                                       Fair values of bonds and mortgage and other loans recorded at fair value through profit or loss or available for sale are
                                       determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily provided by third-party independent pricing sources.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in active markets, when available, for identical assets at the
                                       balance sheet dates to measure bonds and mortgage and other loans at fair value. Where prices are not quoted in a
                                       normally active market, fair values are determined by valuation models.

                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries estimate the fair value of bonds and mortgage and other loans not traded in active
                                       markets by referring to actively traded securities with similar attributes, dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodologies,
                                       discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation models. These methodologies consider such factors as the
                                       issuer’s industry, the security’s rating, term, coupon rate and position in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as yield
                                       curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other relevant factors. For bonds and mortgage and other loans that are not
                                       traded in active markets, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity, and such adjustments are generally based on
                                       available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management’s best estimate is used.

                                       Shares at fair value through profit or loss and available for sale
                                       Fair values of publicly traded shares are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where
                                       it is principally traded. Fair values of shares for which there is no active market are typically based upon alternative valuation
                                       techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movements relative to the market and utilization of
                                       information provided by the underlying investment manager. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in
                                       active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet dates to measure shares at fair value.

                                       Equity-release mortgages at fair value through profit or loss and available for sale
                                       There are no market-observable prices for equity-release mortgages; Lifeco uses an internal valuation model which is
                                       based on discounting expected future cash flows and considering the embedded no-negative-equity guarantee. Inputs
                                       to the model include market-observable inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market-
                                       observable inputs include property growth and volatility rates, expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving
                                       to long-term care and interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no-negative-equity guarantee.

                                       Bonds and mortgage and other loans classified as loans and receivables
                                       The fair values disclosed for bonds and mortgage and other loans, classified as loans and receivables, are determined by
                                       discounting expected future cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs typically
                                       include benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads based on current lending activities and market activity.

                                       Investment properties
                                       Fair values of investment properties are determined using independent qualified appraisal services and include
                                       adjustments by Lifeco management for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market
                                       conditions in the interim period between appraisals. The determination of the fair value of investment properties requires
                                       the use of estimates including future cash flows (such as future leasing assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating
                                       expenditures) and discount, reversionary and overall capitalization rates applicable to the asset based on current market
                                       conditions. Investment properties under construction are valued at fair value if such values can be reliably determined;
                                       otherwise, they are recorded at cost.




                                         A 84                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 84                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               IMPAIRMENT OF INVESTMENTS
               Investments are reviewed on an individual basis at the end of each reporting period to determine whether there is any
               objective evidence of impairment. The Corporation and its subsidiaries consider various factors in the impairment evaluation
               process, including, but not limited to, the financial condition of the issuer, specific adverse conditions affecting an industry
               or region, decline in fair value not related to interest rates, bankruptcy or defaults, and delinquency in payments of interest




                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               or principal.

               Investments are deemed to be impaired when there is no longer reasonable assurance of collection. The fair value of an
               investment is not a definitive indicator of impairment, as it may be significantly influenced by other factors, including the

                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
               remaining term to maturity and liquidity of the asset. However, market price is taken into consideration when evaluating
               impairment.

               For impaired bonds and mortgage and other loans classified as loans and receivables, provisions are established or
               impairments recorded to adjust the carrying value to the net realizable amount. Wherever possible, the fair value of collateral
               underlying the loans or observable market price is used to establish the net realizable value. Where available-for-sale bonds
               are determined to be impaired, the accumulated loss recorded in other comprehensive income is reclassified to net
               investment income. Impairments on available-for-sale debt instruments are reversed if there is objective evidence that a
               permanent recovery has occurred. As well, interest is no longer accrued on impaired bonds and mortgage and other loans
               and previous interest accruals are reversed in net investment income.

               Impairment losses on available-for-sale shares are recorded in net investment income if the loss is significant or prolonged.
               Subsequent losses are recorded directly in net investment income.

               GOODWILL AND INDEFINITE LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS IMPAIRMENT TESTING
               Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for
               impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Indefinite life intangible
               assets that were previously impaired are reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal.

               Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units or to groups of cash generating
               units (CGUs), representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill and
               indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to the recoverable
               amount of the CGUs to which the goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated.

               An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
               recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less cost of disposal or value in use, which is calculated using the
               present value of estimated future cash flows expected to be generated.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                   A 85




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 85                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain funded defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors,
                                    unfunded supplementary employee retirement plans (SERP) for eligible employees, and unfunded post-employment
                                    health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their dependants. The Corporation and its
                                    subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average earnings. Expenses for
                                    defined benefit plans are actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method prorated on service, based upon
                                    management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ assumptions about discount rates, compensation increases,

 PART A
                                    retirement ages of employees, mortality and expected health care costs. Any changes in these assumptions will impact the
                                    carrying amount of the pension benefit asset or liability. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ accrued benefit asset or liability
                                    in respect to defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by discounting the amount of the benefit that
                                    employees have earned in return for their service in current and prior periods and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries determine the net interest component of the pension expense for the period by
                                        applying the discount rate used to measure the accrued benefit asset or liability at the beginning of the annual period
                                        to the net accrued benefit asset or liability. The discount rate used to value liabilities is determined by reference to
                                        market yields on high-quality corporate bonds.
                                       If the plan benefits are changed, or a plan is curtailed, any past service costs or curtailment gains or losses are recognized
                                        immediately in net earnings.
                                       Net interest costs, administration expenses, current service costs, past service costs and curtailment and settlement
                                        gains or losses are recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.
                                       Remeasurements represent actuarial gains and losses, the actual return on plan assets greater (less) than interest
                                        income, and changes in the asset ceiling. Remeasurements are recognized immediately through other comprehensive
                                        income and are not subsequently reclassified to net earnings.
                                       The accrued benefit asset (liability) represents the plan surplus (deficit) and is included in other assets (other liabilities).
                                       Contributions to the defined contribution plans are expensed as incurred.


                                    INCOME TAXES

                                    Current income tax
                                    Current income tax is based on taxable income for the year. Current tax liabilities (assets) for the current and prior periods
                                    are measured at the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) the taxation authorities using the rates that have been
                                    enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset, if a legally
                                    enforceable right exists to offset the recognized amounts and the entity intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize
                                    the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

                                    Deferred income tax
                                    Deferred income tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences arising between the carrying amounts
                                    of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of taxable
                                    income and on unused tax attributes, and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities
                                    are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is
                                    probable that future taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences and unused tax
                                    attributes can be utilized.

                                    Recognition of deferred tax assets is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax
                                    planning opportunities available to allow the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods
                                    may adversely impact the assessment of the recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in
                                    establishing the deferred tax assets. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial planning process provides a significant
                                    basis for the measurement of deferred tax assets.

                                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or
                                    the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
                                    date. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to net current tax assets
                                    against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.




                                         A 86                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 86                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
               longer probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be
               utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognized to the extent that
               it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

               Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, jointly




                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               controlled corporations and associates, except where the group controls the timing of the reversal of the temporary
               differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.



                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
               Changes in Accounting Policies

               There were no changes to the Corporation’s accounting policies from those reported at December 31, 2021, except for:

                     On January 1, 2022, the Corporation adopted the amendment to IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities, and
                      Contingent Assets, which specifies which costs should be included when assessing whether a contract will be loss-
                      making. The adoption of these amendments did not have a significant impact on the Corporation’s Consolidated
                      Financial Statements.



               Future Accounting Changes

               The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze the
               effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective. See
               Note 2 to the Corporation’s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. The following sets out significant standards that will
               be adopted on January 1, 2023:

               IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17), and IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments (IFRS 9)

               Effective January 1, 2023, IFRS 17 will replace IFRS .

               IFRS 17 sets out the requirements for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance contracts a
               company issues, reinsurance contracts it holds, and investment contracts with discretionary participation features issued.
               Under IFRS 17, Lifeco will:

                     Identify insurance contracts as arrangements where an entity accepts significant insurance risk from another party
                      (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder or beneficiary of the contract for specified uncertain
                      future events that adversely affect the policyholder and whose amount and timing are unknown.

                     Separately account for specified embedded derivatives, distinct investment components, and distinct non-insurance
                      goods and services from insurance contracts.

                     Identify portfolios of insurance contracts, which comprises contracts that are subject to similar risks and managed
                      together. Portfolios are further divided based on expected profitability at inception. At a minimum, each portfolio of
                      insurance contracts issued shall be divided into the following groups:

                        Contracts that are onerous at initial recognition;
                        Contracts that at initial recognition have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently; and
                        Any of the remaining contracts in the portfolio.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                 A 87




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 87                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                         Apply the three measurement models introduced by IFRS 17 as further described below:

                                          General Measurement Model (GMM)
                                          This model is applied to Lifeco’s medium- to long-term insurance products, such as individual protection, payout
                                          annuities, and longevity swaps.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          Under this model, insurance contract liabilities on the balance sheets are measured as the total of:
                                           (i) The fulfillment cash flows (FCF): the current estimates of amounts that a company expects to collect (e.g.,
                                               premiums) and pay out (e.g., claims, benefits, expenses), including adjustments for the timing and the financial

 PART A
                                               and non-financial risks of those amounts; and
                                           (ii) The contractual service margin (CSM): unearned profit for providing insurance coverage, which is subsequently
                                                recognized into profit or loss over time as the insurance services are provided.

                                          At the end of each period, Lifeco will recalculate the FCF and CSM, with the CSM subject to adjustments for interest
                                          accretion and certain changes to FCF relating to future service.

                                          Premium Allocation Approach (PAA)
                                          This model is applied to Lifeco’s short-term insurance products, such as group life and health.

                                          This simplified model can be used when the contract boundary is less than one year or the approach is expected to
                                          produce a similar liability amount as under the GMM. Under the PAA, calculating and explicitly accounting for the
                                          CSM is exempted. Instead, the liability is set as the premiums received less acquisition expenses, premium revenue
                                          recognized, and amounts transferred to fund incurred claims.

                                          Variable Fee Approach (VFA)
                                          This model is applied to Lifeco’s contracts with direct participating features such as participating insurance and
                                          segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment return is provided to the policyholder
                                          based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).

                                          Similar to the GMM, the VFA initially measures the insurance contract liabilities as the FCF plus CSM. Subsequently,
                                          the FCF and CSM are recalculated, with the latter reflecting changes in Lifeco's share of the pool of items (e.g., future
                                          fees and guarantee costs) and certain changes to FCF relating to future service.

                                    A group of insurance contracts issued is considered onerous when the measurement leads to a negative CSM either at issue
                                    or when subsequently measured. In this case, the CSM is not allowed to decrease below zero and a loss component is
                                    tracked.

                                    The measurement of reinsurance contracts held is similar to insurance contracts issued with the following key differences:
                                    the CSM can be positive or negative, and the VFA measurement model cannot be used.

                                    On transition to IFRS 17, Lifeco and the Corporation will apply the full retrospective approach to all identified insurance
                                    contracts unless it is impracticable to do so. When impracticable, the fair value approach will be applied.

                                    The fair value approach calculates the CSM or loss component of the liability for remaining coverage as the difference
                                    between the fair value of a group of insurance contracts at the date of transition and the FCF measured at that date.

                                    In addition, IFRS 9 will replace IAS 39, effective January 1, 2023. The standard provides changes to financial instruments
                                    accounting for the following:
                                         Classification and measurement of financial instruments based on a business model approach for managing financial
                                          assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. All financial assets are measured as fair value
                                          through profit or loss (FVTPL), fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), or amortized cost;
                                         Allowances for credit losses (ACL) are based on an expected credit loss (ECL) model for all financial assets, except for
                                          financial assets classified or designated as FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI. Under the ECL model, a
                                          loss allowance is recognized and maintained equal to 12 months of expected credit losses upon initial recognition. If
                                          credit risk subsequently increases significantly, or an asset becomes credit-impaired, the loss allowance is increased
                                          to cover full lifetime expected credit losses. Changes in the required loss allowance will be recorded in net investment
                                          income in the statements of earnings; and
                                         Hedge accounting that incorporates the risk management practices of an entity, which will not have a material impact
                                          to the Corporation.

                                    The current disclosure for the measurement and classification of the Corporation's portfolio investments provides most of
                                    the information required by IFRS 9.



                                         A 88                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 88                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               The Corporation's date of initial application of IFRS 9 is January 1, 2023 and the Corporation anticipates electing the option
               of presenting comparative information about a financial asset as if the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS
               9 had been applied to that financial asset in the comparative period, on an instrument-by-instrument basis, as permitted
               by the amendment to IFRS 17 published by the IASB in December 2021. IFRS 9 includes an accounting policy choice to
               retain the IAS 39 requirements for hedge accounting, which the Corporation and its subsidiaries are currently evaluating.




                                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               The adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 is expected to result in an overall reduction of total assets of approximately $1. billion,
               total liabilities of $13.0 billion, and total equity of approximately $3. billion to the transition balance sheet as at January 1, 2022.

               Asset and liability reclassifications were primarily driven by changes to the groupings of certain assets and liabilities,

                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
               reclassifications of certain insurance contract liabilities to investment contract liabilities, and presenting liabilities on account
               of segregated fund policyholders separately between insurance and investment contract liabilities. IFRS 9 adjustments
               primarily relate to a change in designation of certain loans and receivables held at amortized cost under IAS 39 to FVTPL
               under IFRS 9. IFRS 17 adjustments relate to changes in insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance assets, which are
               primarily the result of the establishment of CSM for in-force contracts of $. billion associated with shareholders’ equity
               and $.2 billion associated with non-controlling interests, partially offset by the removal of provisions no longer required
               under IFRS 17. This does not include the CSM on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a material impact
               on capital or opening equity.

               Total equity is expected to decrease by approximately $3. billion, consisting of $1.2 billion reduction to non-controlling
               interests and $2.2 billion reduction to shareholders' equity.

               These impacts are based on the assessments undertaken to date. The exact financial impacts of the accounting changes
               due to adopting IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 may be revised as further analysis is completed prior to presentation of financial
               information for periods including the date of initial application. The Corporation and Lifeco expect to be in a position to
               issue further guidance on the impact of adopting IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 in conjunction with their first quarterly report to
               shareholders for the financial year commencing January 1, 2023.



               The following sets out other future accounting standards:

               Standard                       Summary of future changes

               IAS 1 –                        In February 2021, the IASB published Disclosure of Accounting Policies, amendments to IAS 1, Presentation
               Presentation of Financial      of Financial Statements. The amendments clarify how an entity determines whether accounting policy
               Statements                     information is material.
                                              These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with
                                              earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                                              statements as a result of these amendments.

              IAS  –                        In February 2021, the IASB published Definition of Accounting Estimates, amendments to IAS , Accounting
              Accounting Policies,           Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors. The amendments clarify the difference between an
              Changes in Accounting          accounting policy and an accounting estimate.
              Estimates and Errors
                                             These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with
                                             earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                                             statements as a result of these amendments.

               IAS 12 –                       In May 2021, the IASB published Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities from a Single Transaction,
               Income Taxes                   amendments to IAS 12, Income Taxes. The amendments clarify that for transactions in which both
                                              deductible and taxable temporary differences arise on initial recognition that result in deferred tax assets and
                                              liabilities of the same amount, deferred tax assets and liabilities are to be recognized.
                                              These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with
                                              earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                                              statements as a result of these amendments.

               IFRS 1 –                      In September 2022, the IASB published Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback, amendments to IFRS 1,
               Leases                         Leases. The amendments clarify that in a sale and leaseback transaction, the seller-lessee subsequent
                                              measurement of the lease liability arising from a leaseback does not recognize any amount of gain or loss
                                              related to the right of use it retains.
                                              These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 202, with
                                              earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                                              statements as a result of these amendments.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                  A 89




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 89                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Disclosure Controls and Procedures

                                    Based on their evaluations at December 31, 2022, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
                                    that the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at December 31, 2022.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Internal Control over Financial Reporting

                                    The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 PART A
                                    reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
                                    IFRS. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is
                                    responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal control systems
                                    have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems
                                    determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
                                    presentation.

                                    As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
                                    businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
                                    certifications filed by management of Lifeco and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 2-109 – Certification of Disclosure
                                    in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant
                                    subsidiaries and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures
                                    and internal control over financial reporting.

                                    The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has
                                    evaluated the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, based on the
                                    Internal Control – Integrated Framework (COSO 2013 Framework) published by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
                                    of the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have
                                    concluded that the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2022.

                                    There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
                                    ended December 31, 2022 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s
                                    internal control over financial reporting.

                                    LIMITATION ON DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES & INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                    As permitted by securities legislation, for the period ended December 31, 2022, Lifeco’s management has limited the scope
                                    of its design of Lifeco’s disclosure controls and procedures and Lifeco’s internal control over financial reporting to exclude
                                    controls, policies and procedures of the Prudential full-service retirement services business, which Lifeco acquired on April 1,
                                    2022.

                                    For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the acquired Prudential retirement services business had revenue of
                                    $09 million, net earnings of $9 million post-tax including negative market-related impact on liabilities of $9 million and
                                    integration costs of $19 million post-tax, and other comprehensive loss of $3 million. The initial amounts assigned to the
                                    assets acquired, goodwill and intangible assets on April 1, 2022 and reported as at December 31, 2022 were $12,97 million.
                                    The initial amounts assigned to the liabilities assumed on April 1, 2022 and reported as at December 31, 2022 were
                                    $122,339 million. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Lifeco completed its comprehensive evaluation of the fair value of net
                                    assets acquired from Prudential and the purchase price allocation.




                                         A 90                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 90                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Power Financial Corporation

               Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
               an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 1-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations (NI 1-102) pursuant
               to Section 13.1 of NI 1-102 and as provided in the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Commission, dated January 19, 2021, regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation. The following disclosure is provided
               further to the requirements of such decision:
                                                                                                                  Corporate          Effect of             Total                Total


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
               At December ,                                                    Lifeco             IGM      and other[]   consolidation   Power Financial    Power Corporation

               Total assets                                                      ,455              8,8       8,            (,5)         5,8              ,65
               Total liabilities                                                 66,              ,6         ,6              ()         684,              68,548



               For the three months ending December ,                                                                                      Power Financial    Power Corporation

               Cash flows from operations                                                                                                                ,668                ,64
               [] Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.


               OTHER SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION OF POWER FINANCIAL

               First Preferred Shares Issued and Outstanding
                                                                                                                       December ,                           December , 
                                                                                                               Number                 Stated          Number                  Stated
                                                                                                               of shares              capital         of shares               capital
                                                                                                                                           $                                        $
               First Preferred Shares (perpetual)

                 Series A [i]                                                                              4,,                             4,,                   

                 Series D [ii]                                                                             6,,                    5         6,,                   5

                 Series E   [ii]                                                                           8,,                             8,,                   

                 Series F [ii]                                                                             6,,                    5         6,,                   5

                 Series H    [ii]                                                                          6,,                    5         6,,                   5

                 Series K    [ii]                                                                         ,,                    5       ,,                    5

                 Series L   [ii]                                                                           8,,                             8,,                   

                 Series O    [ii]                                                                          6,,                    5         6,,                   5

                 Series P [ii]                                                                             ,65,56                    4         ,65,56                   4

                 Series Q    [ii]                                                                          ,54,484                              ,54,484                     

                 Series R [ii]                                                                            ,,                    5       ,,                    5

                 Series S [ii]                                                                            ,,                           ,,                    

                 Series T [ii]                                                                             8,,                             8,,                   

                 Series V   [ii]                                                                          ,,                    5       ,,                    5

                 Series 23 [ii]                                                                            8,,                             8,,                   
                                                                                                                                      ,8                                   ,8




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       A 91




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 91                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    First Preferred Shares
                                    [i] The Series A First Preferred Shares are entitled to a quarterly cumulative dividend, at a floating rate equal to one quarter
                                    of 70% of the average prime rates quoted by two major Canadian chartered banks and are redeemable, at Power Financial’s
                                    option, at $2.00 per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends to the date fixed for redemption.

                                    [ii] The following First Preferred Shares series are entitled to non-cumulative preferential cash dividends payable quarterly.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Power Financial may redeem for cash the First Preferred Shares in whole or in part, at Power Financial’s option, with all
                                    declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The dividends and redemption terms are as
                                    follows:


 PART A
                                                                                                              Cash dividends                 Earliest issuer                                Redemption
                                    First Preferred Shares                                                  payable quarterly                redemption date                                     price
                                                                                                                     ($/share)                                                                  ($/share)

                                    Non-cumulative, fixed rate
                                      Series D, 5.5%                                                            .45                    Currently redeemable                                 5.

                                      Series E, 5.5%                                                            .85                    Currently redeemable                                 5.

                                      Series F, 5.%                                                            .685                    Currently redeemable                                 5.

                                      Series H, 5.5%                                                            .55                    Currently redeemable                                 5.

                                      Series K, 4.5%                                                            .5                    Currently redeemable                                 5.

                                      Series L, 5.%                                                            .85                    Currently redeemable                                 5.

                                      Series O, 5.8%                                                            .65                    Currently redeemable                                 5.

                                      Series R, 5.5%                                                            .45                    Currently redeemable                                 5.

                                      Series S, 4.8%                                                            .                    Currently redeemable                                 5.

                                      Series V, 5.5%                                                            .85                    Currently redeemable                                 6.

                                      Series 23, 4.5%                                                           .85                    January ,                                      6.

                                    Non-cumulative, 5-year rate reset       []


                                      Series P, .8% [2]                                                       .485                    January , 6                                     5.

                                      Series T, 4.5%                                                           .648                    January , 4                                     5.

                                    Non-cumulative, variable rate
                                      Series Q, 3-month Government
                                                of Canada Treasury Bill + 1.0% [2, 3]                              Variable                 Currently redeemable                                 5.5
                                    [] The dividend rate will reset on the earliest issuer redemption date and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the 5-year Government of Canada bond
                                        yield plus a reset spread (.6% for Series P and .% for Series T). The holders have the option to convert their shares into non-cumulative floating rate First
                                        Preferred Shares subject to certain conditions on the earliest redemption date and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the -month Government of
                                        Canada Treasury Bill rate plus the reset spread indicated.
                                    [] Pursuant to the terms of the Non-Cumulative -Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares, Series P (Series P shares) and the Non-Cumulative Floating Rate First
                                        Preferred Shares, Series Q (Series Q shares), on February 1, 2021, holders of 137,39 Series P shares elected to convert their shares into Series Q shares and
                                        holders of 29,70 Series Q shares elected to convert their shares into Series P shares on a one-for-one basis. The dividend rate for the Series P shares was reset
                                        to an annual fixed rate of 1.99% or $0.127 per share cash dividend payable quarterly.
                                    [] The holders have the option to convert their shares into Series P First Preferred Shares, subject to certain conditions, on the earliest redemption date and every
                                        fifth year thereafter. Power Financial may redeem for cash the Series Q shares, at Power Financial’s option, at $2.00 per share if redeemed on January 31, 202
                                        and on January 31 every five years thereafter, or $2.0 per share if redeemed at any other date.


                                    On October 1, 2021, Power Financial issued ,000,000 .0% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series 23 for gross
                                    proceeds of $200 million.

                                    On November 22, 2021, Power Financial redeemed all ,000,000 of its outstanding .00% Non-Cumulative First Preferred
                                    Shares, Series I for a total of $200 million.




                                          A 92                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 92                                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Non-IFRS Financial Measures

               NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
               This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these




                                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
               provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. The non-IFRS
               financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in this MD&A are defined as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
               Non-IFRS financial measure               Definition                                             Purpose

               Adjusted net earnings                    Net earnings excluding Adjustments.                    Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
                                                                                                               underlying operating performance to that of
                                                                                                               previous periods as it reflects management’s
                                                                                                               view of the operating performance of the
                                                                                                               Corporation and its subsidiaries, excluding
                                                                                                               items that are not considered to be part of the
                                                                                                               underlying business results.

                                                                                                               As a holding company, management reviews
                                                                                                               and assesses the performance of each
                                                                                                               operating company’s contribution to net
                                                                                                               earnings and adjusted net earnings.

                   Adjustments                          After-tax impact of any item that in                   Identifies items that are not considered part of
                                                        management’s judgment, including those                 operating performance by management,
                                                        identified by management of its publicly traded        including items identified by management of its
                                                        operating companies, would make the period-            publicly traded operating companies.
                                                        over-period comparison of results from
                                                        operations less meaningful.

                                                        Includes the Corporation’s share of Lifeco’s
                                                        impact of actuarial assumption changes and
                                                        other management actions, direct equity and
                                                        interest rate market impacts on insurance and
                                                        investment contract liabilities net of hedging,
                                                        and related deferred tax liabilities, as well as
                                                        items that management believes are not
                                                        indicative of the underlying business results
                                                        which include those identified by a subsidiary
                                                        or a jointly controlled corporation. Items that
                                                        management and management of its
                                                        subsidiaries believe are not indicative of the
                                                        underlying business results include
                                                        restructuring or reorganization costs,
                                                        integration costs related to business
                                                        acquisitions, material legal settlements,
                                                        material impairment charges, impact of
                                                        substantially enacted income tax rate changes
                                                        and other tax impairments, certain non-
                                                        recurring material items, and net gains, losses or
                                                        costs related to the disposition or acquisition of
                                                        a business.

               Adjusted net asset value                 Adjusted net asset value represents the fair           Presents the fair value of the participating
                                                        value of the participating shareholders’ equity        shareholders’ equity of the holding company
                                                        of Power Corporation. Adjusted net asset value         and is used to assist in assessing value.
                                                        is calculated as the fair value of the assets of the
                                                        combined Power Corporation and Power                   This measure may be used by investors and
                                                        Financial holding company less their net debt          analysts in determining or comparing the fair
                                                        and preferred shares.                                  value of investments held by the holding
                                                                                                               company or its overall fair value.
                                                        The investments held in publicly traded entities
                                                        (including Lifeco, IGM and GBL) are measured
                                                        at their market value and investments in private
                                                        entities and investment funds are measured at
                                                        management’s estimate of fair value.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      A 93




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 93                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Non-IFRS financial measure          Definition                                               Purpose

                                    Consolidated assets and assets     Consolidated assets and assets under                      Consolidated assets and assets under
                                    under management, and              management includes total assets per the                  management and Consolidated assets and
                                    Consolidated assets and assets     financial statements as well as assets managed            assets under administration provide an
                                    under administration               on behalf of clients which are beneficially               indicator of the size and volume of the




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                       owned by clients and are not recognized in the            Corporation’s consolidated businesses,
                                                                       consolidated financial statements including:              including the publicly traded operating
                                                                         Internally and externally managed funds,               companies and alternative asset investment
                                                                          including proprietary mutual funds, exchange-          platforms.
                                                                          traded funds and institutional assets, where           Consolidated assets and assets under

 PART A
                                                                          the Corporation’s publicly traded operating            administration includes assets in which the
                                                                          companies and alternative asset investment             Corporation’s consolidated publicly traded
                                                                          platforms have oversight of the investment             operating companies and investment
                                                                          policies; and                                          management services businesses only provide
                                                                                                                                 administration services, which are an important
                                                                         The fair value of assets managed on behalf of
                                                                                                                                 aspect of the overall business and should be
                                                                          the clients by asset managers controlled
                                                                                                                                 considered when comparing volumes, size and
                                                                          within the investment platforms, including
                                                                                                                                 trends.
                                                                          assets managed through a separately
                                                                          managed account.

                                                                       Services provided in respect of assets under
                                                                       management include the selection of
                                                                       investments, the provision of investment advice
                                                                       and discretionary portfolio management on
                                                                       behalf of clients.

                                                                       Consolidated assets and assets under
                                                                       administration includes consolidated assets
                                                                       under management and other assets under
                                                                       administration. Other assets under
                                                                       administration includes assets where the
                                                                       Corporation’s consolidated publicly traded
                                                                       operating companies and investment
                                                                       management services businesses only provide
                                                                       administration services for which they earn fees
                                                                       and other income. These assets are beneficially
                                                                       owned by the clients and the Corporation’s
                                                                       operating subsidiaries do not direct the
                                                                       investing activities. Services provided relating to
                                                                       assets under administration include record
                                                                       keeping, safekeeping, collecting investment
                                                                       income, settling of transactions or other
                                                                       administrative services.

                                    Fee-related earnings               Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard              This measure is presented for the alternative
                                    (of alternative asset investment   and Power Sustainable and includes revenues               asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power
                                    platforms)                         from management fees earned across all asset              Sustainable, and is used to assess the
                                                                       classes, less i) fee-related compensation                 profitability from their asset management
                                                                       including salary, bonus, and benefits, and                activities. This financial measure provides
                                                                       ii) operating expenses. Fee-related earnings is           insight as to whether recurring revenues from
                                                                       presented on a gross pre-tax basis, including             management fees, which are not based on
                                                                       non-controlling interests.                                future realization events, are sufficient to cover
                                                                       Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based              associated operating expenses.
                                                                       compensation expenses, ii) amortization of
                                                                       acquisition-related intangibles, iii) foreign
                                                                       exchange-related gains and losses, iv) net
                                                                       interest, and v) other items that in
                                                                       management’s judgment are not indicative of
                                                                       underlying operating performance of the
                                                                       alternative asset investment platforms, which
                                                                       include restructuring costs, transaction and
                                                                       integration costs related to business acquisitions
                                                                       and certain non-recurring material items.




                                         A 94                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 94                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Non-IFRS ratio                             Definition                                                        Purpose

               Adjusted net earnings per share            Earnings per share calculated using adjusted                      Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings on a
                                                          net earnings.                                                     per share basis; refer to “Adjusted net earnings”
                                                                                                                            definition above.
                                                          Adjusted net earnings divided by the weighted




                                                                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                          average number of participating shares
                                                          outstanding.

               Adjusted net asset value per               Adjusted net asset value calculated on a                          Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted
               share                                      per share basis.                                                  net asset value on a per share basis; refer to
                                                                                                                            “Adjusted net asset value” definition above.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
                                                          Adjusted net asset value divided by the number
                                                          of participating shares outstanding.



               These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used
               by other entities.

               RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES

               Adjusted Net Earnings
               The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
               in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
               Earnings”:
                                                                                                              Twelve months ended                              Three months ended
                                                                                                      December ,    December ,    December ,   September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                           

               Adjusted net earnings – Non-IFRS financial measure []                                       ,5           ,            4             4             66
               Share of Adjustments , net of tax
                                        [2]


                 Lifeco                                                                                          −            (8)             8               −            (8)
                 IGM                                                                                            8             (6)                             −               
                 Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                 ()           (5)               −              −            (5)
                 Corporate operations                                                                            −            ()               −              −                −
                                                                                                                ()          ()                            −            (5)
               Net earnings – IFRS financial measure       []
                                                                                                            ,           ,            486             4             66

               [] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
               [] Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more detail on Adjustments from Lifeco, IGM, Sagard and Power Sustainable, and corporate operations.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A 95




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 95                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Adjustments (Excluded from Adjusted Net Earnings)

                                    The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:
                                                                                                                              Twelve months ended                                         Three months ended
                                                                                                                    December ,       December ,        December ,         September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                      




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Lifeco []
                                      Actuarial assumption changes and other management
                                       actions (pre-tax)                                                                       5                                                     6             
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                        ()                     −                           ()

 PART A
                                      Market-related impacts on liabilities (pre-tax)                                         ()                                                   (6)            4
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       5                  ()                 (6)                6              ()
                                      Transaction costs related to acquisitions (pre-tax)                                     (46)              ()                   (4)                           (5)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                              −              4              
                                      Restructuring and integration charges (pre-tax)                                        (8)                (6)                (8)               ()           (4)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                       6                                                  4
                                      Tax legislative changes impact                                                                               −                                   −               −
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      (4)                                   −               −
                                      Net gain (loss) on business dispositions (pre-tax)                                         −                  ()                     −              −              ()
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       −                   −                      −              −               −
                                                                                                                                 −                (8)                 8                  −            ()
                                    Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) []                                                        −                  ()                     −              −              
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       −                   −                      −              −               −
                                                                                                                                 −                (8)                 8                  −            (8)
                                    IGM []
                                    Net gain on business dispositions (pre-tax)                                                  −                                         −              −              
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       −                  ()                     −              −              ()
                                                                                                                                 −                   5                      −              −              5
                                    Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) []                                                                      ()                                     −              ()
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                          −                                    −               −
                                                                                                                                 8                (6)                                    −              
                                    Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                      Remeasurements of Wealthsimple’s put right liability                                       −              ()                       −              −               −
                                      Impairment charges on direct investments in
                                        energy infrastructure (pre-tax)                                                       ()                ()                      −              −            ()
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                          4                      −              −              4
                                                                                                                              ()              (5)                       −              −            (5)
                                    Corporate operations
                                      Reorganization charges                                                                     −                ()                      −              −               −
                                                                                                                                ()             ()                                    −            (5)

                                    [] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                    [] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments
                                        under common control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM, which includes an allocation of the Adjustments related to the fintech portfolio based
                                        on their respective interest; iii) IGM’s share of Lifeco’s Adjustments, in accordance with the Corporation’s definition of Adjusted net earnings; and iv) adjustments
                                        in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM.




                                           A 96                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 96                                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



               Adjusted Net Asset Value
               The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to
               the adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted
               Net Asset Value”:
                                                                                                                                         December ,      December ,




                                                                                                                                                                             POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                             

               Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
                 Stated capital – participating shares                                                                                          ,486             ,6


                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
                 Retained earnings                                                                                                             ,            ,8
                 Reserves                                                                                                                       ,48             ,5
                                                                                                                                               ,            ,85

               Fair value adjustments     []


                 Lifeco                                                                                                                         ,68             8,4
                 IGM                                                                                                                            ,             ,5
                 GBL                                                                                                                             (6)           (,)
                 Alternative asset investment platforms                                                                                          6               58
                 ChinaAMC                                                                                                                        6               84
                 Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                     6               656
               Adjustments to Other liabilities []                                                                                               ()              ()
                                                                                                                                                4,8            ,
               Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                           ,6            5,58

               Per share []
               Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                  4.58             4.56
               Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                         4.             5.6

               [] Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value and other adjustments.
               [] Attributable to participating shareholders.




               Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Management and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                                               2021
               (In billions of dollars)                                                                 Q4      Q       Q      Q      Q        Q3      Q2        Q1

               Total consolidated assets per financial statements                                      4                6     66      645      65      6

                 Other assets under management                                                         5     4     4      545     55      55      54      5

               Total consolidated assets and assets under management                                  ,4   ,   ,    ,6   ,    ,8    ,5    ,44

                 Other assets under administration                                                    ,55   ,4   ,    ,4   ,    ,4    ,    ,66

               Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                              ,48   ,6   ,58    ,45   ,54    ,44    ,44    ,




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                          A 97




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 97                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A



                                    Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
                                    The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power
                                    Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
                                    financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
                                    Power Sustainable”.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           Twelve months ended                                         Three months ended
                                                                                                                 December ,       December ,        December ,         September ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                   

                                    Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of

 PART A
                                     Power Corporation - IFRS financial measure                                         ,               ,                 486                4            66
                                    Excluding:
                                      Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco                                          (,)            (,)                (65)              (45)          (5)
                                      Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                               (544)              (44)                (5)              (8)          (8)
                                      Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                 5               ()                 (48)                5             
                                      Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL                             (,6)            (,)                (8)              (55)          (66)
                                      Contribution to net earnings from the holding company             []
                                                                                                                          66                 8                   6                              6
                                    Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
                                     Investment Platforms and Other []                                                   (44)               56                 (85)               (4)            6
                                    Excluding:
                                      Investing activities                                                                                (66)                6                                
                                      Standalone businesses                                                                 68               (5)                                  ()           ()
                                    Contribution to net earnings from Asset Management Activities                          (8)                 45                   ()              ()            
                                    Adjustments:
                                    Sagard
                                      Non-controlling interests                                                            ()                   4                  ()               ()              −
                                      Loss from private wealth platform and other asset
                                        management activities                                                                                    5                                                  
                                      Net carried interest                                                                  6                 (6)                      6                          (4)
                                      Share-based compensation                                                                5                   4                                                  
                                      Depreciation and amortization on intangibles                                                               −                                    −               −
                                      Income taxes and other                                                                 ()                  5                  ()                −               −
                                    Power Sustainable
                                      Loss from development and asset management activities
                                        provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP                                  5                  ()                     4                             −
                                      Net performance fees and carried interest                                            ()                  (4)               ()                ()             ()
                                      Income taxes and other                                                                 ()                 ()                     −              −               −
                                                                                                                            8                 (86)                ()                 −            ()
                                    Fee-related earnings - Non-IFRS financial measure                                      (45)                (4)                ()               ()           (5)

                                    Sagard                                                                                   (4)                 (6)                 (5)               (3)             (1)

                                    Power Sustainable                                                                      (41)                (35)                (12)                (9)           (14)
                                    [] In the second quarter of 2022, an allocation of certain expenses is included in the Corporation’s other investing activities, which was previously presented in
                                        Power Sustainable. The comparative information has been restated to reflect these changes.




                                          A 98                                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 98                                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Other Measures

               This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:




                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Term                                    Definition

               Assets under management and             Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
               administration                          Group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                                       managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                                       consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and

                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
                                                       administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:

                 Assets under management               Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                 and advisement of IGM                 and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                                       institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                                       responsibilities.
                                                       Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products, including assets under
                                                       management where IGM provides investment management services, held within client accounts of
                                                       IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s operating companies.

                 Assets under management of            Assets under management of investment platforms include:
                 alternative asset investment           Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
                 platforms                               commitments and unused permanent leverage;
                                                        Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                                        Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                                          within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.

                 Assets under administration of        Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
                 Wealthsimple                          client assets in which investment management services are provided.

               Book value per participating            Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
               share                                   participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

               Ca rri e d in te re s t                 Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers
                                                       and the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns
                                                       over a predetermined hurdle return.

               Fee-bearing capital                     Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                                        Total capital commitments of venture capital & growth, private equity, and royalties funds during
                                                          the investment period;
                                                        Net invested capital of private credit funds and funds which have completed their investment
                                                          period;
                                                        Net asset value of Power Sustainable China, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including
                                                          direct investments in energy assets, and funds within the real estate platform;
                                                        Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separate accounts within the real
                                                          estate platform; and
                                                        Fair value of assets managed on behalf of clients by the wealth management platform.

               Market capitalization                   Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                                       in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.

               Net asset value reported by GBL         On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
                                                       assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio,
                                                       its gross cash and treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                                       GBL’s investments held in listed entities are measured at their market value and its investments in
                                                       private entities are measured using the recommendations of the International Private Equity and
                                                       Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines, which represents GBL management’s best estimate. Sienna
                                                       Investment Managers’ portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                                       provided by the fund managers with Sienna Investment Managers’ net cash, less its net debt.
                                                       For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                                       (www.gbl.be).

               Net asset va lue of in vestment         Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
               funds                                   net of any liabilities.

               Net carried interest                    Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                                       the vesting period.

               Unfunded commitments                    Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                                       some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions, which are recallable by the fund.




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      A 99




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 99                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Selected Annual Information

                                    For the years ended December 31                                                                                                                         
                                    Total revenues                                                                                                     48,65               6,56               64,66




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Consolidated assets and assets under management [in billions] []                                                   ,4                ,                ,4
                                    Consolidated assets and assets under administration [in billions] []                                               ,48                ,54                ,5
                                    Net earnings (attributable to participating shareholders)                                                            ,               ,                ,4
                                      per share – basic                                                                                                   .85                4.                 .8


 PART A
                                      per share – diluted                                                                                                 .8                4.                 .8
                                    Adjusted net earnings (attributable to participating shareholders) []                                               ,5               ,                ,88
                                      per share – basic []                                                                                               .85                4.                 .
                                    Consolidated assets                                                                                              ,65               66,6             6,4
                                    Total financial liabilities                                                                                       48,55                4,              8,5
                                    Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                                            64                   64                 56
                                    Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                                                4,                ,5              ,
                                    Shareholders’ equity                                                                                              4,                4,              ,
                                    Book value per participating share                                                                                 4.58                 4.56               .8
                                    Number of participating shares outstanding [millions]
                                      Participating preferred shares                                                                                      54.                54.                 54.
                                      Subordinate voting shares                                                                                          6.               6.8                6.4
                                    Dividends per share [declared]
                                      Participating shares                                                                                             .8               .85               .
                                      First preferred shares of Power Corporation
                                          19 Series [2]                                                                                                   −               .856               .4
                                          Series A                                                                                                     .4               .4               .4
                                          Series B                                                                                                     .5               .5               .5
                                          Series C                                                                                                     .45               .45               .45
                                          Series D                                                                                                     .5               .5               .5
                                          Series G                                                                                                     .4               .4               .4
                                      First preferred shares of Power Financial
                                          Series A [3]                                                                                                 .               .488               .48
                                          Series D                                                                                                     .5               .5               .5
                                          Series E                                                                                                     .5               .5               .5
                                          Series F                                                                                                     .45               .45               .45
                                          Series H                                                                                                     .45               .45               .45
                                          Series I []                                                                                                      −               .54               .5
                                          Series K                                                                                                     .5               .5               .5
                                          Series L                                                                                                     .5               .5               .5
                                          Series O                                                                                                     .45               .45               .45
                                          Series P []                                                                                                 .45               .45               .565
                                          Series Q []                                                                                                 .8               .4               .54
                                          Series R                                                                                                     .5               .5               .5
                                          Series S                                                                                                     .               .               .
                                          Series T                                                                                                     .58               .58               .58
                                          Series V                                                                                                     .85               .85               .85
                                          Series 23 [7]                                                                                                .5               .                    −
                                    [] Consolidated assets and assets under management, consolidated assets and assets under administration, adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings
                                        per share are non-IFRS financial measures. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in
                                        this MD&A. In the first quarter of 2021, the charge related to the remeasurement of the put right liability of certain of the non-controlling interests in
                                        Wealthsimple to fair value was presented as an Adjustment as these rights were extinguished at the close of the transaction and thereafter will not have future fair
                                        value changes. The related amounts in the comparative periods have been reclassified as an Adjustment to reflect this presentation.
                                    [] The 19 Series First Preferred Shares were entitled to a quarterly cumulative dividend at a floating rate equal to one quarter of 70% of the average prime
                                        rates quoted by two major Canadian chartered banks. The 19 Series First Preferred Shares were redeemed by the Corporation on January 1, 2022.
                                    [] The Series A First Preferred Shares are entitled to a quarterly cumulative dividend at a floating rate equal to one quarter of 70% of the average prime rates
                                        quoted by two major Canadian chartered banks.
                                    [4] Power Financial redeemed the Series I First Preferred Shares on November 22, 2021; a final dividend of $0.0901 was declared by Power Corporation for the
                                        period up to the date of redemption.
                                    [5] On January 31, 2021, the Series P First Preferred Shares were subject to a dividend rate reset for the five-year period from and including January 31, 2021. The
                                        dividend rate was reset to 1.99% or $0.127 per share in cash dividends payable quarterly.
                                    [6] The Series Q First Preferred Shares are entitled to an annual non-cumulative dividend, payable quarterly at a floating rate equal to the 3-month Government
                                        of Canada Treasury Bill rate plus 1.0%.
                                    [] The Series 23 First Preferred Shares were issued by Power Financial on October 1, 2021. An initial dividend of $0.332 was declared on November 10, 2021.




                                           A 100                                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 100                                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
               P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




               Summary of Quarterly Results

                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                     Q4                 Q       Q        Q          Q4            Q           Q           Q




                                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               Total revenues []                                              5,85          ,45         ,5    ,8    ,45       8,584        ,8       ,84
               Consolidated assets and assets under
                 management [in billions] []                                    ,4           ,         ,     ,6     ,         ,8        ,5        ,44


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
               Consolidated assets and assets under
                 administration [in billions] [2]                                ,48           ,6         ,58     ,45     ,54         ,44        ,44        ,
               Net earnings (attributable to participating
                 shareholders)                                                     486             4          5       48        66           4          4          556
                 per share – basic                                                 .            .6         .8      .       .         .          .4         .8
                 per share – diluted                                               .            .6         .6      .       .         .8          .46         .8
               Adjusted net earnings (attributable to
                 participating shareholders) [2]                                   4             4          584       55        66           48        ,          86
                 per share – basic []                                             .5            .6         .8      .6       .         .          .5         .6
               Adjustments [, ]                                                                      −       (5)      ()       (5)           ()         (6)        ()
                 per share – basic []                                             .4                  −     (.)    (.5)     (.)        (.)       (.4)       (.4)
               [] Comparative figures for 2022 have been adjusted to reflect a reclassification of the fair value changes of certain derivative contracts. This reclassification had
                   no impact on net earnings.
               [] Consolidated assets and assets under management, consolidated assets and assets under administration, adjusted net earnings attributable to participating
                   shareholders and adjusted net earnings per share, and adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial measures. For a definition of these non-
                   IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
               [] The Corporation’s share of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s Adjustments, including the effect of consolidation, and Adjustments of the
                   Corporation are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                     Q4                Q        Q        Q          Q4            Q           Q            Q

                   Lifeco
                     Pre-tax                                                         6                (4)     (8)      ()         (4)           ()          ()         (8)
                     Tax effect                                                                      4                 6                                  (8)            6
                                                                                     8                  −      (6)      (6)         (8)           6          (5)          ()
                   IGM
                     Pre-tax                                                                            −        6        ()           5             −           ()         ()
                     Tax effect                                                                         −        −         −           ()            −            −           ()
                                                                                                        −        6        ()                        −           ()         (8)
                   Sagard and Power Sustainable
                     Pre-tax                                                           −                 −        −       ()         ()            −            −        ()
                     Tax effect                                                        −                 −        −                     4             −            −             −
                                                                                       −                 −        −       ()         (5)            −            −        ()
                   Corporate operations
                     Pre-tax                                                           −                 −        −         −            −          ()            −             −
                     Tax effect                                                        −                 −        −         −            −             −            −             −
                                                                                       −                 −        −         −            −          ()            −             −

                                                                                                       −      (5)      ()         (5)           ()        (6)        ()




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A 101




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 101                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
 PART A




                                    Page intentionally left blank.




                                    A 102                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 102                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


              Consolidated Balance Sheets




                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                         December ,   December ,
              [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                           

              Assets
              Cash and cash equivalents [Note ]                                                              9,          9,9

                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
              Investments [Note ]
                 Bonds                                                                                      9,9        ,9
                 Mortgage and other loans                                                                    ,         ,
                 Shares                                                                                      ,         ,
                 Investment properties                                                                        ,          ,
                 Loans to policyholders                                                                       ,          ,9
                                                                                                            ,        ,
              Funds held by ceding insurers [Note ]                                                         ,         ,9
              Reinsurance assets [Note ]                                                                   ,         ,
              Derivative financial instruments [Note ]                                                      ,          ,9
              Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note ]                          ,          ,
              Owner-occupied properties and capital assets [Note ]                                           ,9          ,
              Other assets [Note 9]                                                                          ,         ,
              Deferred tax assets [Note ]                                                                   ,          ,
              Intangible assets [Note ]                                                                     ,9          ,
              Goodwill [Note ]                                                                             ,         ,9
              Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note ]                             ,9        ,9
              Total assets                                                                                  ,        ,

              Liabilities
              Insurance contract liabilities [Note ]                                                      ,        ,
              Investment contract liabilities [Note ]                                                      ,         ,
              Obligations to securitization entities [Note ]                                                ,          ,
              Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments [Note ]                                           
              Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note ]                                   ,         ,
              Funds held under reinsurance contracts                                                          ,          ,
              Derivative financial instruments [Note ]                                                      ,          ,
              Other liabilities [Note ]                                                                    ,         ,
              Deferred tax liabilities [Note ]                                                              ,          ,9
              Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note ]      ,9        ,9
              Total liabilities                                                                             9,        ,9

              Equity
              Stated capital [Note ]
                Non-participating shares                                                                        9            9
                Participating shares                                                                          9,          9,
              Retained earnings                                                                              ,         ,
              Reserves                                                                                        ,          ,9
              Total shareholders’ equity                                                                     ,         ,9
              Non-controlling interests [Note ]                                                            ,         9,9
              To tal equity                                                                                  ,         ,
              Total liabilities and equity                                                                  ,        ,



              Approved by the Board of Directors



              Signed,                                                       Signed,
              Siim A. Vanaselja                                             R. Jeffrey Orr
              Director                                                      Director




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                       A 103




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 103                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Consolidated Statements of Earnings


                                    For the years ended December 




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    [in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                                                         

                                    Revenues
                                    Premium income
                                      Gross premiums written [Note ]                                                                                         ,9     ,


 PART A
                                      Ceded premiums                                                                                                          (,9)     (,)
                                    Total net premiums                                                                                                        ,9      ,9
                                    Net investment income [Note ]
                                      Regular net investment income                                                                                             ,      ,
                                      Change in fair value through profit or loss                                                                             (,9)    (,)
                                    Net investment income (loss)                                                                                              (,)     ,


                                    Fee income                                                                                                                ,      ,9
                                    Other revenues                                                                                                                        9
                                    Total revenues                                                                                                            ,9      9,


                                    Expenses
                                    Policyholder benefits
                                      Gross [Note ]                                                                                                         ,      9,
                                      Ceded                                                                                                                    (,)     (,)
                                    Total net policyholder benefits                                                                                           ,9      ,
                                    Changes in insurance and investment contract liabilities
                                      Gross                                                                                                                   (,)     ,
                                      Ceded                                                                                                                     (,)    ,9
                                    Total net changes in insurance and investment contract liabilities                                                        (,)     ,
                                    Policyholder dividends and experience refunds                                                                               ,      ,
                                    Total paid or credited to policyholders                                                                                   9,      ,9
                                    Commissions                                                                                                                ,9       ,9
                                    Operating and administrative expenses [Note ]                                                                           ,      ,
                                    Financing charges [Note ]                                                                                                           99
                                    Total expenses                                                                                                            ,      ,9
                                    Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates, and income taxes                             ,      ,
                                    Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note ]                           ()      9
                                    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                ,      ,
                                    Income taxes [Note ]                                                                                                                
                                    Net earnings                                                                                                                ,      ,


                                    Attributable to
                                      Non-controlling interests [Note ]                                                                                       ,      ,
                                      Non-participating shareholders                                                                                                        
                                      Participating shareholders                                                                                                ,9      ,9
                                                                                                                                                                ,      ,


                                    Earnings per participating share [Note 9]
                                      Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
                                      – Basic                                                                                                                    .       .
                                      – Diluted                                                                                                                  .       .




                                          A 104                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 104                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income


              For the years ended December 




                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                   


              Net earnings                                                                             ,          ,

              Other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                                              PART A
                Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments
                   Unrealized gains (losses)                                                           (,9)            ()
                   Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                          
                   Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                 (9)
                   Income tax expense (benefit)                                                            ()             
                                                                                                        ()             ()
                 Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
                   Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                              
                   Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             –              ()
                   Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                    ()
                   Income tax expense (benefit)                                                             –               
                                                                                                                          
                 Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations
                   Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                              99              ()
                   Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             ()
                   Unrealized gains (losses) on euro debt designated as hedge of net investments
                      in foreign operations                                                                             
                   Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                          ()
                                                                                                                       ()
                 Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
                   in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                    (99)              ()
                 Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                               ()
                                                                                                        (9)              ()

                 Total – items that may be reclassified                                                (,)            (9)

                 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                 Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans [Note ]                                            9
                 Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           ()             ()
                 Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
                    in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                      
                 Total – items that will not be reclassified                                                           

              Other comprehensive loss                                                                  ()             (9)

              Comprehensive income                                                                     ,          ,


              Attributable to
                Non-controlling interests                                                              ,          ,
                Non-participating shareholders                                                                         
                Participating shareholders                                                             ,          ,9
                                                                                                       ,          ,




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                 A 105




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 105                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity


                                                                                        Stated capital                                                         Reserves




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    For the year ended                                                                                         Other
                                    December ,                            Non-                                                   comprehensive                              Non-
                                                                        participating    Participating   Retained      Share-based           income                         controlling     Total
                                    [in millions of Canadian dollars]          shares           shares   earnings    compensation          [Note ]                Total     interests    equity




 PART A
                                    Balance, beginning of year                 9            9,      ,               9               ,9              ,9      9,9      ,
                                    Net earnings                                   –                 –    ,9                    –                –                 –        ,       ,
                                    Other comprehensive loss                       –                 –        –                    –             ()             ()           ()      ()
                                    Comprehensive income                           –                 –    ,9                    –             ()             ()       ,       ,

                                    Subordinate voting shares
                                       purchased and cancelled under
                                       Normal Course Issuer Bid
                                       [Note ]                                   –            (9)       ()                  –                  –                –             –      ()
                                    Repurchase of shares of the
                                       Corporation for cancellation               ()                –          –                  –                  –                –             –         ()
                                    Dividends to shareholders
                                       Non-participating shares                    –                 –        ()                 –                  –                –             –        ()
                                       Participating shares                        –                 –    (,)                  –                  –                –             –    (,)
                                    Dividends to non-controlling
                                       interests                                   –                 –          –                  –                  –                –         (9)      (9)
                                    Expense for share-based
                                       compensation [Note 9]                      –               –            –                                   –                          9       
                                    Stock options exercised                        –                          –              (9)                   –              (9)                  
                                    Reclassification of options as
                                       cash-settled share-based
                                       payments [Note 9]                          –                 –       ()              (9)                   –              (9)            –       (9)
                                    Effects of changes in
                                       capital and ownership of
                                       subsidiaries, and other                     –                 –         9                                                                       
                                    Balance, end of year                       9            9,      ,                              ,              ,      ,      ,




                                           A 106                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 106                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (continued)


                                                                           Stated capital                                                   Reserves




                                                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              For the year ended                                                                                                    Other
              December ,                                   Non-                                                       comprehensive                    Non-
                                                         participating      Participating     Retained        Share-based         income               controlling      Total
               [in millions of Canadian dollars]                shares             shares     earnings      compensation        [Note ]      Total     interests     equity




                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
              Balance, beginning of year                          9            9,           ,              9            ,     ,       ,      ,
              Net earnings                                             –                –        ,99                  –              –         –        ,       ,
              Other comprehensive income (loss)                        –                –            –                  –           ()     ()                  (9)
              Comprehensive income                                     –                –        ,99                  –           ()     ()       ,       ,

              Subordinate voting shares
                 purchased and cancelled under
                 Normal Course Issuer Bid
                 [Note ]                                             –             ()            (9)               –               –          –            –         ()
              Repurchase of shares of the
                 Corporation for cancellation                        ()                –              –                –               –          –            –           ()
              Dividends to shareholders
                 Non-participating shares                              –                –           ()                –               –          –            –         ()
                 Participating shares                                  –                –       (,)                 –               –          –            –     (,)
              Dividends to non-controlling
                 interests                                             –                –              –                –               –          –        (9)         (9)
              Expense for share-based
                 compensation [Note 9]                                –             –                 –                              –                              99
              Stock options exercised                                  –                            –             ()               –       ()                     9
              Issue of Limited Recourse Capital
                 Notes by Lifeco [Note ]                             –                –              –                –               –          –      ,       ,
              Effects of changes in capital and
                 ownership on interest in
                 Wealthsimple [Note ]                                –                –            9            9                 –      9                 ,
              Other effects of changes in
                 capital and ownership of
                 subsidiaries, and other                               –                –            (9)                                                         
              Balance, end of year                                9            9,         ,               9            ,9     ,9       9,9      ,




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                A 1 07




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 107                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                    For the years ended December 
                                    [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                                             
                                    Operating activities




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                ,                 ,
                                    Income tax paid, net of refunds                                                                                                              ()                 (9)
                                    Adjusting items
                                      Change in insurance and investment contract liabilities                                                                                (,)                 ,9


 PART A
                                       Change in funds held by ceding insurers                                                                                                   (9)                  
                                       Change in reinsurance assets                                                                                                             ,                 ,9
                                       Change in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                            ,9                  ,
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                         ()
                                                                                                                                                                                ,               ,
                                    Financing activities
                                    Dividends paid
                                       By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                                                              (9)                 (9)
                                       Non-participating shares                                                                                                                    ()                  ()
                                       Participating shares                                                                                                                    (,)               (,)
                                                                                                                                                                               (,)               (,)
                                    Issue of equity
                                       Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note ]                                                                                                               9
                                       Subsidiaries’ common and preferred shares                                                                                                                     99
                                       Subsidiary’s limited recourse capital notes [Note ]                                                                                       –                  ,
                                    Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                                 
                                    Repurchase or redemption of equity
                                       Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under normal course issuer bid [Note ]                                         ()                 ()
                                       Corporation’s non-participating shares                                                                                                       ()                   ()
                                      Subsidiaries’ common and preferred shares                                                                                                  ()                 (9)
                                    Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                              ()                ()
                                    Disposition of equity interests in a subsidiary [Note ]                                                                                        –                  
                                    Corporation’s decrease in other debt instruments [Note ]                                                                                       –                 ()
                                    Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note ]
                                       Issuance of senior bonds                                                                                                                  9                       –
                                       Increase in other debt instruments []                                                                                                   ,                   9
                                       Decrease in other debt instruments []                                                                                                    ()               (,)
                                    Repayment of lease liabilities [Note ]                                                                                                     (9)                 ()
                                    Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                          ,                 ,9
                                    Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                             (,)               (,)
                                                                                                                                                                                 (9)                 (9)
                                    Investment activities
                                    Dispositions, repayments or maturities
                                       Bonds                                                                                                                                  ,                ,
                                       Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                                ,                  ,
                                       Shares                                                                                                                                   ,                 9,
                                      Investment properties                                                                                                                                            
                                    Change in loans to policyholders                                                                                                             ()                   
                                    Acquisitions or investments
                                      Bonds                                                                                                                                  (,)              (,9)
                                       Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                                (,9)               (,)
                                       Shares                                                                                                                                  (,9)               (9,)
                                       Jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                                            ()                 ()
                                       Investment properties                                                                                                                     ()                 (9)
                                    Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired [Note ]                                                                  (,)                 ()
                                    Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                          ()                 ()
                                                                                                                                                                               (,9)             (,9)
                                    Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 ()
                                    Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              9                 ()
                                    Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                9,9               ,
                                    Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                                                      9,                 9,9

                                    Net cash from operating activities includes
                                    Interest and dividends received                                                                                                             ,                 ,
                                    Interest paid                                                                                                                                                    
                                    [] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current year's presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the equity or net
                                        earnings of the Corporation.



                                           A 108                                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 108                                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

              (ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.)




                                                                                                                                                                                              POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              Note        Corporate Information                                                    Note        Other Liabilities                                               
              Note        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant                            Note        Income Taxes                                                    
                           Accounting Policies                                                      Note        Stated Capital                                                  
              Note        Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions                             Note 9       Share-Based Compensation                                        


                                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
              Note        Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                Note        Non-Controlling Interests                                       
              Note        Investments                                                              Note        Capital Management                                              
              Note        Funds Held by Ceding Insurers                                            Note        Risk Management                                                 
              Note        Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                              Note        Operating and Administrative Expenses                           9
                           and Associates                                                
                                                                                                       Note        Financing Charges                                               9
              Note        Owner-Occupied Properties and Capital Assets                  
                                                                                                       Note        Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits                9
              Note 9       Other Assets                                                  
                                                                                                       Note        Derivative Financial Instruments                                9
              Note       Goodwill and Intangible Assets                                
                                                                                                       Note        Fair Value Measurement                                          
              Note       Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities                
                                                                                                       Note        Other Comprehensive Income                                      
              Note       Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities                 9
                                                                                                       Note 9       Earnings Per Share                                              
              Note       Obligations to Securitization Entities                        
                                                                                                       Note        Related Parties                                                 
              Note       Power Corporation’s Debentures and
                           Other Debt Instruments                                                   Note        Contingent Liabilities                                          
              Note       Non-Recourse Debentures and                                                 Note        Commitments and Guarantees                                      
                           Other Debt Instruments                                                   Note        Segmented Information                                           9



              The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

              Ark Life                          Ark Life Assurance Company dac                            Pargesa                         Pargesa SA

              CALM                              Canadian Asset Liability Method                           Parjointco                      Parjointco SA
              Canada Life                       The Canada Life Assurance Company                         Personal Capital                Personal Capital Corporation
              ChinaAMC                          China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                          Portage Ventures I              Portag Ventures Limited Partnership

              Empower                           Empower Annuity Insurance Company of                      Portage Ventures II             Portag Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                                 America (formerly Great-West Life &
                                                 Annuity Insurance Company)                               Portage Ventures III            Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership

              GBL                               Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                  Potentia                        Potentia Renewables Inc.

              IFRS                              International Financial Reporting Standards               Power Corporation or            Power Corporation of Canada
                                                                                                           the Corporation
              IGM or IGM Financial              IGM Financial Inc.
                                                                                                          Power Financial                 Power Financial Corporation
              IG Wealth Management              Investors Group Inc.
                                                                                                          Power Sustainable               Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
              Irish Life                        Irish Life Group Limited
                                                                                                          Power Sustainable Energy        Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
              Lifeco                            Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                     Infrastructure                   Partnership

              Lion                              The Lion Electric Co.                                     Prudential                      Prudential Financial, Inc.
              LMPG                              LMPG Inc.                                                 Putnam                          Putnam Investments, LLC
              Mackenzie or                      Mackenzie Financial Corporation                           Sagard                          Sagard Holdings Inc.
               Mackenzie Investments
                                                                                                          TSX                             Toronto Stock Exchange
              MassMutual                        Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
                                                                                                          Wealthsimple                    Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
              Northleaf                         Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
              OSFI                              Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                                  Institutions




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        A 109




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 109                                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 1        Corporate Information

                                    Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
                                    and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North
                                    America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment
                                    businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.

 PART A                             The Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and for the year ended
                                    December 31, 2022 were approved by its Board of Directors on March 16, 2023.




                                    NOTE 2        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

                                    BASIS OF PRESENTATION

                                    The financial statements of Power Corporation as at December 31, 2022 have been prepared in accordance with
                                    International Financial Reporting Standards.

                                    The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
                                    elimination of intercompany transactions and balances, and consolidation adjustments.

                                    The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
                                    issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Lifeco and IGM Financial, which are both public companies. The
                                    amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements of
                                    earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
                                    statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements
                                    of cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial,
                                    all as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial statements are derived
                                    from the notes to the financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial.

                                    SUBSIDIARIES
                                    Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
                                    over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
                                    returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
                                    being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
                                    The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
                                    or more of the elements of control listed above.

                                    JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                    Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant
                                    activities. Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and
                                    financial policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are
                                    accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings
                                    (losses) and other comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.

                                    In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a
                                    venture capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled
                                    corporations and associates at fair value through profit or loss.




                                         A 110                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 110                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2           Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

              PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
              The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and




                                                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:

                                                                                                                                                         % equity interest
                                                                                                                                                  December 31,     December 31,


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
              Corporation                                         Classification       Incorporated in   Primary business operation                     2022             2021

              Holding company
              Power Corporation of Canada                         Parent               Canada            Holding company
                China Asset Management Co., Ltd. [1][2]           Associate            China             Asset management company                         27.8                27.8
              Power Financial Corporation                         Subsidiary           Canada            Holding company                                 100.0               100.0

              Publicly traded companies
              Great-West Lifeco Inc. [2][3]                       Subsidiary           Canada            Financial services holding company               70.6                70.7
                The Canada Life Assurance Company                 Subsidiary           Canada            Insurance and wealth management                 100.0               100.0
                 Irish Life Group Limited                         Subsidiary           Ireland           Insurance and wealth management                 100.0               100.0
                 Empower Annuity Insurance                        Subsidiary           United States     Financial services                              100.0               100.0
                     Company of America [4]
                 Putnam Investments, LLC [5]                      Subsidiary           United States     Asset management company                         96.4                96.2
              IGM Financial Inc. [6]                              Subsidiary           Canada            Wealth and asset management                      66.1                65.6
                IG Wealth Management                              Subsidiary           Canada            Financial services                              100.0               100.0
                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                  Subsidiary           Canada            Asset management company                        100.0               100.0
                   Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. [7]               Associate            Canada            Alternative asset manager                        70.0                70.0
              Parjointco SA                                       Joint control        Belgium           Holding company                                  50.0                50.0
                    Groupe Bruxelles Lambert [8]                  Subsidiary           Belgium           Holding company                                  29.8                29.1

              Alternative asset investment platforms
                 and other
              Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                      Subsidiary           Canada            Alternative asset manager                       100.0               100.0
                 Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure          Subsidiary           Canada            Renewable energy fund                            54.3                55.0
                   Partnership [9]
                 Potentia Renewables Inc.                         Subsidiary           Canada            Renewable energy                                100.0               100.0
                 Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                       Subsidiary           United States     Renewable energy                                100.0               100.0
              Sagard Holdings Inc.                                Subsidiary           Canada            Holding company                                 100.0               100.0
                Sagard Holdings Management Inc. [10]              Subsidiary           Canada            Alternative asset manager                        87.8                92.9
                 Wealthsimple Financial Corp. [11]                Subsidiary           Canada            Financial services                               54.3                54.8
                 Portag3 Ventures LP [12]                         Subsidiary           Canada            Venture capital fund                            100.0               100.0
                 Portag3 Ventures II LP [13]                      Subsidiary           Canada            Venture capital fund                             27.9                27.9
                 Portage Ventures III LP [14]                     Subsidiary           Canada            Venture capital fund                             15.4                17.6
                 Sagard NewGen                                    Subsidiary           France            Private equity fund                              26.3                51.6
              Standalone Businesses
                 LMPG Inc.                                        Subsidiary           Canada            Sustainable energy                               49.6                54.4
                 Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                  Joint control        Canada            Manufacturer of sports equipment                 42.6                42.6
                                                                                                           and apparel
                 The Lion Electric Co.                            Associate            Canada            Manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles           35.4                35.4
                [1] Power Corporation and Mackenzie Investments each hold an equity interest of .% in ChinaAMC.
                [2] On January , , subsequent to year-end, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction under which the interest in ChinaAMC was combined at
                    IGM Financial. In a separate agreement, IGM sold approximately . million common shares of Lifeco, representing a .% equity interest in Lifeco, to Power
                    Financial (Note ).
                [3] Power Financial holds a .% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a .% equity interest in Lifeco (.% and .%, respectively, at December , ).
                [4] On August , , Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company changed its legal name to Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America.
                [5] Lifeco holds % of the voting shares and .% of the total outstanding shares (.% at December , ).
                [6] Power Financial holds a .% equity interest and Canada Life holds a .% equity interest in IGM Financial (.% and .%, respectively, at December ,
                    ).
                [7] Represents a .% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle % owned by Mackenzie Investments and % by Lifeco.
                [8] Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds a .% voting interest (.% at December , ).
                [9] Power Corporation holds a .% equity interest and Lifeco holds a .% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (% and
                    %, respectively, at December , ).
              [10] Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of .% and .%, respectively, in Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (.% and .%, respectively,
                    at December , ).
              [11] Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of .%, .% and .%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (.%, .% and
                    .%, respectively, at December , ).
              [12] Power Financial holds a .% equity interest and Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of .% in Portage Ventures I.
              [13] Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of .% and Sagard holds a .% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
              [14] Sagard, Lifeco and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of .%, .% and .%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III (.%, .% and .%, respectively, at
                    December , ).




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A 111




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 111                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

                                    CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    The Corporation adopted the amendment to IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, effective
                                    January 1, 2022, which specifies which costs should be included when assessing whether a contract will be loss-making. The
                                    adoption of this amendment did not have a significant impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.


 PART A
                                    IMPACT OF COVID-19 AND THE CONFLICT BETWEEN RUSSIA AND UKRAINE ON SIGNIFICANT
                                    JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

                                    The COVID-1 pandemic has continued to result in uncertainty in global financial markets and the economic environment
                                    in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate. The duration and impact of the COVID-1 pandemic continues to be
                                    unknown at this time, as is the efficacy of the associated fiscal and monetary interventions by governments and central
                                    banks.

                                    Global financial markets continued to be volatile during 2022, in part due to Russia's military invasion of Ukraine and the
                                    related sanctions and economic fallout. The Corporation and its subsidiaries continue to monitor potential impacts of the
                                    conflict, including financial impacts, heightened cyber risks, and risks related to the global supply chain.

                                    The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the management of the Corporation and management of its
                                    subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global credit, equities, investment properties,
                                    foreign exchange and inflation, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality experience market
                                    conditions.

                                    The provision for future credit losses within Lifeco’s insurance contract liabilities relies upon investment credit ratings. In
                                    addition to its own credit assessments, Lifeco’s practice is to use third-party independent credit ratings where available.
                                    Management judgment is required when setting credit ratings for instruments that do not have a third-party credit rating.
                                    Given rapid market changes, third-party credit rating changes may lag developments in the current environment.

                                    The fair value of investments, the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, the valuation of insurance contract
                                    liabilities and the recoverability of deferred tax asset carrying values reflect the judgments of the managements of the
                                    Corporation and of its subsidiaries.

                                    Given the uncertainty surrounding the current environment, the actual financial results could differ from the estimates made
                                    in the preparation of these financial statements.




                                         A 112                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 112                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2            Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

              USE OF SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS




                                                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
              required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
              net earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where
              significant judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and the management of its subsidiaries are

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
              listed below and are discussed throughout the notes in these financial statements, including:

                Item or balance          Applied by                Key judgments or estimates                                                            Corresponding
                affected by judgments                                                                                                                           note(s)
                or estimates

                Evaluation               Management of             Determining if the Corporation has the ability to direct the relevant activities of              
                of control               the Corporation           the subsidiaries, including investment funds or other structured entities, in
                                         and of its                order to derive variable returns. Judgment is exercised in evaluating the
                                         subsidiaries              variable returns and in determining the extent to which the Corporation has
                                                                   the ability to exercise power to affect variable returns.
                                                                   Determining whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent when the
                                                                   Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the
                                                                   fund. The Corporation determines that it is a principal when it has sufficient
                                                                   capital invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of
                                                                   the decisions of the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager.
                                                                   Judgment is used in determining the sufficiency of the variability of returns and
                                                                   overall aggregate economic interest. In making these judgments, the
                                                                   Corporation considers the rights held by other investors, including their ability
                                                                   to remove the fund manager.


                Fair value of assets     Management of             Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a                       
                acquired and             the Corporation           business combination requires judgment.
                liabilities assumed      and of its
                                         subsidiaries


                Evaluation of            Management of             Determining if the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s                 
                significant influence    the Corporation           operating and financing policies, or if unanimous consent is required for
                and joint control        and of its                decisions relating to relevant activities.
                                         subsidiaries


                Classification of        Management of             Determining whether arrangements should be accounted for as insurance,                         
                insurance and            Lifeco                    investment or service contracts.
                reinsurance
                contracts


                Valuation of             Management of             Determining the actuarial assumptions, including interest rates, inflation,                    
                insurance and            Lifeco                    policyholder behaviour, mortality and morbidity of policyholders.
                certain investment
                contract liabilities
                in accordance
                with CALM


                Provision for future     Management of             The provision for future credit losses within insurance contract liabilities is                
                credit losses within     Lifeco                    based on investment credit ratings. Lifeco’s practice is to use third-party
                certain insurance                                  independent credit ratings where available. Judgment is required when
                contract liabilities                               setting credit ratings for instruments that do not have a third-party rating.



                Fair value of            Management of             Determining fair value inputs to establish the fair value of financial                         
                financial                the Corporation           instruments, particularly those items categorized within Level  of the fair
                instruments              and of its                value hierarchy.
                                         subsidiaries




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                        A 113




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 113                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2           Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)


                                     Item or balance           Ap plied b y      Key judgments or estimates                                                         Corresponding
                                     a ffected b y judgments                                                                                                               note(s)




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                     or estimates

                                     Fair value of             Management of     Internal valuation models are used to determine the fair value of equity-release               
                                     equity-release            Lifeco            mortgages. These valuations are adjusted by applying management
                                     mortgages                                   judgments and estimates for material changes in projected asset cash flows

 PART A
                                                                                 and discount rates.


                                     Fair value of             Management of     Independent qualified appraisal services are used to determine the fair value                  
                                     investment                Lifeco            of investment properties, which use assumptions that include judgments and
                                     properties                                  estimates. These appraisals are adjusted by applying management’s
                                                                                 judgments and estimates for material changes in property cash flows, capital
                                                                                 expenditures or general market conditions.


                                     Initial recognition       Management of     Evaluating the synergies and future benefits in business combinations for                  , 
                                     and measurement           the Corporation   initial recognition and measurement of goodwill and intangible assets as well
                                     of goodwill and           and of its        as determining the recoverable amount.
                                     intangible assets, as     subsidiaries      The determination of the recoverable amount of the cash generating units (to
                                     well as subsequent                          which goodwill and intangible assets are assigned) relies upon valuation
                                     measurement                                 methodologies that require the use of estimates.


                                     Determination of          Management of     Determining the cash generating unit groupings as the lowest level at which                  
                                     cash generating           the Corporation   the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes.
                                     unit groupings            and of its
                                                               subsidiaries


                                     Measurement of the        Management of     Determining the actuarial assumptions used to determine the expense for the                  
                                     pension plans             the Corporation   current year and defined benefit obligations for pension plans and other post-
                                     and other post-           and of its        employment benefits. In evaluating the assumptions to be used, management
                                     employment benefit        subsidiaries      reviews the previous experience of related plan members and market
                                     obligations                                 conditions, including interest rates and inflation rates.


                                     Recognition and           Management of     Interpreting the relevant tax laws, regulations and legislation where the                    
                                     measurement of tax        the Corporation   Corporation and its subsidiaries operate to determine the tax provisions and
                                     provisions and tax        and of its        the carrying amounts of the tax assets and liabilities.
                                     assets and liabilities    subsidiaries


                                     Recoverability of         Management of     Assessing the recoverability of the deferred tax asset carrying values based on              
                                     deferred tax asset        the Corporation   future years’ taxable income projections.
                                     carrying values           and of its
                                                               subsidiaries


                                     Recognition and           Management of     Assessing whether a past event will result in a probable outflow of economic                 
                                     measurement of            the Corporation   resources to settle the obligation.
                                     legal and other           and of its        Judgment is used in evaluating the possible outcomes and risks to determine
                                     provisions                subsidiaries      the best estimate of the provision at the balance sheet date.


                                     Derecognition of          Management of     Determining whether securitized mortgages are derecognized requires                          
                                     securitization            IGM               judgment with respect to the extent to which the risks and rewards of
                                     mortgages                                   ownership are transferred.


                                     Classification of         Management of     Determining if purchases and sales of portfolio investments are long term in                 n/a
                                     purchases and sales       the Corporation   nature, which would result in recording them within investment activities in
                                     of portfolio              and of its        the consolidated statements of cash flows.
                                     investments in the        subsidiaries
                                     statements of cash
                                     flows




                                          A 114                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 114                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2           Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)


                Item or balance           Ap plied b y             Key judgments or estimates                                                           Corresponding
                a ffected b y judgments                                                                                                                        note(s)




                                                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                or estimates

                Classification of         Management of            Determining whether Lifeco retains the primary obligation with a client in sub-                n/a
                revenues and              Lifeco                   advisor arrangements. Where Lifeco retains the primary obligation to the client,
                expenses in                                        revenues and expenses are recorded on a gross basis.

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
                sub-advisor
                arrangements


                Deferred selling          Management of            Determining whether the client or the fund is the customer, as well as the                       9
                commissions               IGM                      assessment of the recoverability of the deferred selling commissions.


                Deferred acquisition      Management of            Determining whether deferred acquisition costs can be recognized on the                          9
                costs                     Lifeco                   consolidated balance sheets. Deferred acquisition costs are recognized if
                                                                   Lifeco’s management determines the costs meet the definition of an asset and
                                                                   are incremental and related to the issuance of the investment contract.


                Classification of non-    Management of            Determining if non-controlling interests in funds are classified as liabilities or             
                controlling interests     the Corporation          equity depends on whether an obligation exists to distribute residual net
                in limited-life fund      and of its               assets to non-controlling interests in the form of cash or another financial asset
                units and                 subsidiaries             or assets delivered in kind.
                redeemable fund                                    Judgment is used to determine what the governing documents of each entity
                units                                              require or permit in this regard.




              SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

              REVENUE RECOGNITION
              Interest income is accounted for on an accrual basis using the effective interest method for bonds and mortgage and other
              loans measured at amortized cost. Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established. This is
              the ex-dividend date for listed shares and usually the notification date or date when the shareholders have approved the
              dividend for private equity instruments. Interest income and dividend income are recorded in net investment income in the
              statements of earnings.

              Lifeco
              Premiums for all types of insurance contracts and contracts with limited mortality or morbidity risk are generally recognized
              as revenue when due and collection is reasonably assured.

              Investment property income includes rents earned from tenants under lease agreements and property tax and operating
              cost recoveries. Leases with contractual rent increases and rent-free periods are recognized on a straight-line basis over the
              term of the lease. Investment property income is included in net investment income in the statements of earnings.

              Fee income primarily includes fees earned from the management of segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual fund assets,
              record keeping, fees earned on administrative-services-only Group health contracts, commissions and fees earned from
              management services. Fee income is recognized on the transfer of services to customers for the amount that reflects the
              consideration expected to be received in exchange for those services promised.

              Lifeco has sub-advisor arrangements where Lifeco retains the primary obligation with the client. As a result, fee income
              earned is reported on a gross basis, with the corresponding sub-advisor expense recorded in operating and administrative
              expenses.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                        A 115




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 115                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

                                    IGM Financial
                                    Wealth management revenue is earned for providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Revenues from financial advisory fees and investment management and related administration fees are based on the net
                                    asset value of investment funds or other assets under advisement and are accrued as services are performed. Distribution
                                    revenue associated with insurance and banking products and services is also recognized on an accrual basis while


 PART A
                                    distribution fees derived from investment fund and securities transactions are recognized on a trade-date basis.

                                    Asset management revenue related to investment management advisory and administrative services is based on the net
                                    asset value of investment funds and other assets under management and is accrued as services are performed.

                                    Wealth and asset management revenue is included in fee income in the statements of earnings.

                                    Other subsidiaries
                                    Revenues from contracts with customers are recognized by other subsidiaries when control of the goods or services is
                                    transferred to the customer for the amount that reflects the consideration which the subsidiary expects to receive in
                                    exchange for the goods or services.

                                    Revenues from electricity sales are recognized when the electricity is delivered at the customer’s connection point and there
                                    is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the electricity. Revenues from electricity sales are
                                    included in other revenues in the statements of earnings.

                                    Management fee revenues earned by the asset management subsidiaries, which manage assets on behalf of investors,
                                    include:
                                       Revenues from asset managers: Management fees are earned in accordance with contractual arrangements with
                                        investment funds based on the committed or invested capital and are accrued as services are performed.
                                       Revenues from investment management businesses: Management fee revenues are recognized based on daily
                                        management services provided to investors as the performance obligation is satisfied.

                                    Carried interest is a performance fee arrangement in which the alternative asset manager receives a percentage of
                                    investment returns, generated within an investment fund on carry-eligible capital, based on a contractual formula. Carried
                                    interest revenue is recognized when an investment fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of preferred returns and when it
                                    is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur.

                                    Management fees and carried interest revenue are included in fee income in the statements of earnings.

                                    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                    Cash and cash equivalents include cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits and fixed income
                                    securities with an original term to maturity of three months or less. Overdraft bank balances are included in other liabilities.

                                    INVESTMENTS
                                    Investments include bonds, mortgage and other loans, shares, investment properties, and loans to policyholders of Lifeco.
                                    Investments are classified as either fair value through profit or loss, available for sale, held to maturity, loans and receivables,
                                    or as non-financial instruments based on management’s intention relating to the purpose and nature of the instruments or
                                    the characteristics of the investments. The Corporation and its subsidiaries currently have not classified any investments as
                                    held to maturity.

                                    A financial asset is designated as fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if it eliminates or significantly reduces
                                    an accounting mismatch or if a financial asset is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis. For Lifeco,
                                    changes in the fair value of financial assets designated as fair value through profit or loss are generally offset by changes in
                                    insurance contract liabilities, since the measurement of insurance contract liabilities is determined with reference to the
                                    assets supporting the liabilities.

                                    A financial asset is classified as fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if it is part of a portfolio that is actively
                                    traded for the purpose of earning investment income.

                                    Investments in mortgage and other loans are initially classified with respect to the intent of the loan on origination.




                                         A 116                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 116                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2          Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

              Investments in bonds (including fixed income securities), mortgage and other loans and shares actively traded on a public
              market or where fair value can be reliably measured are either designated or classified as fair value through profit or loss or




                                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              classified as available for sale and are recorded on a trade-date basis. Equity-release mortgages are designated as fair value
              through profit or loss or classified as available for sale.

              Fair value through profit or loss investments are recorded at fair value on the balance sheets with realized and unrealized

                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
              gains and losses reported in the statements of earnings. Available-for-sale investments are recorded at fair value on the
              balance sheets with unrealized gains and losses recorded in other comprehensive income. Realized gains and losses are
              reclassified from other comprehensive income and recorded in net investment income in the statements of earnings when
              the available-for-sale investment is sold or impaired.

              Investments in mortgage and other loans and bonds not actively traded on a public market are classified as loans and
              receivables and are carried at amortized cost net of any allowance for credit losses. Interest income earned, impairments
              and realized gains and losses on the sale of investments classified as loans and receivables are recorded in net investment
              income in the statements of earnings.

              Investment properties consist of real estate held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation that have an insignificant
              portion that is owner-occupied or where there is no intent to occupy on a long-term basis. Properties that do not meet these
              criteria are classified as owner-occupied properties. Investment properties are initially measured at cost and subsequently
              carried at fair value on the balance sheets. Changes in fair value are recorded as net investment income in the statements
              of earnings.

              Loans to policyholders of Lifeco are classified as loans and receivables and measured at amortized cost. Loans to
              policyholders are shown at their unpaid principal balance and are fully secured by the cash surrender values of the policies.
              The carrying value of loans to policyholders approximates fair value.

              Fair value measurement
              The carrying values of financial assets reflect the prevailing market liquidity and the liquidity premiums embedded in the
              market pricing methods the Corporation and its subsidiaries rely upon.

              Fair value movement on the assets supporting insurance contract liabilities is a major factor in the movement of insurance
              contract liabilities. Changes in the fair value of bonds and mortgage and other loans designated or classified as fair value
              through profit or loss that support insurance contract liabilities are largely offset by corresponding changes in the fair value
              of these liabilities, except when the bond has been deemed impaired.

               The Corporation and its subsidiaries maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
               when measuring fair value. The following is a description of the methodologies used to determine fair value.

               a)   Bonds and mortgage and other loans at fair value through profit or loss and available for sale
              Fair values of bonds and mortgage and other loans recorded at fair value through profit or loss or available for sale are
              determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily provided by third-party independent pricing sources. The
              Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance
              sheet dates to measure bonds and mortgage and other loans at fair value. Where prices are not quoted in a normally active
              market, fair values are determined by valuation models.

              The Corporation and its subsidiaries estimate the fair value of bonds and mortgage and other loans not traded in active
              markets by referring to actively traded securities with similar attributes, dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodologies,
              discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation models. These methodologies consider such factors as the issuer’s
              industry, the security’s rating, term, coupon rate and position in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as yield curves,
              credit curves, prepayment rates and other relevant factors. For bonds and mortgage and other loans that are not traded in
              active markets, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity, and such adjustments are generally based on available market
              evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management’s best estimate is used.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                 A 117




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 117                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

                                    b)   Shares at fair value through profit or loss and available for sale
                                    Fair values of publicly traded shares are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    it is principally traded. Fair values of shares for which there is no active market are typically based upon alternative valuation
                                    techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movements relative to the market and utilization of
                                    information provided by the underlying investment manager. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in

 PART A
                                    active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet dates to measure shares at fair value.

                                    c)   Equity-release mortgages at fair value through profit or loss and available for sale
                                    There are no market-observable prices for equity-release mortgages; Lifeco uses an internal valuation model which is based
                                    on discounting expected future cash flows and considering the embedded no-negative-equity guarantee. Inputs to the
                                    model include market-observable inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market-observable
                                    inputs include property growth and volatility rates, expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long-term
                                    care and interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no-negative-equity guarantee.

                                    d)   Bonds and mortgage and other loans classified as loans and receivables
                                    The fair values disclosed for bonds and mortgage and other loans, classified as loans and receivables, are determined by
                                    discounting expected future cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs typically include
                                    benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads based on current lending activities and market activity.

                                    e)   Investment properties
                                    Fair values of investment properties are determined using independent qualified appraisal services and include adjustments
                                    by Lifeco management for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market conditions in
                                    the interim period between appraisals. The determination of the fair value of investment properties requires the use of
                                    estimates including future cash flows (such as future leasing assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating expenditures)
                                    and discount, reversionary and overall capitalization rates applicable to the asset based on current market conditions.
                                    Investment properties under construction are valued at fair value if such values can be reliably determined; otherwise, they
                                    are recorded at cost.

                                    Impairment
                                    Investments are reviewed on an individual basis at the end of each reporting period to determine whether there is any
                                    objective evidence of impairment. The Corporation and its subsidiaries consider various factors in the impairment evaluation
                                    process, including, but not limited to, the financial condition of the issuer, specific adverse conditions affecting an industry
                                    or region, decline in fair value not related to interest rates, bankruptcy or defaults, and delinquency in payments of interest
                                    or principal.

                                    Investments are deemed to be impaired when there is no longer reasonable assurance of collection. The fair value of an
                                    investment is not a definitive indicator of impairment, as it may be significantly influenced by other factors, including the
                                    remaining term to maturity and liquidity of the asset. However, market price is taken into consideration when evaluating
                                    impairment.

                                    For impaired bonds and mortgage and other loans classified as loans and receivables, provisions are established or
                                    impairments recorded to adjust the carrying value to the net realizable amount. Wherever possible, the fair value of collateral
                                    underlying the loans or observable market price is used to establish the net realizable value. Where available-for-sale bonds
                                    are determined to be impaired, the accumulated loss recorded in other comprehensive income is reclassified to net
                                    investment income. Impairments on available-for-sale debt instruments are reversed if there is objective evidence that a
                                    permanent recovery has occurred. As well, interest is no longer accrued on impaired bonds and mortgage and other loans
                                    and previous interest accruals are reversed in net investment income.

                                    Impairment losses on available-for-sale shares are recorded in net investment income if the unrealized loss is significant or
                                    prolonged. Subsequent losses are recorded directly in net investment income.

                                    Securities lending
                                    Lifeco engages in securities lending through its securities custodians as lending agents. Loaned securities are not
                                    derecognized, and continue to be reported within investments, as Lifeco retains substantial risks and rewards and economic
                                    benefits related to the loaned securities.




                                         A 118                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 118                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2          Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

              TRANSACTION COSTS
              Transaction costs related to financial instruments classified or designated as fair value through profit or loss are expensed as




                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              incurred. Transaction costs related to financial assets classified as available for sale or loans and receivables are included in
              the value of the instrument at acquisition, and recorded in net earnings using the effective interest method. Transaction
              costs related to financial liabilities classified as other than fair value through profit or loss are deducted from the value of the


                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
              instrument issued and recorded in net earnings using the effective interest method.

              OWNER-OCCUPIED PROPERTIES AND CAPITAL ASSETS
              Owner-occupied properties and capital assets include right-of-use assets.

              Owner-occupied properties and capital assets are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation, disposals and impairments.
              Capital assets include equipment, renewable power generating assets, furniture and fixtures. Owner-occupied properties
              and capital assets are depreciated using the straight-line method, over their estimated useful lives, as follows: i) owner-
              occupied properties (10 to 50 years); and ii) capital assets (3 to 25 years).

              Right-of-use assets are depreciated to the earlier of the end of the estimated useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end
              of the lease term using the straight-line method. Depreciation expense is included within operating and administration
              expenses.

              Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at least annually and adjusted if necessary. Owner-
              occupied properties and capital assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
              that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

              LEASES
              At inception of a contract, the Corporation and its subsidiaries assess whether a contract is or contains a lease. The
              Corporation and its subsidiaries recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date.

              The right-of-use asset is initially measured based on the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
              made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and
              remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentive
              received. Right-of-use assets are included within owner-occupied properties and capital assets, with the exception of right-
              of-use assets that meet the definition of investment property, which are presented within investment properties and subject
              to the Corporation’s associated accounting policy.

              The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
              date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Corporation’s
              or its subsidiaries’ incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the incremental borrowing rate is used. The lease liability is
              measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method and is included within other liabilities. Interest expense on
              lease liabilities is included within financing charges.

              The Corporation and its subsidiaries do not recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have
              a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The lease payments associated with these leases are
              recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the term within operating and administrative expenses.

              Where the Corporation and its subsidiaries are the lessor under an operating lease for its investment property, the assets
              subject to the lease arrangement are presented within the balance sheets. Income from these leases is recognized in the
              statements of earnings on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

              Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee are classified as finance leases. Where
              the Corporation and its subsidiaries are the lessor under a finance lease, the investment is recognized as a receivable at an
              amount equal to the net investment in the lease, which is the present value of the minimum lease payments due from the
              lessee presented within the balance sheets. Payments received from the lessee are apportioned between the recognition
              of finance lease income and the reduction of the finance lease receivable. Income from the finance leases is recognized in
              the statements of earnings at a constant periodic rate of return on net investment in the finance lease.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A 119




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 119                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

                                    OTHER ASSETS
                                    Other assets include premiums in course of collection, accounts receivable and interest receivable, client funds on deposit,




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    trading account assets, deferred acquisition costs, deferred selling commissions, prepaid expenses, and other miscellaneous
                                    assets which are measured at amortized cost.

                                    Trading account assets consist of investments in sponsored funds, open-ended investment companies and sponsored unit

 PART A
                                    trusts, which are carried at fair value based on the net asset value of these funds.

                                    Client funds on deposit represent cash balances held in client accounts deposited primarily at Canadian financial
                                    institutions.

                                    Deferred acquisition costs
                                    Deferred acquisition costs related to investment contracts and service contracts are recognized as assets if the costs are
                                    incremental and incurred due to the contract being issued. Deferred acquisition costs are amortized on a straight-line basis
                                    over the term of the contract, not exceeding 20 years.

                                    Deferred selling commissions
                                    Commissions are paid on investment product sales where a fee is either received directly from the client or is received
                                    directly from the investment fund.

                                    Commissions paid on investment product sales where fees are earned from a client are capitalized and amortized over their
                                    estimated useful lives, not exceeding a period of seven years. The Corporation regularly reviews the carrying value of deferred
                                    selling commissions with respect to any events or circumstances that indicate impairment. Among the tests performed to
                                    assess recoverability is the comparison of the future economic benefits derived from the deferred selling commission asset
                                    in relation to its carrying value.

                                    All other commissions paid on investment product sales are expensed as incurred.

                                    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                    Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase
                                    consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any
                                    accumulated impairment losses.

                                    Intangible assets comprise finite life and indefinite life intangible assets. Finite life intangible assets include the value of
                                    technology and software, certain customer contracts and power purchase agreements. Intangible assets with finite lives are
                                    amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows: i) technology and software (3 to 10 years);
                                    ii) customer contract-related (7 to 30 years); and iii) power purchase agreements (20 years).

                                    Indefinite life intangible assets include brands, trademarks and trade names, certain customer contracts, mutual fund
                                    management contracts and the shareholders’ portion of acquired future participating account profit. Amounts are classified
                                    as indefinite life intangible assets based on an analysis of all the relevant factors, and when there is no foreseeable limit to
                                    the period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash inflows. The identification of indefinite life intangible assets
                                    is made by reference to relevant factors such as product life cycles, potential obsolescence, industry stability and competitive
                                    position. Following initial recognition, indefinite life intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated impairment
                                    losses.

                                    Impairment testing
                                    Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for
                                    impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Indefinite life intangible
                                    assets that were previously impaired are reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal.

                                    Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units or to groups of cash generating
                                    units (CGUs), representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill and
                                    indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to the recoverable
                                    amount of the CGUs to which the goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated.

                                    An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
                                    recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less cost of disposal or value in use, which is calculated using the
                                    present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to be generated.



                                         A 120                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 120                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2          Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

              Finite life intangible assets are reviewed at least annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment and the
              amortization period and method are reviewed and adjusted if necessary. If indicators of impairment have been identified,




                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              a test for impairment is performed and impairment is recognized as necessary.

              SEGREGATED FUNDS
              Segregated fund assets and liabilities arise from contracts where all financial risks associated with the related assets are

                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
              borne by policyholders and are presented separately in the balance sheets. The assets and liabilities are set equal to the fair
              value of the underlying asset portfolio. Investment income and change in fair value of the segregated fund assets are offset
              by corresponding changes in the segregated fund liabilities.

              INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES
              Contract classification
              When significant insurance risk exists, Lifeco’s products are classified at contract inception as insurance contracts, in
              accordance with IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 4). Significant insurance risk exists when Lifeco agrees to compensate
              policyholders or beneficiaries of the contract for specified uncertain future events that adversely affect the policyholder and
              whose amount and timing are unknown. Refer to Note 12 for a discussion on Lifeco’s insurance risk.

              In the absence of significant insurance risk, the contract is classified as an investment contract or service contract. Investment
              contracts with discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 4 and investment contracts
              without discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with IAS 3, Financial Instruments:
              Recognition and Measurement (IAS 3). Lifeco has not classified any contracts as investment contracts with discretionary
              participating features.

              Investment contracts may be reclassified as insurance contracts after inception if insurance risk becomes significant. A
              contract that is classified as an insurance contract at contract inception remains as such until all rights and obligations under
              the contract are extinguished or expire.

              Investment contracts are contracts that carry financial risk, which is the risk of a possible future change in one or more of
              the following: interest rate, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, or credit rating. Refer to Note 22 for a discussion on
              Lifeco’s risk management.

              Measurement
              Insurance contract liabilities represent the amounts required, in addition to future premiums and investment income, to
              provide for future benefit payments, policyholder dividends, commission and policy administrative expenses for all insurance
              and annuity policies in force with Lifeco. The Appointed Actuaries of Lifeco’s subsidiaries are responsible for determining the
              amount of the liabilities in order to make appropriate provisions for Lifeco’s obligations to policyholders. The Appointed
              Actuaries determine the liabilities for insurance and investment contracts using generally accepted actuarial practices,
              according to the standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. The valuation uses the CALM. This method
              involves the projection of future events in order to determine the amount of assets that must be set aside currently to provide
              for all future obligations and involves a significant amount of judgment.

              In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of mortality and
              morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective
              policy options or provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a margin for
              adverse deviation. These margins are necessary to provide for possibilities of misestimation and/or future deterioration in
              the best estimate assumptions and provide reasonable assurance that insurance contract liabilities cover a range of possible
              outcomes. Margins are reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.

              Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discounted cash flows utilizing the yield curves
              of financial instruments with similar cash flow characteristics.

              REINSURANCE CONTRACTS
              Lifeco, in the normal course of business, is a user of reinsurance in order to limit the potential for losses arising from certain
              exposures and a provider of reinsurance. Assumed reinsurance refers to the acceptance of certain insurance risks by Lifeco
              underwritten by another company. Ceded reinsurance refers to the transfer of insurance risk, along with the respective
              premiums, to one or more reinsurers who will share the risks. To the extent that assuming reinsurers are unable to meet
              their obligations, Lifeco remains liable to its policyholders for the portion reinsured. Consequently, allowances are made for
              reinsurance contracts which are deemed uncollectible.


                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                   A 121




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 121                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

                                    Reinsurance contracts are insurance contracts and undergo the classification as described within the Insurance and
                                    Investment Contract Liabilities section of this note. Assumed reinsurance premiums, commissions and claim settlements,




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    as well as the reinsurance assets associated with insurance and investment contracts, are accounted for in accordance with
                                    the terms and conditions of the underlying reinsurance contract. Reinsurance assets are reviewed for impairment on a
                                    regular basis for any events that may trigger impairment. Lifeco considers various factors in the impairment evaluation


 PART A
                                    process, including, but not limited to, collectability of amounts due under the terms of the contract. The carrying amount
                                    of a reinsurance asset is adjusted through an allowance account, with any impairment loss being recorded in the statements
                                    of earnings.

                                    Any gains or losses on buying reinsurance are recognized in the statement of earnings immediately at the date of purchase
                                    in accordance with the CALM.

                                    Assets and liabilities related to reinsurance are reported on a gross basis in the balance sheets. The amount of liabilities
                                    ceded to reinsurers is estimated in a manner consistent with the claim liability associated with reinsured risks.

                                    FUNDS HELD BY CEDING INSURERS / FUNDS HELD UNDER REINSURANCE CONTRACTS
                                    On the asset side, funds held by ceding insurers are assets that would normally be paid to Lifeco but are retained by the
                                    cedant to reduce potential credit risk. Under certain forms of reinsurance contracts it is customary for the cedant to retain
                                    amounts on a funds-withheld basis supporting the insurance or investment contract liabilities ceded. For the funds-withheld
                                    assets where the underlying asset portfolio is managed by Lifeco, the credit risk is retained by Lifeco. The funds-withheld
                                    balance where Lifeco assumes the credit risk is measured at the fair value of the underlying asset portfolio with the change
                                    in fair value recorded in net investment income. See Note 6 for funds held by ceding insurers that are managed by Lifeco.
                                    Other funds held by ceding insurers are general obligations of the cedant and serve as collateral for insurance contract
                                    liabilities assumed from cedants. Funds-withheld assets on these contracts do not have fixed maturity dates, their release
                                    generally being dependent on the run-off of the corresponding insurance contract liabilities.

                                    On the liability side, funds held under reinsurance contracts consist mainly of amounts retained by Lifeco from ceded
                                    business written on a funds-withheld basis. Lifeco withholds assets related to ceded insurance contract liabilities in order to
                                    reduce credit risk.

                                    POLICYHOLDER BENEFITS
                                    Policyholder benefits include benefits and claims on life insurance contracts, maturity payments, annuity payments and
                                    surrenders. Gross benefits and claims for life insurance contracts include the cost of all claims arising during the year and
                                    settlement of claims. Death claims and surrenders are recorded on the basis of notifications received. Maturities and annuity
                                    payments are recorded when due.

                                    DERECOGNITION OF SECURITIZED MORTGAGES
                                    IGM enters into transactions where it transfers financial assets recognized on its balance sheets. The determination of
                                    whether the financial assets are derecognized is based on the extent to which the risks and rewards of ownership are
                                    transferred.

                                    If substantially all of the risks and rewards of a financial asset are not retained, IGM derecognizes the financial asset. The
                                    gains or losses and the servicing fee revenue for financial assets that are derecognized are reported in net investment income
                                    in the statements of earnings.

                                    If all or substantially all risks and rewards are retained, the financial assets are not derecognized and the transactions are
                                    accounted for as secured financing transactions.

                                    DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
                                    Debentures and other debt instruments, including capital trust debentures, are initially recorded on the balance sheets at
                                    fair value and subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method with amortization expense
                                    recorded in financing charges in the statements of earnings. These liabilities are derecognized when the obligation is
                                    expired, cancelled or redeemed.




                                         A 122                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 122                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2          Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

              OTHER LIABILITIES
              Other liabilities include accounts payable, bank overdraft, dividends and interest payable, lease liabilities, deferred income




                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              reserves, deposits and certificates and other miscellaneous liabilities which are measured at amortized cost. Deferred
              income reserves related to investment contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis to recognize the initial policy fees
              over the policy term, not exceeding 20 years.


                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
              Provisions are recognized within other liabilities when the Corporation or its subsidiaries have a present obligation, either
              legal or constructive, as a result of a past event, and it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to
              settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount. Provisions are measured based on management
              of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ best estimate at the balance sheet date. The Corporation recognizes a provision
              for restructuring when a detailed formal plan for the restructuring has been established and the plan has raised a valid
              expectation in those affected that the restructuring will occur.

              Limited-life fund units represent the interest held by third parties in funds consolidated by the Corporation. These fund units
              have a defined maximum fixed life where the Corporation has an obligation to distribute the residual interests of the fund
              to fund partners based on their proportionate share of the fund’s equity in the form of cash or other financial assets at the
              end of the fund’s life. Redeemable fund units represent interests held by third parties in funds consolidated by the
              Corporation that have a redemption feature that requires the fund to deliver cash or other financial assets to the holders of
              the units upon receiving a redemption notice. Limited-life funds and redeemable fund units are classified as financial
              liabilities and recorded at fair value. Changes in the value are recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the
              statements of earnings in the period of the change.

              PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
              The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain funded defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors,
              unfunded supplementary employee retirement plans (SERP) for eligible employees, and unfunded post-employment
              health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their dependants. The Corporation and its
              subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.

              The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average earnings. Expenses for
              defined benefit plans are actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method prorated on service, based upon
              management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ assumptions about discount rates, compensation increases,
              retirement ages of employees, mortality and expected health care costs. Any changes in these assumptions will impact the
              carrying amount of the pension benefit asset or liability. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ accrued benefit asset or liability
              in respect to defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by discounting the amount of the benefit that
              employees have earned in return for their service in current and prior periods and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.

              The Corporation and its subsidiaries determine the net interest component of the pension expense for the period by
              applying the discount rate used to measure the accrued benefit asset or liability at the beginning of the annual period to
              the net accrued benefit asset or liability. The discount rate used to value assets or liabilities is determined by reference to
              market yields on high-quality corporate bonds.

              If the plan benefits are changed, or a plan is curtailed, any past service costs or curtailment gains or losses are recognized
              immediately in net earnings.

              Net interest costs, administration expenses, current service costs, past service costs and curtailment and settlement gains or
              losses are recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.

              Remeasurements represent actuarial gains and losses, the actual return on plan assets greater (less) than interest income,
              and changes in the asset ceiling. Remeasurements are recognized immediately through other comprehensive income and
              are not subsequently reclassified to net earnings.

              The accrued benefit asset (liability) represents the plan surplus (deficit) and is included in other assets (other liabilities).

              Contributions to the defined contribution plans are expensed as incurred.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                     A 123




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 123                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2          Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

                                    INCOME TAXES
                                    The income tax expense for the period represents the sum of current income tax and deferred income tax. Income tax is




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    recognized as an expense or recovery in the statements of earnings, except to the extent that it relates to items that are not
                                    recognized in the statements of earnings (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case the
                                    income tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


 PART A
                                    Current income tax
                                    Current income tax is based on taxable income for the year. Current tax liabilities (assets) for the current and prior periods
                                    are measured at the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) the taxation authorities using the rates that have been
                                    enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset, if a legally
                                    enforceable right exists to offset the recognized amounts and the entity intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize
                                    the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

                                    Deferred income tax
                                    Deferred income tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences arising between the carrying amounts
                                    of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of taxable
                                    income and on unused tax attributes, and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities
                                    are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is
                                    probable that future taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences and unused tax
                                    attributes can be utilized.

                                    Recognition of deferred tax assets is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax
                                    planning opportunities available to allow the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods
                                    may adversely impact the assessment of the recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in
                                    establishing the deferred tax assets. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial planning process provides a significant
                                    basis for the measurement of deferred tax assets.

                                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or
                                    the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
                                    date. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to net current tax assets
                                    against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

                                    The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
                                    longer probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be
                                    utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognized to the extent that
                                    it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

                                    Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, jointly
                                    controlled corporations and associates, except where the group controls the timing of the reversal of the temporary
                                    differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                                    DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative products as risk management instruments to hedge or manage revenues
                                    and asset, liability and capital positions. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies prohibit the use of derivative
                                    instruments for speculative trading purposes.

                                    Derivatives are measured at fair value and recorded on the balance sheets. The method of recognizing unrealized and
                                    realized fair value gains and losses depends on whether the derivatives are designated as hedging instruments. For
                                    derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments, unrealized and realized gains and losses are recorded in net
                                    investment income in the statements of earnings. For derivatives designated as hedging instruments, unrealized and
                                    realized gains and losses are recognized according to the nature of the hedged item.




                                         A 1 24                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 124                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2          Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

              Derivatives are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever possible, including market-based
              inputs to models, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency.




                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              When models are used, the selection of a particular model to value a derivative depends on the contractual terms of, and
              specific risks inherent in, the instrument, as well as the availability of pricing information in the market. The Corporation and
              its subsidiaries generally use similar models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of inputs,


                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
              including contractual terms, market prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates and
              correlations of such inputs.

              To qualify for hedge accounting, the relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument must meet several
              strict conditions on documentation, probability of occurrence, hedge effectiveness and reliability of measurement. If these
              conditions are not met, then the relationship does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and both the hedged item
              and the hedging instrument are reported independently, as if there was no hedging relationship.

              Where a hedging relationship exists, the Corporation and its subsidiaries document all relationships between hedging
              instruments and hedged items, as well as their risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge
              transactions. This process includes linking derivatives that are used in hedging transactions to specific assets and liabilities
              on the balance sheets or to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Corporation and its subsidiaries also
              assess, both at the hedge’s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether derivatives that are used in hedging transactions
              are effective in offsetting change in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. Hedge effectiveness is reviewed quarterly
              through correlation testing. Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedge no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.

              Fair value hedges
              Fair value hedges are used to manage the exposure to change in fair value of a recognized asset or liability or an
              unrecognized firm commitment, or an identified portion of such an asset, liability or firm commitment, that is attributable
              to a particular risk and could affect profit or loss. For fair value hedges, change in fair value of both the hedging instrument
              and the hedged item are recorded in net investment income and consequently any ineffective portion of the hedge is
              recorded immediately in net investment income.

              Cash flow hedges
              Cash flow hedges are used to manage the exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk
              associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction and could affect profit or loss. For
              cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the change in fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in other
              comprehensive income, while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in net investment income. Gains and losses
              on cash flow hedges that accumulate in other comprehensive income are recorded in net investment income in the same
              period the hedged item affects net earnings. Gains and losses on cash flow hedges are immediately reclassified from other
              comprehensive income to net investment income if and when a forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur.

              Net investment hedges
              Net investment hedges are used to manage the exposure to changes in the reporting entity’s share in the net share of a
              foreign operation. For net investment hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument is
              recorded in other comprehensive income while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in net investment income.
              The unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on the instruments are recorded within other comprehensive income and
              will be reclassified into net earnings when the investments are derecognized.

              EMBEDDED DERIVATIVES
              An embedded derivative is a component of a host contract that modifies the cash flows of the host contract in a manner
              similar to a derivative, according to a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, foreign exchange rate, underlying
              index or other variable. Embedded derivatives are treated as separate contracts and are recorded at fair value if their
              economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contract and the host contract is not itself
              recorded at fair value through the statement of earnings. Embedded derivatives that meet the definition of an insurance
              contract are accounted for and measured as an insurance contract.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                 A 125




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 125                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

                                    EQUITY
                                    Preferred shares are classified as equity if they are non-redeemable or if they are retractable only at the Corporation’s option




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    and if any dividends are discretionary. Costs that are directly attributable to the issue of share capital are recognized as a
                                    reduction from retained earnings, net of income tax.

                                    Reserves are composed of share-based compensation and other comprehensive income. Share-based compensation

 PART A
                                    reserve represents the vesting of options less options exercised. Other comprehensive income represents the total of the
                                    unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations, the actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit
                                    pension plans, the unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments, the unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow
                                    hedges, the re-evaluation surplus on transfer to investment properties and the share of other comprehensive income of
                                    jointly controlled corporations and associates.

                                    Non-controlling interests represent the proportion of equity that is attributable to minority shareholders of subsidiaries.

                                    Limited recourse capital notes
                                    Limited recourse capital notes issued by Lifeco are classified as non-controlling interests in the financial statements. Lifeco
                                    has the sole discretion to settle the obligation to noteholders through the issuance of a fixed number of Lifeco’s equity
                                    instruments. Transaction costs incurred in connection with the issuance are charged to equity.

                                    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
                                    Options granted to employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries are measured at fair value on the date of the grant.
                                    Compensation expense for equity-settled options is recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements
                                    of earnings over the vesting period of the granted options, with a corresponding increase in share-based compensation
                                    reserve. When the stock options are exercised, the proceeds received, together with the amount recorded in share-based
                                    compensation reserve, are included in the stated capital of the entity issuing the corresponding shares.

                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries recognize a liability for cash-settled awards, including tandem share appreciation rights
                                    and those granted under Performance Share Unit plans and Deferred Share Unit plans. Compensation expense is
                                    recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings over the vesting period, net of related
                                    hedges, and a liability is recognized on the balance sheets. The liability is remeasured at fair value at each reporting period
                                    with the change in the liability recorded in operating and administrative expenses.

                                    FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries operate with multiple functional currencies. The Corporation’s financial statements are
                                    prepared in Canadian dollars, which is the functional and presentation currency of the Corporation.

                                    Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into each entity’s functional currency at exchange
                                    rates prevailing at the balance sheet dates for monetary items and at exchange rates prevailing at the transaction date for
                                    non-monetary items. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into each entity’s functional
                                    currency at an average of daily rates. Realized and unrealized exchange gains and losses are included in net investment
                                    income.

                                    Translation of net investment in foreign operations
                                    Foreign operations are subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations, associates and/or business units with functional
                                    currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the rate of exchange
                                    prevailing at the balance sheet dates and all revenues and expenses are translated at an average of daily rates. Unrealized
                                    foreign currency translation gains and losses on the Corporation’s net investment in its foreign operations are presented as
                                    a component of other comprehensive income. Unrealized foreign currency translation gains and losses are recognized
                                    proportionately in net earnings when there has been a disposal of a foreign operation.




                                         A 126                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 126                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2          Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

              EARNINGS PER PARTICIPATING SHARE
              Basic earnings per participating share is determined by dividing net earnings available to participating shareholders by the




                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              weighted average number of participating shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings per participating share is
              determined using the same method as basic earnings per participating share, except that net earnings available to
              participating shareholders and the weighted average number of participating shares outstanding are adjusted to include


                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
              the potential dilutive effect of outstanding stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries, as determined by
              the treasury stock method.

              Options with tandem share appreciation rights are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options
              can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash, they are considered potentially dilutive and are
              included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact during the year. The net
              earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.

              FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
              The Corporation and its subsidiaries continuously monitor the changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the
              International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the
              consolidated financial statements when they become effective. The following sets out significant standards that will be
              adopted on January 1, 2023:

              IFRS 17 - Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17), and IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments (IFRS 9)
              Effective January 1, 2023, IFRS 17 will replace IFRS 4.

              IFRS 17 sets out the requirements for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance contracts a
              company issues, reinsurance contracts it holds, and investment contracts with discretionary participation features issued.
              Under IFRS 17, Lifeco will:

               Identify insurance contracts as arrangements where an entity accepts significant insurance risk from another party (the
                policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder or beneficiary of the contract for specified uncertain future
                events that adversely affect the policyholder and whose amount and timing are unknown.
               Separately account for specified embedded derivatives, distinct investment components, and distinct non-insurance
                goods and services from insurance contracts.
               Identify portfolios of insurance contracts, which comprises contracts that are subject to similar risks and managed
                together. Portfolios are further divided based on expected profitability at inception. At a minimum, each portfolio of
                insurance contracts issued shall be divided into the following groups:
                   Contracts that are onerous at initial recognition;
                   Contracts that at initial recognition have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently; and
                   Any of the remaining contracts in the portfolio.
               Apply the three measurement models introduced by IFRS 17 as further described below:
                   General Measurement Model (GMM)

                   This model is applied to Lifeco’s medium- to long-term insurance products, such as individual protection, payout
                   annuities, and longevity swaps.

                   Under this model, insurance contract liabilities on the balance sheets are measured as the total of:
                   (i) The fulfillment cash flows (FCF): the current estimates of amounts that a company expects to collect (e.g., premiums)
                       and pay out (e.g., claims, benefits, expenses), including adjustments for the timing and the financial and non-financial
                       risks of those amounts; and
                   (ii) The contractual service margin (CSM): unearned profit for providing insurance coverage, which is subsequently
                        recognized into profit or loss over time as the insurance services are provided.

                   At the end of each period, Lifeco will recalculate the FCF and CSM, with the CSM subject to adjustments for interest
                   accretion and certain changes to FCF relating to future service.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                  A 127




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 127                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

                                       Premium Allocation Approach (PAA)




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       This model is applied to Lifeco’s short-term insurance products, such as group life and health.

                                       This simplified model can be used when the contract boundary is less than one year or the approach is expected to
                                       produce a similar liability amount as under the GMM. Under the PAA, calculating and explicitly accounting for the CSM


 PART A
                                       is exempted. Instead, the liability is set as the premiums received less acquisition expenses, premium revenue
                                       recognized, and amounts transferred to fund incurred claims.

                                       Variable Fee Approach (VFA)

                                       This model is applied to Lifeco’s contracts with direct participating features such as participating insurance and
                                       segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment return is provided to the policyholder based
                                       on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).

                                       Similar to the GMM, the VFA initially measures the insurance contract liabilities as the FCF plus CSM. Subsequently, the
                                       FCF and CSM are recalculated, with the latter reflecting changes in Lifeco's share of the pool of items (e.g., future fees
                                       and guarantee costs) and certain changes to FCF relating to future service.

                                    A group of insurance contracts issued is considered onerous when the measurement leads to a negative CSM either at issue
                                    or when subsequently measured. In this case, the CSM is not allowed to decrease below zero and a loss component is
                                    tracked.

                                    The measurement of reinsurance contracts held is similar to insurance contracts issued with the following key differences:
                                    the CSM can be positive or negative, and the VFA measurement model cannot be used.

                                    On transition to IFRS 17, Lifeco and the Corporation will apply the full retrospective approach to all identified insurance
                                    contracts unless it is impracticable to do so. When impracticable, the fair value approach will be applied.

                                    The fair value approach calculates the CSM or loss component of the liability for remaining coverage as the difference
                                    between the fair value of a group of insurance contracts at the date of transition and the FCF measured at that date.

                                    In addition, IFRS  will replace IAS 3, effective January 1, 2023. The standard provides changes to financial instruments
                                    accounting for the following:

                                     Classification and measurement of financial instruments based on a business model approach for managing financial
                                      assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. All financial assets are measured as fair value
                                      through profit or loss (FVTPL), fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), or amortized cost;
                                     Allowances for credit losses (ACL) are based on an expected credit loss (ECL) model for all financial assets, except for
                                      financial assets classified or designated as FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI. Under the ECL model, a loss
                                      allowance is recognized and maintained equal to 12 months of expected credit losses upon initial recognition. If credit
                                      risk subsequently increases significantly, or an asset becomes credit-impaired, the loss allowance is increased to cover
                                      full lifetime expected credit losses. Changes in the required loss allowance will be recorded in net investment income in
                                      the statements of earnings; and
                                     Hedge accounting that incorporates the risk management practices of an entity, which will not have a material impact
                                      to the Corporation.

                                    The current disclosure for the measurement and classification of the Corporation's portfolio investments provides most of
                                    the information required by IFRS .

                                    The Corporation's date of initial application of IFRS  is January 1, 2023 and the Corporation anticipates electing the option
                                    of presenting comparative information about a financial asset as if the classification and measurement requirements of
                                    IFRS  had been applied to that financial asset in the comparative period, on an instrument-by-instrument basis, as
                                    permitted by the amendment to IFRS 17 published by the IASB in December 2021. IFRS  includes an accounting policy
                                    choice to retain the IAS 3 requirements for hedge accounting, which the Corporation and its subsidiaries are currently
                                    evaluating.




                                         A 128                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 128                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 2              Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

              The expected quantitative impact of transitioning to IFRS 17 and IFRS  is illustrated in the opening balance sheet
              reconciliation table below.




                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                December ,                                                               January ,
                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                  (as reported                                                          (restated for
                                                                                         under        Asset / liability                      Income      IFRS  and


                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
              Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets                          IFRS  and IAS 9)      reclassification     IFRS 9   IFRS        tax          IFRS 9)

              Assets
              Bonds                                                                  ,9                       –      ,          –         –     ,
              Mortgage and other loans                                                ,                       –                  –         –      ,
              Shares                                                                  ,                                         –         –      ,
              Other assets
                 Impacted by IFRS  and IFRS 9                                        ,              (,)            –     9                ,
                 Not impacted by IFRS  and IFRS 9                                    ,9                    –             –       –         –         ,9
              Investments on account of segregated fund
                 policyholders                                                       ,9                         –         –         –         –     ,9
              Total assets                                                           ,               (,)       ,      9              ,


              Liabilities
              Insurance contract liabilities                                         ,               (,9)            –   ,           –     ,
              Investment contract liabilities                                         ,                ,             –       –           –      ,
              Other liabilities
                 Impacted by IFRS  and IFRS 9                                        ,                (,)           –         –    ()         9,
                 Not impacted by IFRS  and IFRS 9                                    ,9                     –            –         –       –         ,9
              Insurance and investment contracts on account of
                 segregated fund policyholders                                       ,9             (,9)             –         –         –               –
              Insurance contracts on account of
                 segregated fund policyholders                                                  –           ,             –         –         –       ,
              Investment contracts on account of
                 segregated fund policyholders                                                  –         9,              –         –         –     9,
              Total liabilities                                                      ,9               (9,9)            –   ,      ()      ,

              To tal equity                                                            ,                   ()     ,    (,)              ,
              Total liabilities and equity                                           ,               (,)       ,      9              ,


              The adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS  is expected to result in an overall reduction of total assets of approximately $16.4 billion,
              total liabilities of $13.0 billion, and total equity of approximately $3.4 billion to the transition balance sheet as at January 1,
              2022.

              Asset and liability reclassifications were primarily driven by changes to the groupings of certain assets and liabilities,
              reclassifications of certain insurance contract liabilities to investment contract liabilities, and presenting liabilities on account
              of segregated fund policyholders separately between insurance and investment contract liabilities. IFRS  adjustments
              primarily relate to a change in designation of certain loans and receivables held at amortized cost under IAS 3 to FVTPL
              under IFRS . IFRS 17 adjustments relate to changes in insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance assets, which are
              primarily the result of the establishment of CSM for in-force contracts of $4.4 billion associated with shareholders’ equity
              and $4.2 billion associated with non-controlling interests, partially offset by the removal of provisions no longer required
              under IFRS 17. This does not include the CSM on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a material impact
              on capital or opening equity.

              Total equity is expected to decrease by approximately $3.4 billion, consisting of $1.2 billion reduction to non-controlling
              interests and $2.2 billion reduction to shareholders' equity.

              These impacts are based on the assessments undertaken to date. The exact financial impacts of the accounting changes
              due to adopting IFRS 17 and IFRS  may be revised as further analysis is completed prior to presentation of financial
              information for periods including the date of initial application. The Corporation and Lifeco expect to be in a position to
              issue further guidance on the impact of adopting IFRS 17 and IFRS  in conjunction with their first quarterly report to
              shareholders for the financial year commencing January 1, 2023.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      A 129




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 129                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 2         Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

                                    The following sets out other future accounting standards:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Standard                    Summary of future changes

                                    IAS 1 –                     In February 2021, the IASB published Disclosure of Accounting Policies, amendments to IAS 1, Presentation
                                    Presentation of Financial   of Financial Statements. The amendments clarify how an entity determines whether accounting policy
                                    Statements                  information is material.

 PART A
                                                                These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with
                                                                earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                                                                statements as a result of these amendments.

                                    IAS 8 –                     In February 2021, the IASB published Definition of Accounting Estimates, amendments to IAS 8, Accounting
                                    Accounting Policies,        Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors. The amendments clarify the difference between an
                                    Changes in Accounting       accounting policy and an accounting estimate.
                                    Estimates and Errors
                                                                These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with
                                                                earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                                                                statements as a result of these amendments.

                                    IAS 12 –                    In May 2021, the IASB published Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities from a Single Transaction,
                                    Income Taxes                amendments to IAS 12, Income Taxes. The amendments clarify that for transactions in which both
                                                                deductible and taxable temporary differences arise on initial recognition that result in deferred tax assets and
                                                                liabilities of the same amount, deferred tax assets and liabilities are to be recognized.
                                                                These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with
                                                                earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                                                                statements as a result of these amendments.

                                    IFRS 16 –                   In September 2022, the IASB published Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback, amendments to IFRS 16,
                                    Leases                      Leases. The amendments clarify that in a sale and leaseback transaction, the seller-lessee subsequent
                                                                measurement of the lease liability arising from a leaseback does not recognize any amount of gain or loss
                                                                related to the right of use it retains.
                                                                These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, with
                                                                earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                                                                statements as a result of these amendments.




                                          A 130                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 130                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 3          Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

              LIFECO
              Acquisition of Prudential retirement services business




                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              On April 1, 2022, Empower completed the purchase, through a share purchase and a reinsurance transaction, of the full-
              service retirement business of Prudential Financial, Inc. Lifeco assumed the economics and risks associated with the
              business, while Prudential continues to retain the obligation to the contract holders of the reinsured portion. Lifeco acquired


                                                                                                                                                                           PART A
              the business for $4,350 million (US$3,480 million) of total value which includes purchase consideration of $2,628 million
              (US$2,102 million) including the base purchase price, ceding commission and working capital adjustments, and
              $1,722 million (US$1,378 million) of required capital to support the business. The transaction was funded with $1,500 million
              (US$1,13 million) of limited recourse capital notes and US$823 million of short-term debt, in addition to Lifeco’s existing
              resources (Note 15).

              During the fourth quarter of 2022, Lifeco completed its comprehensive evaluation of the fair value of net assets acquired
              from Prudential and the purchase price allocation. The initial purchase consideration was adjusted from $2,744 million to
              $2,628 million (US$2,15 million to US$2,102 million).

              Initial goodwill presented in the Corporation’s June 30, 2022 financial statements of $1,10 million (US$887 million) was
              adjusted to $1,264 million (US$1,011 million). Adjustments were made to the provisional amounts disclosed in the
              Corporation’s June 30, 2022 financial statements for the recognition and measurement of intangible assets, assets acquired
              and liabilities assumed. Intangible assets recognized include customer contracts of $450 million (US$360 million), which
              have accumulated amortization of $22 million (US$16 million) as at December 31, 2022. Included in other liabilities, Lifeco
              also assumed an investment advisory contract with unfavourable out-of-market terms, initially recognized at $38 million
              (US$30 million), of which $5 million (US$4 million) has been amortized through the year ended December 31, 2022.

              Lifeco determined the fair value of the intangible assets and insurance contract liabilities acquired using valuation
              techniques that incorporate projections of cash flows and discount rates. The valuation of intangible assets acquired is
              determined by applying judgments and estimates for forecasted revenues and earnings, and discount rates. Further, the
              valuation of the actuarial liabilities assumed are determined by applying judgments and assumptions to determine
              appropriate valuation models and projections of cash inflows and outflows using the best estimate of future experience,
              specifically policyholder behaviour, together with the discount rates. Lifeco also made adjustments to the provisional
              amounts reported for investments on account of segregated fund policyholders acquired and insurance and investment
              contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders assumed, which had no impact on the fair value of net assets
              acquired.

              The initial amounts assigned to the assets acquired, goodwill, intangible assets and liabilities assumed on April 1, 2022 and
              reported as at December 31, 2022 are as follows:

              Assets acquired and goodwill
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 
              Bonds                                                                                                                  ,9
              Mortgage loans                                                                                                          ,
              Shares                                                                                                                    
              Other assets                                                                                                              
              Intangible assets                                                                                                         
              Goodwill                                                                                                                ,
              Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                ,
                                                                                                                                   ,9


              Liabilities assumed
              Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                         ,
              Investment contract liabilities                                                                                           9
              Other liabilities                                                                                                         99
              Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                         ,
                                                                                                                                   ,9
              Net assets acquired                                                                                                     ,




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                A 131




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 131                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 3        Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions (continued)

                                    The following provides the change in the carrying value from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 of the goodwill on
                                    acquisition:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Goodwill previously reported at June ,                                                                            ,9
                                    Final measurement of intangible assets                                                                                    
                                    Purchase consideration adjustments                                                                                       ()

 PART A
                                    Other measurement period adjustments                                                                                       ()
                                    Goodwill reported at December ,                                                                                   ,


                                    The goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets, representing the synergies or
                                    future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that are not individually identifiable and separately recognized
                                    in the acquisition. These synergies represent meaningful expense and revenue opportunities which are expected to be
                                    accretive to earnings. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.

                                    During the year ended December 31, 2022, Lifeco incurred acquisition expenses of $102 million (US$7 million) which are
                                    recorded in the statements of earnings.

                                    During the year ended December 31, 2022, Prudential contributed revenue of $60 million (US$525 million), net earnings
                                    of $4 million (US$70 million) and other comprehensive loss of $43 million (US$34 million). These amounts are included in
                                    the statements of earnings and the statements of comprehensive income.

                                    Supplemental pro forma revenue and net earnings for the combined entity, as though the acquisition date for this business
                                    combination had been as of the beginning of the annual reporting period, has not been included as it is impracticable as
                                    Prudential had a different financial reporting basis than Lifeco.

                                    Acquisition of Personal Capital Corporation
                                    On August 17, 2020, Empower completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Personal Capital, including the 24.8%
                                    interest held by IGM prior to the completion of the transaction (approximately 21.7% after giving effect to the dilution). Upon
                                    completion of the purchase price allocation in the fourth quarter of 2020, a contingent consideration earn-out provision of
                                    $22 million was recognized, representing Lifeco’s best estimate of growth in assets under management metrics defined in
                                    the Merger Agreement. The contingent consideration provision was increased by $87 million in 2021 for a total contingent
                                    consideration provision of $10 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in 2021 was due to growth in net new assets
                                    above the amount assumed at the date of acquisition.

                                    The Merger Agreement allowed for contingent consideration of up to $236 million (US$175 million) based on the
                                    achievement of growth in assets under management metrics, payable following measurements through December 31, 2021
                                    and December 31, 2022. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration measured in accordance with the Merger
                                    Agreement subsequent to the completion of the purchase price allocation were recognized in operating and administrative
                                    expenses in the statements of earnings. During the first quarter of 2022, Lifeco made its first payment of US$5 million based
                                    on assets under management metrics achieved through December 31, 2021.

                                    During the third quarter of 2022, the remaining contingent consideration provision of $45 million was released, resulting in
                                    a recovery of $45 million included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings, as the current
                                    growth in net new assets was below the level where further contingent consideration would be payable. The fair value of
                                    contingent consideration was nil at December 31, 2022.




                                         A 132                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 132                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 3          Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions (continued)

              Acquisition of Ark Life Assurance Company
              On November 1, 2021, Irish Life completed the acquisition of Ark Life Assurance Company dac from Phoenix Group Holdings




                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              plc for total cash consideration of $332 million (€230 million). Ark Life is closed to new business and manages a range of
              pensions, savings and protection policies for its customers in the Irish market.

              During the fourth quarter of 2022, Lifeco completed its comprehensive evaluation of the fair value of the net assets acquired

                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
              from Ark Life and the purchase price allocation.

              Initial goodwill presented in the Corporation’s December 31, 2021 financial statements of $21 million (€15 million) was
              adjusted upon the completion of the purchase price allocation. An excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired over
              the purchase price of $20 million (€14 million) was recognized in the statements of earnings as regular net investment
              income and is non-taxable. Adjustments were made to the provisional amounts disclosed in the Corporation’s December 31,
              2021 financial statements for the recognition and measurement of intangible assets and liabilities assumed. Intangible
              assets recognized include customer contracts of $48 million (€34 million), which have accumulated amortization of
              $4 million (€3 million) as at December 31, 2022.

              Comparative information in the Corporation’s financial statements has not been restated.

              Lifeco determined the fair value of the intangible assets using valuation techniques that incorporate projections of
              discounted cash flows by applying judgments and estimates for forecasted revenues, renewal expenses, and discount rates.

              The amounts assigned to the assets acquired, goodwill and liabilities assumed on November 1, 2021 and reported as at
              December 31, 2022 are as follows:

              Assets acquired and goodwill
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                
              Bonds                                                                                                                   
              Reinsurance assets                                                                                                    ,
              Other assets                                                                                                             9
              Intangible assets                                                                                                        
              Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                               ,
                                                                                                                                    ,9


              Liabilities assumed
              Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                        ,
              Investment contract liabilities                                                                                          
              Other liabilities                                                                                                        
              Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                        ,
                                                                                                                                    ,
              Net assets acquired                                                                                                      


              The following provides the change in the carrying value of goodwill from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022:

              Goodwill previously reported at December ,                                                                          
              Recognition and measurement of intangible assets                                                                         ()
              Recognition of deferred tax liabilities on intangible assets and other measurement
                period adjustments                                                                                                      
              Excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired over the purchase price at December ,                          ()


              During the fourth quarter of 2022, Ark Life Assurance Company dac changed its legal name to Irish Life Ark Dublin dac.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                              A 133




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 133                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 3        Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions (continued)

                                    U.S. Reinsurance Agreement
                                    On December 31, 2022, Empower completed two separate agreements to cede, via indemnity reinsurance, $7,46 million




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    of insurance contract liabilities to a non-related party. As a result of the transaction, $7,46 million of reinsurance assets
                                    (Note 12), $7,031 million of funds held under reinsurance contracts and $18 million of other liabilities were recognized on
                                    the balance sheets at December 31, 2022. Within the statements of earnings, the Corporation, through Lifeco, recognized


 PART A
                                    an increase of $8,005 million to ceded premiums, as well as a decrease of $8,005 million to total paid or credited to
                                    policyholders and an increase of $3 million to operating and administrative expenses as a result of the transaction.

                                    INVESTMENT FUNDS
                                    The Corporation continuously reassesses control over its internally managed investment funds. During 2022 and 2021, some
                                    investment funds managed by Sagard that were previously considered to be controlled have been reassessed and are no
                                    longer controlled due to certain circumstances, including increases in new capital from third parties resulting in reductions
                                    in economic interests and exposure to variable returns, amendments to limited partner agreements, and other factors that
                                    support that Sagard is acting as an agent. The Corporation now accounts for its interests in these funds as investments
                                    designated at fair value through profit or loss or as available for sale and has derecognized the assets and liabilities of these
                                    funds and their subsidiaries, with no significant impact to the Corporation’s balance sheets.




                                    NOTE 4        Cash and Cash Equivalents

                                                                                                                                                      December ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                       

                                    Cash                                                                                                                   ,          ,9
                                    Cash equivalents                                                                                                       ,          ,
                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              9,          9,9


                                    At December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents amounting to $81 million were restricted for use by subsidiaries
                                    ($1,344 million at December 31, 2021), primarily in respect of cash held in trust for reinsurance agreements or with regulatory
                                    authorities, under certain indemnity arrangements and in escrow.




                                         A 134                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 134                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 5            Investments

              CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
              Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           December ,                            December , 
                                                                                                              Carrying                    Fair              Carrying                   Fair
                                                                                                                 value                  value                  value                 value



                                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
              Bonds
                Designated as fair value through profit or loss []                                         ,                ,                ,               ,
                Classified as fair value through profit or loss []                                                                                                        
                Available for sale                                                                           ,                 ,                 ,                ,
                Loans and receivables                                                                        ,9                 ,                 ,                ,
                                                                                                            9,9                ,                ,9               ,
              Mortgage and other loans
               Loans and receivables                                                                          ,                ,                 ,                 ,
               Designated as fair value through profit or loss []                                             ,                 ,                  ,                  ,
               Classified as fair value through profit or loss []                                                 –                     –                                          
               Available for sale                                                                                                                         –                      –
                                                                                                              ,                ,                 ,                 ,
              Shares
                Designated as fair value through profit or loss []                                           ,                ,                 ,9                 ,9
                Classified as fair value through profit or loss []                                                                                                         
                Available for sale []                                                                         ,                 ,                  ,                  ,
                                                                                                              ,                ,                 ,                 ,
              Investment properties                                                                            ,                 ,                  ,                  ,
              Loans to policyholders                                                                           ,                 ,                  ,9                  ,9
                                                                                                            ,                ,9                ,               9,

              [] Under IAS 3, a financial asset is designated as fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if it eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
                  mismatch or if a financial asset is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis. For Lifeco, changes in the fair value of financial assets
                  designated as fair value through profit or loss are generally offset by changes in insurance contract liabilities, since the measurement of insurance contract
                  liabilities is determined with reference to the assets supporting the liabilities.
                  A financial asset is classified as fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if it is part of a portfolio that is actively traded for the purpose of earning
                  investment income.
              [2] Fair value of certain shares available for sale cannot be reliably measured, therefore these investments are held at cost.


              BONDS AND MORTGAGE AND OTHER LOANS
              Carrying value of bonds and mortgage and other loans due over the current and non-current term is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                             Carrying value
                                                                                                                                                   Term to maturity
              December ,                                                                             year or less            - years           Over  years                  Total

              Bonds                                                                                           ,9                 ,9               ,               9,9
              Mortgage and other loans                                                                         ,                 ,                ,                ,
                                                                                                              ,                 ,               ,               ,9

                                                                                                                                                                             Carrying value
                                                                                                                                                   Term to maturity
              December ,                                                                             year or less            - years           Over  years                  Total

              Bonds                                                                                           ,9                 ,9               ,               ,99
              Mortgage and other loans                                                                         ,9                 ,                ,                ,9
                                                                                                              ,                 ,               ,99               ,


              The tables shown above exclude the carrying value of impaired bonds and mortgage and other loans, as the ultimate timing
              of collectability is uncertain. Mortgage and other loans include equity-release mortgages which do not have a fixed
              redemption date. The maturity profile of the portfolio has therefore been estimated based on redemption experience.




                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        A 135




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 135                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 5           Investments (continued)

                                    IMPAIRED INVESTMENTS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES
                                    Carrying amount of impaired investments is as follows:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                       December ,        December ,
                                                                                                                                                                             

                                    Impaired amounts by classification


 PART A
                                      Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                          
                                      Available for sale                                                                                                                         
                                      Loans and receivables                                                                                                                      
                                    Total                                                                                                                                        9


                                    The carrying amount of impaired investments includes bonds, mortgage and other loans and shares. The carrying values for
                                    loans and receivables are net of allowances for credit losses of $18 million as at December 31, 2022 ($2 million as at
                                    December 31, 2021). The allowance for credit losses is supplemented by the provision for future credit losses included in
                                    insurance contract liabilities.

                                    NET INVESTMENT INCOME

                                                                                                 Mortgage and                             Investment
                                    Year ended December ,                         Bonds      other loans             Shares          properties            Other            Total

                                    Regular net investment income
                                      Investment income earned                         ,           ,                                  9                         ,
                                      Net realized gains (losses)
                                         Available-for-sale                               ()              –               ()                      –            –            ()
                                         Other classifications                              –                                –                       –          ()             ()
                                      Net allowances for credit losses on loans
                                         and receivables                                     –            ()                   –                 –                –              ()
                                      Other income (expenses)                                –                                                ()            ()           (9)
                                                                                        ,          ,                                                           ,
                                    Change in fair value through profit or loss       (,)          ()               ()                 ()            ()        (,9)
                                    Net investment income                             (,)                           (99)                                       (,)

                                                                                                 Mortgage and                             Investment
                                    Year ended December ,                         Bonds      other loans             Shares          properties            Other            Total

                                    Regular net investment income
                                      Investment income earned                         ,           ,                                                           ,9
                                      Net realized gains
                                         Available-for-sale                                               –                9                       –               –          
                                         Other classifications                                                                                    –                        
                                      Net allowances for credit losses on loans
                                         and receivables                                     –            ()                  –                  –                –              ()
                                      Other income (expenses)                                –                                              ()             (9)           (9)
                                                                                        ,9          ,9                 9                                           ,
                                    Change in fair value through profit or loss        (,9)          ()              ,                                           (,)
                                    Net investment income                               ()            99               ,9                 9                         ,


                                    Net investment income comprises income from investments that are classified as available for sale, loans and receivables,
                                    both net of impairment charges, investments classified or designated as fair value through profit or loss and gains realized
                                    on deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans
                                    includes interest income and premium and discount amortization. Income from shares includes dividends and distributions
                                    from equity investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on investment properties,
                                    ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income, and interest and other
                                    investment income earned on investment properties. Other income includes policyholder loan income, foreign exchange
                                    gains and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.




                                            A 136                                                       P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 136                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 5          Investments (continued)

              TRANSFERRED FINANCIAL ASSETS
              Lifeco engages in securities lending to generate additional income. Lifeco’s securities custodians are used as lending agents.




                                                                                                                                                                             POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              Collateral, which exceeds the fair value of the loaned securities, is deposited by the borrower with Lifeco’s lending agent and
              maintained by the lending agent until the underlying security has been returned. The fair value of the loaned securities is
              monitored on a daily basis by the lending agent, which obtains or refunds additional collateral as the fair value of the loaned


                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
              securities fluctuates. Included in the collateral deposited with Lifeco’s lending agent is cash collateral of $11 million at
              December 31, 2022 ($16 million at December 31, 2021). In addition, the securities lending agent indemnifies Lifeco against
              borrower risk, meaning that the lending agent agrees contractually to replace securities not returned due to a borrower
              default. As at December 31, 2022, Lifeco had loaned securities (which are included in investments) with a fair value of
              $,550 million ($10,525 million at December 31, 2021).




              NOTE 6          Funds Held by Ceding Insurers

              At December 31, 2022, Lifeco had amounts on deposit of $15,186 million ($17,14 million at December 31, 2021) for funds held
              by ceding insurers on the balance sheets. Income and expenses arising from the agreements are included in net investment
              income on the statements of earnings.

              The details of the funds on deposit for certain agreements where Lifeco has credit risk are as follows:

              Carrying values and estimated fair values
                                                                                                                December ,                    December , 
                                                                                                     Carrying                 Fair       Carrying                   Fair
                                                                                                        value               value           value                 value

              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                
              Bonds                                                                                  ,              ,          ,              ,
              Mortgages                                                                                                                                
              Other assets                                                                              9                 9                              
                                                                                                     ,9              ,9          ,              ,
              Supporting:
                Reinsurance liabilities                                                              ,              ,          ,9              ,9
                Surplus                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                     ,9              ,9          ,              ,

              Asset quality
              The following table provides details of the carrying value of the bond portfolio by credit rating:

                                                                                                                                     December ,        December ,
                                                                                                                                                           

              AAA                                                                                                                         ,                ,
              AA                                                                                                                          ,                ,
              A                                                                                                                           ,9                ,
              BBB                                                                                                                         ,                ,9
              BB and lower                                                                                                                                    
              Total bonds                                                                                                                ,               ,




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                        A 1 37




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 137                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 7           Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations and Associates

                                    The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                          Jointly controlled corporations                                                         Associates
                                    December ,                                          Parjointco []      Other []    ChinaAMC                  Lion        Northleaf        Other []    Total

                                    Carrying value, beginning of year                            ,                           ,                                9        9        ,
                                      Acquisition and investments                                     –                               –                                  –                  

 PART A
                                      Disposal                                                        –               –                  –                 –                  –         ()         ()
                                      Share of earnings (losses)                                    ()                                                                        ()          9
                                      Impairment                                                      –               –                  –             ()                  –           –        ()
                                      Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                  (99)                              ()               (9)                 –                  (9)
                                      Dividends and distributions                                   ()            (9)               ()                –                  –         ()       ()
                                      Effects of changes in ownership and other                                   ()                 –                 –                  –                     
                                    Carrying value, end of year                                  ,                           ,                                                ,


                                                                                          Jointly controlled corporations                                                         Associates
                                    December ,                                          Parjointco          Other []    ChinaAMC                  Lion        Northleaf        Other []    Total

                                    Carrying value, beginning of year                            ,                           ,                  –                                ,9
                                      Acquisition and investments                                     –              9                  –                                                   
                                      Disposal                                                        –                –                 –                 –                  –         (9)         (9)
                                      Share of earnings                                                           9                               9                                    9
                                      Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                    (9)              ()                               ()                 –           ()        ()
                                      Dividends and distributions                                   ()            ()               ()                –                  –            –       ()
                                      Effects of changes in ownership and other                                      –                 –                 –                  –         ()         ()
                                    Carrying value, end of year                                  ,                           ,                                9        9        ,

                                    [] Parjointco’s share of other comprehensive income (loss) includes $1 million of unrealized losses on available-for-sale investments and $16 million of
                                        unrealized losses on foreign currency translation.
                                    [] Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have
                                        been elected to be measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                                    LION ELECTRIC CO.
                                    The Corporation held a 35.4% equity interest in Lion at December 31, 2022 (same at December 31, 2021).

                                    On May 6, 2021, Lion became publicly listed on the TSX and the New York Stock Exchange and completed a US$200 million
                                    committed private placement of common shares of Lion, in which Power Sustainable invested US$17 million ($20 million).
                                    The effect of the change in ownership resulted in a net gain of $62 million, recorded in share of earnings of investments in
                                    jointly controlled corporations and associates on the statement of earnings of 2021.

                                    At December 31, 2022, Power Sustainable also held call rights to acquire up to 2,270,85 additional shares from certain
                                    existing shareholders of Lion, which expire on October 31, 2023. In 2021, Power Sustainable exercised a portion of its
                                    outstanding call rights and acquired 8,81,812 shares, on a cashless net settlement basis, resulting in an increase in the
                                    carrying value of the investment in Lion of $222 million. The fair value of the remaining call rights was estimated to be nil at
                                    December 31, 2022 ($8 million at December 31, 2021, which was included in derivative financial assets on the balance sheets).
                                    During the year ended December 31, 2022, a loss on the revaluation of the call rights of $8 million (a net gain of $128 million
                                    for the year ended December 31, 2021) was recorded in net investment income in the statement of earnings.

                                    On December 16, 2022, Power Sustainable invested US$25 million ($34 million) in Lion in consideration of ,842,51
                                    common shares and ,842,51 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was estimated to be $ million at December 31, 2022
                                    and is included in derivative financial assets on the balance sheets.

                                    In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Corporation recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $126 million ($10 million after
                                    tax) on its investment in Lion reflecting a decline in the market value at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the fair
                                    value of the Corporation’s interest in Lion was $234 million, based on the quoted market price.




                                          A 138                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 138                                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 7           Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations and Associates (continued)

              PARJOINTCO
              At December 31, 2022, Parjointco held a 100% equity interest (100% of the voting rights) in Pargesa (unchanged from




                                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              December 31, 2021). Pargesa held a 2.8% equity interest (44.0% of the voting rights) in GBL at December 31, 2022 (2.1%
              equity interest and 44.2% of the voting rights at December 31, 2021).

              At December 31, 2022, the net asset value of the Corporation’s indirect interest in GBL is approximately $3,756 million. The

                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
              carrying value of the indirect investment in GBL is $3,314 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue of GBL was
              €7,52 million (C$10,81 million) (€7,574 million or C$11,230 million for the year ended December 31, 2021) and net loss
              attributable to GBL’s common shareholders was €585 million (C$801 million) (net earnings of €27 million or C$413 million
              for the year ended December 31, 2021). Results reported by GBL are in accordance with IFRS . The Corporation’s share of
              earnings in Parjointco includes an adjustment to account for GBL’s earnings under IAS 3. Other financial information for
              GBL can be obtained from its publicly available information.

              C HINA AMC
              At December 31, 2022, Power Corporation and IGM Financial each held an equity interest of 13.% in ChinaAMC (same at
              December 31, 2021). ChinaAMC is an asset management company established in Beijing, China. The Corporation and IGM
              account for their interests in ChinaAMC as an associate using the equity method.

              Subsequent event

              On January 12, 2023, IGM acquired a 13.% equity interest in ChinaAMC from the Corporation for an aggregate consideration
              of $1.15 billion in cash, increasing IGM’s equity interest in ChinaAMC from 13.% to 27.8%. The Corporation will continue to
              hold a 27.8% equity interest in ChinaAMC through the Corporation’s interest in IGM.

              In a separate transaction, on January 12, 2023, IGM sold 15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power Financial, for cash
              consideration of $553 million (Lifeco Share Transfer). Power Financial acquired an equity interest of approximately 1.6% from
              IGM, increasing its equity interest in Lifeco to approximately 68.2%. The Lifeco Share Transfer did not impact Power
              Financial’s aggregate beneficial ownership of Lifeco common shares, which remains at 70.6% of the issued and outstanding
              Lifeco common shares. The transactions were reviewed and approved by the relevant related party and conduct review
              committees.

              Summarized financial information for ChinaAMC is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                     Canadian                Chinese   Canadian        Chinese
              [in millions]                                                                            dollars              renminbi     dollars      renminbi

              Balance sheet at December []
                Assets                                                                                 ,                ,       ,        ,9
                Liabilities                                                                            ,                 ,         99         ,
              Comprehensive income for the years ended December 
                Revenue                                                                                ,                 ,       ,         ,
                Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                                          ,         9         ,
                Total comprehensive income                                                                                ,                  ,
              [] Excludes fair value adjustments made at the time of acquisition of $3,248 million (RMB¥16,380 million).


              NORTHLEAF CAPITAL GROUP LTD.
              At December 31, 2022, IGM’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, and Lifeco held a 4.% non-controlling voting interest and a 70%
              economic interest in Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf), a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund
              manager, through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie and 20% owned by Lifeco (unchanged from
              December 31, 2021).

              Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase the remaining economic and voting interest in Northleaf
              commencing in approximately five years from the acquisition date on October 2, 2020, and extending into future periods.
              The equity method is used to account for the investment in Northleaf as Mackenzie and Lifeco exercise significant influence,
              through the acquisition vehicle. Significant influence arises from board representation, participation in the policy-making
              process and shared strategic initiatives.

              The net earnings of Northleaf are not significant to the results of the Corporation.



                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                  A 139




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 139                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 8           Owner-Occupied Properties and Capital Assets

                                    The carrying value and the changes in the carrying value of owner-occupied properties and capital assets are as follows:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                          Capital assets
                                                                                                     Right-of-use       Owner-occupied                  Power
                                    December ,                                                       assets []        properties       generating assets                  Other            Total

                                    Cost, beginning of year                                               ,                  ,                   ,                  ,99            ,


 PART A
                                      Additions                                                                                                                           9            ,
                                      Modifications                                                           ()                    –                        –                      –               ()
                                      Disposal/retirements                                                    ()                    –                      ()                   ()           ()
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                        99                      9             
                                    Cost, end of year                                                     ,9                  ,                   ,                  ,            ,9


                                    Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                             ()                 ()                    ()               (,9)          (,9)
                                      Amortization and impairment                                           ()                   ()                   ()                 ()            ()
                                      Modifications                                                                                  –                        –                     –                
                                      Disposal/retirements                                                                           –                                                          
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                              ()                                          ()                   ()             ()
                                    Accumulated amortization, end of year                                   ()                 ()                    ()               (,)          (,)
                                    Carrying value, end of year                                                                                    ,                    9            ,9

                                                                                                                                                                          Capital assets
                                                                                                     Right-of-use       Owner-occupied                  Power
                                    December ,                                                       assets []        properties       generating assets                  Other            Total

                                    Cost, beginning of year                                                  9                 ,9                   ,                  ,9            ,
                                      Additions                                                                                                       9                                  
                                      Modifications                                                           ()                     –                      –                       –             ()
                                      Disposal/retirements                                                      ()                 ()                    ()                   (9)           (9)
                                      Derecognition                                                              –                  ()                      –                       –             ()
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                –                    (9)                    9                      (9)             
                                    Cost, end of year                                                     ,                  ,                   ,                  ,99            ,


                                    Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                             ()                 ()                    (9)               (,9)          (,9)
                                      Amortization and impairment                                           ()                   (9)                     ()                ()            ()
                                      Modifications                                                                                  –                        –                    –                
                                      Disposal/retirements                                                                                                                      9               
                                      Derecognition                                                            –                                             –                                   
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                              –                      –                        –                                  
                                    Accumulated amortization, end of year                                   ()                 ()                    ()               (,9)          (,9)
                                    Carrying value, end of year                                                                 9                   ,                    9            ,

                                    [] Right-of-use assets include leased properties and leased capital assets.


                                    The following table provides the carrying value of owner-occupied properties and capital assets by geographic location:

                                                                                                                                                                          December ,     December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                             

                                    Canada                                                                                                                                      ,           ,
                                    United States                                                                                                                               ,           ,9
                                    Europe                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                ,9           ,




                                          A 140                                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 140                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 9          Other Assets

                                                                                                              December ,    December ,
                                                                                                                                




                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              Premiums in course of collection, accounts receivable and interest receivable                        ,              ,
              Client funds on deposit                                                                              ,99              ,99
              Trading account assets                                                                               ,9              ,
              Deferred acquisition costs and deferred selling commissions                                          ,                9

                                                                                                                                                                           PART A
              Pension benefits [Note ]                                                                                             
              Income taxes receivable                                                                                                
              Finance leases receivable                                                                              9                
              Prepaid expenses                                                                                                       9
              Other                                                                                                ,              ,
                                                                                                                  ,             ,


              Other assets of $18,748 million as at December 31, 2022 ($13,8 million as at December 31, 2021) are to be realized within
              12 months. This amount excludes deferred acquisition costs and deferred selling commissions, the changes in which are
              presented below.

              DEFERRED ACQUISITION COSTS AND DEFERRED SELLING COMMISSIONS
              The changes in the carrying value of the deferred acquisition costs and deferred selling commissions are as follows:

                                                                                                              December ,    December ,
                                                                                                                                

              Balance, beginning of year                                                                              9               
                Additions                                                                                                            
                Disposals                                                                                              ()              ()
                Amortization                                                                                         ()             ()
                Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                             ()
              Balance, end of year                                                                                 ,               9




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                             A 1 41




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 141                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 10         Goodwill and Intangible Assets

                                    GOODWILL
                                    The carrying value and changes in the carrying value of goodwill are as follows:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                              December ,                                          December , 
                                                                                                    Accumulated            Carrying                          Accumulated          Carrying
                                                                                          Cost       impairment               value                Cost       impairment             value



 PART A
                                    Balance, beginning of year                         ,9            (,)           ,9              ,              (,)       ,9
                                      Business acquisitions and dispositions            ,9                  –            ,9                                    –            
                                      Purchase price allocation adjustments                                  –                                                   –            
                                      Allocated to intangible assets                       ()                –               ()             (,)                 –         (,)
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                         ()                                (9)                –             (9)
                                    Balance, end of year                               ,9            (,9)           ,              ,9              (,)       ,9


                                    INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                    The carrying value and changes in the carrying value of the intangible assets are as follows:

                                    Indefinite life intangible assets
                                                                                                                                                             Shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                                 portion of
                                                                                                                                                                  acquired
                                                                                                          Brands,        Customer         Mutual fund                future
                                                                                                  trademarks and          contract-      management           participating
                                    December ,                                                 trade names            related         contracts        account profit          Total

                                    Cost, beginning of year                                               ,              ,                                           ,9
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                               –                  –            
                                    Cost, end of year                                                     ,              ,                                           ,

                                    Accumulated impairment, beginning of year                              ()            (,)                      –                –       (,)
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                             ()               ()                     –                –           ()
                                    Accumulated impairment, end of year                                    ()            (,9)                      –                –       (,9)
                                    Carrying value, end of year                                           ,              ,                                           ,9

                                                                                                                                                             Shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                                 portion of
                                                                                                                                                                  acquired
                                                                                                          Brands,        Customer         Mutual fund                future
                                                                                                  trademarks and          contract-      management           participating
                                    December ,                                                 trade names            related         contracts        account profit          Total

                                    Cost, beginning of year                                               ,              ,                                           ,
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                            ()                –                   –                  –             ()
                                    Cost, end of year                                                     ,              ,                                           ,9

                                    Accumulated impairment, beginning of year                              ()            (,)                      –                –       (,)
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                               –                       –                –            
                                    Accumulated impairment, end of year                                    ()            (,)                      –                –       (,)
                                    Carrying value, end of year                                           ,              ,                                           ,




                                          A 142                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 142                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 10           Goodwill and Intangible Assets (continued)

              Finite life intangible assets
                                                                                                     Technology




                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                   Customer          Power
                                                                                                             and    contract-     purchase
              December ,                                                                          software      related   agreements    Other            Total

              Cost, beginning of year                                                                    ,       ,           9               ,
                Additions                                                                                  9                                     ,

                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
                Disposal                                                                                    ()         ()            –        ()         ()
                Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                       ()     ()         9
              Cost, end of year                                                                          ,       ,                          ,9

              Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                               (,9)        ()         ()    ()       (,9)
                Amortization and impairment                                                               ()        ()           ()     (9)        (9)
                Disposal                                                                                                               –                     9
                Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                 ()         ()                              ()
              Accumulated amortization, end of year                                                     (,9)      (,9)         ()    ()       (,)
              Carrying value, end of year                                                                ,       ,                 9         ,

                                                                                                     Technology    Customer          Power
                                                                                                             and    contract-     purchase
              December ,                                                                          software      related   agreements    Other            Total

              Cost, beginning of year                                                                    ,       ,                          ,
                Additions                                                                                         ,                           ,9
                Disposal                                                                                    ()          –            –         ()         (9)
                Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                 ()         (9)           –       (9)        ()
              Cost, end of year                                                                          ,       ,           9               ,

              Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                               (,)        ()          ()    (9)       (,)
                Amortization and impairment                                                               ()        ()          ()      ()        ()
                Disposal                                                                                                –             –                    
                Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                          –                    
              Accumulated amortization, end of year                                                     (,9)        ()         ()    ()       (,9)
              Carrying value, end of year                                                                ,       ,           9               ,




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      A 143




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 143                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 10         Goodwill and Intangible Assets (continued)

                                    ALLOCATION TO CASH GENERATING UNITS
                                    Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been assigned to CGUs as follows:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                           December ,                                   December , 
                                                                                                    Intangible                                         Intangible
                                                                                       Goodwill         assets              Total           Goodwill       assets         Total



 PART A
                                    Lifeco
                                    Canada
                                       Group Customer                                    ,                         ,9               ,                   ,9
                                       Individual Customer                               ,           9              ,               ,9         9          ,
                                    Europe                                               ,                         ,               ,                   ,
                                    United States
                                       Financial Services                                ,            9              ,               ,          9          ,
                                       Asset Management                                      –         ,              ,                   –       ,          ,
                                    IGM
                                    Wealth Management                                    ,                          ,9               ,                    ,9
                                    Asset Management                                     ,         ,              ,               ,       ,          ,
                                    Other                                                              9                                           9            
                                                                                       ,          ,9            ,              ,9        ,        ,9


                                    RECOVERABLE AMOUNT
                                    Lifeco
                                    For purposes of annual impairment testing, Lifeco allocates goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets to its CGUs. Any
                                    potential impairment of goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets is identified by comparing the recoverable amount to
                                    its carrying value.

                                    Fair value is initially assessed with reference to valuation multiples of comparable publicly traded financial institutions and
                                    previous business acquisition transactions. The calculations utilize earnings and cash flow projections based on financial
                                    budgets approved by Lifeco’s management. These valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or price-to-book
                                    measures for life insurers and asset managers. This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations,
                                    including expected growth, risk and capital market conditions, among other factors. The valuation multiples used in
                                    assessing fair value represent Level 2 inputs.

                                    In the fourth quarter of 2022, Lifeco conducted its annual impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets
                                    based on the September 30, 2022 asset balances. It was determined that the recoverable amounts of CGUs were in excess
                                    of their carrying values and there was no evidence of impairment.

                                    Any reasonable changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amounts of the CGUs are
                                    unlikely to cause the carrying values to exceed their recoverable amounts.




                                         A 144                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 144                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 10           Goodwill and Intangible Assets (continued)

              IGM Financial
              IGM tests whether goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are impaired by comparing the carrying amounts with the




                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              recoverable amounts. The recoverable amount of IGM’s CGUs is based on the best available evidence of fair value less cost
              of disposal.

              In assessing recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are used that may include discounted cash flow analysis and

                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
              application of capitalization multiples to financial and operating metrics based upon precedent acquisition transactions
              and trading comparables. Assumptions and estimates employed in discounted cash flows include future changes in assets
              under management resulting from net sales and investment returns, pricing and profit margin changes and discount rates,
              which represent Level 3 fair value inputs. Valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or other conventionally used
              measures for investment managers or other financial service providers (multiples of value to assets under management,
              revenues, or other measures of profitability). This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations, including
              expected growth, risk and capital market conditions, among other factors. The valuation multiples used in assessing fair
              value are Level 2 inputs.

              The fair value less cost of disposal of IGM’s CGUs was compared with the carrying amount and it was determined there was
              no impairment. Changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amounts of the CGUs can
              result in significant adjustments to the valuation of the CGUs.




              NOTE 11          Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities

              Lifeco offers segregated fund products in Canada, the U.S. and Europe that are referred to as segregated funds, separate
              accounts and unit-linked funds in the respective markets. These funds are contracts issued by insurers to segregated fund
              policyholders where the benefit is directly linked to the performance of the investments, the risks or rewards of the fair value
              movements and net investment income is realized by the segregated fund policyholders. The segregated fund policyholders
              are required to select the segregated funds that hold a range of underlying investments. While Lifeco has legal title to the
              investments, there is a contractual obligation to pass along the investment results to the segregated fund policyholder and
              Lifeco segregates these investments from those of the corporation itself.

              In Canada and the U.S., the segregated fund and separate account assets are legally separated from the general assets of
              Lifeco under the terms of the policyholder agreement and cannot be used to settle obligations of Lifeco. In Europe, the
              assets of the funds are functionally and constructively segregated from those of Lifeco. As a result of the legal and
              constructive arrangements of these funds, the assets and liabilities of these funds are presented as investments on account
              of segregated fund policyholders and with an equal liability titled insurance and investment contracts on account of
              segregated fund policyholders on the balance sheets.

              In circumstances where the segregated funds are invested in structured entities and are deemed to control the entity, Lifeco
              has presented the non-controlling ownership interest within the segregated funds for the risk of policyholders as equal and
              offsetting amounts in the assets and liabilities. The amounts presented within are $6,388 million at December 31, 2022
              ($3,125 million at December 31, 2021).

              Within the statements of earnings, all segregated fund policyholders’ income, including fair value changes and net
              investment income, is credited to the segregated fund policyholders and reflected in the assets and liabilities on account of
              segregated fund policyholders within the balance sheets. As these amounts do not directly impact the revenues and
              expenses of Lifeco, these amounts are not included separately in the statements of earnings.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                 A 145




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 145                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 11          Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities (continued)

                                    SEGREGATED FUNDS AND GUARANTEE EXPOSURE
                                    Lifeco offers retail segregated fund products, unitized with profits products and variable annuity products that provide for




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    certain guarantees that are tied to the fair values of the investment funds. While these products are similar to mutual funds,
                                    there is a key difference from mutual funds as the segregated funds have certain guarantee features that protect the
                                    segregated fund policyholder from market declines in the underlying investments. These guarantees are Lifeco’s primary


 PART A
                                    exposure on these funds. Lifeco accounts for these guarantees within insurance and investment contract liabilities in the
                                    financial statements. In addition to Lifeco’s exposure on the guarantees, the fees earned by Lifeco on these products are
                                    impacted by the fair value of these funds.

                                    In Canada, Lifeco offers retail segregated fund products through Canada Life. These products provide guaranteed minimum
                                    death benefits and guaranteed minimum accumulation on maturity benefits.

                                    In the U.S., Lifeco has a mix of open and closed blocks of group variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal
                                    benefits and a closed block of group standalone guaranteed minimum death benefits products which mainly provide return
                                    of premium on death. A block of guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits policies was acquired from Prudential on April 1,
                                    2022.

                                    In Europe, Lifeco offers unitized with profits products in Germany and unit-linked products with investment guarantees in
                                    Ireland. These products are similar to segregated fund products but include minimum credited interest rates and pooling
                                    of policyholders’ funds.

                                    Lifeco also offers guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits products in the U.S. and Germany, and previously offered
                                    guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits products in Canada and Ireland. Certain guaranteed minimum withdrawal
                                    benefits products offered by Lifeco offer levels of death and maturity guarantees. At December 31, 2022, the amount of
                                    guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits products in force in Canada, the U.S., Ireland and Germany was $7,033 million
                                    ($3,316 million at December 31, 2021).

                                    The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                    requirements of each region of Lifeco’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

                                    INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS

                                                                                                                                                                        December ,     December ,
                                                                                                                                                                               []          []

                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                               ,           ,
                                    Bonds                                                                                                                                   9,           ,
                                    Mortgage loans                                                                                                                           ,9            ,
                                    Shares and units in unit trusts                                                                                                        ,          ,
                                    Mutual funds                                                                                                                           ,9          ,9
                                    Investment properties                                                                                                                   ,           ,
                                                                                                                                                                           ,          ,
                                    Accrued income                                                                                                                              9              
                                    Other liabilities                                                                                                                        (,)          (,9)
                                    Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                      ,            ,
                                                                                                                                                                           ,9          ,9

                                    [] At December 31, 2022, $66,283 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Lifeco on a modified co-insurance basis
                                        ($83,754 million at December 31, 2021). Included in this amount are $157 million of cash and cash equivalents, $12,437 million of bonds, $15 million of shares
                                        and units in unit trusts, $53,778 million of mutual funds, $103 million of accrued income and $207 million of other liabilities.




                                          A 146                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 146                                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 11            Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities (continued)

              INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS




                                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                Years ended December ,
                                                                                                                                                                

              Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                   ,9               ,
              Additions (deductions):


                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
                Policyholder deposits                                                                                                        ,               9,
                Net investment income                                                                                                         ,9                 9,
                Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                     ,               ,99
                Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                        (,)              ,
                Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                            9,                (,9)
                Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                    (,9)             (,)
                Business acquisitions []                                                                                                    ,                 ,
                Change in segregated fund investment in General Fund                                                                                                 ()
                Change in General Fund investment in segregated fund                                                                             ()                  ()
                Net transfer (to) from General Fund                                                                                              (9)                   
                Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                          ,                 ,
                                                                                                                                             ,               ,
              Balance, end of year                                                                                                         ,9               ,9

              [] Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders acquired through the acquisition of Prudential in  and the acquisition
                  of Ark Life in  (Note ).


              INVESTMENT INCOME ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS

                                                                                                                                                Years ended December ,
                                                                                                                                                                

              Net investment income                                                                                                           ,9                 9,
              Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                       ,               ,99
              Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                          (,)              ,
              Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                              9,                (,9)
              Total                                                                                                                         (,)              9,
              Change in insurance and investment contract liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                           (,)              9,
              Net                                                                                                                                   –                     –


              INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS (by fair value hierarchy level)

                                                                                                                                                        December , 
                                                                                                               Level           Level           Level               Total

              Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                     []
                                                                                                            ,9          ,            ,          9,

              [] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,185 million.


                                                                                                                                                        December , 
                                                                                                               Level           Level           Level               Total

              Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                     []
                                                                                                            9,            9,           ,          9,9

              [] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,521 million.


              In 2022, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $2,301 million were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 ($2,137 million were
              transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 at December 31, 2021), primarily based on Lifeco’s change in use of inputs in addition to
              quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings at year-end. Level 2 assets include the assets where fair
              value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in active
              markets and where Lifeco does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.




                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         A 1 47




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 147                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 11          Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities (continued)

                                    As at December 31, 2022, $3,28 million ($5,34 million at December 31, 2021) of the segregated funds were invested in
                                    funds managed by IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, subsidiaries of IGM and related parties.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    The following presents additional information about Lifeco’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
                                    which Lifeco has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:


 PART A
                                                                                                                                                                December ,       December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                          ,         ,
                                      Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                  ()           
                                      Purchases []                                                                                                                      ,            
                                      Sales                                                                                                                               ()          ()
                                      Transfers into Level                                                                                                                               
                                      Transfers out of Level                                                                                                               ()            ()
                                    Balance, end of year                                                                                                                ,         ,

                                    [] Includes $ million of Level  assets acquired through the Prudential acquisition (Note ).


                                    Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
                                    Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
                                    market prices with multiple pricing vendors.

                                    In addition to the segregated funds, Lifeco has interests in a number of structured unconsolidated entities including mutual
                                    funds, open-ended investment companies, and unit trusts. These entities are created as investment strategies for its unit
                                    holders based on the directive of each individual fund.

                                    Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of Lifeco, which are paid sub-advisory fees at normal market rates
                                    for their services.

                                    Lifeco earns management fees related to managing the segregated fund products. Management fees can be variable due
                                    to the performance of factors, such as markets or industries, in which the fund invests. Fee income derived in connection
                                    with the management of investment funds generally increases or decreases in direct relationship with changes of assets
                                    under management, which is affected by prevailing market conditions, and the inflow and outflow of client assets.

                                    Factors that could cause assets under management and fees to decrease include declines in equity markets, changes in
                                    fixed income markets, changes in interest rates and defaults, redemptions and other withdrawals, political and other
                                    economic risks, changing investment trends and relative investment performance. The risk is that fees may vary but
                                    expenses and recovery of initial expenses are relatively fixed, and market conditions may cause a shift in asset mix potentially
                                    resulting in a change in revenue.

                                    Fee income earned by Lifeco resulting from Lifeco’s interests in segregated funds and other structured entities was
                                    $6,332 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 ($6,14 million in 2021).

                                    Included within other assets (Note ) at December 31, 2022 is $2,777 million ($1,525 million at December 31, 2021) of
                                    investments by Lifeco in bonds and shares of Putnam- and Empower-sponsored funds and $15 million ($146 million at
                                    December 31, 2021) of investments in shares of sponsored unit trusts in Europe.




                                          A 148                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 148                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 12           Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities

              INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES




                                                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                              December ,                           December , 
                                                                                         Gross       Reinsurance                      Gross     Reinsurance
                                                                                       liability           assets          Net      liability         assets           Net

              Insurance contract liabilities                                       ,              ,9        ,9     ,          ,        ,


                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A
              Investment contract liabilities                                       ,                           ,      ,                      ,9
                                                                                   ,9              ,        ,     ,          ,        99,9


              COMPOSITION OF INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND RELATED SUPPORTING ASSETS
              The composition of insurance and investment contract liabilities of Lifeco is as follows:

                                                                                                              December ,                           December , 
                                                                                         Gross       Reinsurance                      Gross     Reinsurance
                                                                                       liability           assets          Net      liability         assets           Net

              Participating
                Canada                                                               9,                ()       ,9      ,9             ()       ,
                United States                                                        ,9               ,         ,      ,9                       ,
                Europe                                                                                     –                                    –           
                Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                 –                                    –           
              Non-participating
                Canada                                                              ,                          ,      ,                      ,
                United States                                                      ,              ,9         ,      ,9          ,         9,
                Europe                                                              ,               ,         ,      ,           ,9         ,
                Capital and Risk Solutions                                          ,                           ,      ,                      ,
                                                                                   ,9              ,        ,     ,          ,        99,9




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              A 149




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 149                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 12         Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (continued)

                                    The composition of the assets supporting liabilities and equity of Lifeco is as follows:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                             Mortgage                               Investment
                                    December ,                            Bonds            loans            Shares             properties            Other      Total

                                    Participating liabilities
                                      Canada                                   ,         ,             ,                   ,9            ,     9,


 PART A
                                      United States                             ,            9                                      –            ,     ,9
                                      Europe                                                     –                                                              
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                 –                       –                      
                                    Non-participating liabilities
                                      Canada                                   ,          ,             ,                                 ,9     ,
                                      United States                            ,         ,                                      –           ,9    ,
                                      Europe                                   ,          ,                                  ,            ,     ,
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                ,                             –                       –            ,     ,
                                    Other                                      ,          ,             ,9                               ,    ,9
                                    Total equity                               ,9            9                                               9,     ,
                                    Total carrying value                      9,         9,9            ,                   ,          9,    ,


                                    Fair value                                ,9         ,            ,                   ,          9,    9,9

                                                                                             Mortgage                               Investment
                                    December ,                            Bonds            loans            Shares             properties            Other      Total

                                    Participating liabilities
                                      Canada                                   ,         ,             ,                   ,            ,9     ,9
                                      United States                             ,                                                   –            ,     ,9
                                      Europe                                                     –                                                       –        
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                 –                       –                      
                                    Non-participating liabilities
                                      Canada                                   ,          ,             ,                     9            ,     ,
                                      United States                            ,          ,                                      –           ,     ,9
                                      Europe                                   ,          ,9               9                   ,            ,9     ,
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                ,9                              –                       –            ,     ,
                                    Other                                       ,          ,                                              9,    9,
                                    Total equity                               ,            9               9                                ,     ,
                                    Total carrying value                      ,         ,            ,                   ,          9,    ,


                                    Fair value                                ,         9,            ,                   ,          9,    ,


                                    Cash flows of assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities are matched within reasonable limits. Changes
                                    in the fair values of these assets are largely offset by changes in the fair value of insurance and investment contract liabilities.

                                    Changes in the fair values of assets backing capital and surplus, less related income taxes, would result in a corresponding
                                    change in surplus over time in accordance with investment accounting policies.




                                          A 150                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 150                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 12           Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (continued)

              CHANGE IN INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES
              The change in insurance contract liabilities during the year was the result of the following business activities and changes




                                                                                                                                                                                            POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              in actuarial estimates:

                                                                                                              Participating                           Non-participating
                                                                                 Gross     Reinsurance                            Gross     Reinsurance                           Total


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
              December ,                                                 liability         assets                Net      liability         assets           Net             net

              Balance, beginning of year                                     ,                  ()        ,      ,          ,        ,       ,
                Impact of new business                                           ()                   ()           ()       ,            ()         ,         ,99
                Normal change in in-force business                             ()                              ()      (,)         (,)       (,)      (,99)
                Management actions and changes
                  in assumptions                                                 ()               ()           ()                                 (9)        ()
                Business movement from/to
                  external parties                                                  –            ,             (,)         (9)          ,         (,)       (9,)
                Prudential acquisition [Note ]                                     –                 –                 –      ,                –        ,        ,
                Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                          ()                     ,                        ,         ,
              Balance, end of year                                           ,9              ,            ,      ,9          ,        ,       ,9

                                                                                                              Participating                           Non-participating
                                                                                 Gross     Reinsurance                            Gross     Reinsurance                           Total
              December ,                                                 liability         assets                Net      liability         assets           Net             net

              Balance, beginning of year                                     ,                  ()        ,      ,          ,        ,       ,9
                Impact of new business                                           ()                   –             ()      ,9                       ,       ,9
                Normal change in in-force business                            ,9                              ,9       (,9)         (,)       (,)       (,)
                Management actions and changes
                  in assumptions                                                 ()                             ()       ()            ()          ()        ()
                Business movement from/to
                  external parties                                                   –                   –              –         ()             ()         ()         ()
                Ark Life acquisition [Note ]                                        –                   –              –        ,           ,             9            9
                Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                            ()                  –            ()      (,)           ()        (,)       (,)
              Balance, end of year                                           ,                  ()        ,      ,          ,        ,       ,


              Under IFRS 4, movement in the fair value of the supporting assets is a major factor in the movement of insurance contract
              liabilities. Changes in the fair value of assets are largely offset by corresponding changes in the fair value of liabilities. The
              change in the value of the insurance contract liabilities associated with the change in the value of the supporting assets is
              included in the normal change in the in-force business above.

              2022
              In 2022, the major contributor to the increase in net insurance contract liabilities was the Prudential acquisition of
              $43,550 million. This was partially offset by decreases due to normal change in the in-force business of $22,0 million,
              primarily due to fair value adjustments due to increased interest rates. Business movement from/to external parties includes
              a new reinsurance arrangement (Note 3).

              Net non-participating insurance contract liabilities decreased by $16 million in 2022 due to management actions and
              changes in assumptions including a $127 million decrease in Capital and Risk Solutions and a $147 million decrease in
              Europe, partially offset by an increase of $105 million in Canada.

              The decrease in Capital and Risk Solutions was primarily due to updated longevity assumptions of $14 million, partially
              offset by increases due to updated mortality assumptions of $55 million and updated expense and tax assumptions of
              $24 million.

              The decrease in Europe was primarily due to updated longevity assumptions of $128 million.

              The increase in Canada was primarily due to updated policyholder behaviour assumptions of $311 million. This was partially
              offset by decreases due to updated mortality assumptions of $76 million, modelling refinements of $58 million, and a
              decrease of $55 million due to a change in the corporate tax rate.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         A 151




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 151                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 12         Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (continued)

                                    There was no change in the U.S. due to management actions or changes in assumptions.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Net participating insurance contract liabilities decreased by $277 million in 2022 due to management actions and changes
                                    in assumptions.

                                    2021


 PART A
                                    Effective October 15, 2021, the Canadian Actuarial Standards Board published revised standards for the valuation of
                                    insurance contract liabilities. The revised standards included decreases to ultimate reinvestment rates, revised calibration
                                    criteria for stochastic risk-free interest rates and an increase to the maximum net credit spread on reinvestment over the
                                    long term.

                                    In 2021, the major contributor to the increase in net insurance contract liabilities was the impact of new business of
                                    $10,37 million. This was partially offset by decreases due to normal change in the in-force business of $7,656 million and
                                    foreign exchange rate changes of $1,336 million.

                                    Net non-participating insurance contract liabilities decreased by $133 million due to management actions and changes in
                                    assumptions including a $21 million decrease in Europe and $7 million decrease in the U.S., partially offset by increases of
                                    $75 million in Canada and $18 million in Capital and Risk Solutions.

                                    The decrease in Europe was primarily due to updated economic and asset-related assumptions of $165 million, updated
                                    longevity assumptions of $2 million, and updated policyholder behaviour assumptions of $22 million.

                                    The decrease in the U.S. was primarily due to updated economic assumptions, which include the net impact of the new
                                    standards, of $5 million.

                                    The increase in Canada was primarily due to updated policyholder behaviour assumptions of $172 million, mortality updates
                                    of $44 million, and updated morbidity assumptions of $37 million. This was partially offset by decreases due to updated
                                    economic and asset-related assumptions, which include the net impact of the new standards, of $146 million, and modelling
                                    refinements of $2 million.

                                    The increase in Capital and Risk Solutions was primarily due to updated expense assumptions of $11 million, and updated
                                    life mortality and longevity assumptions of $6 million.

                                    Net participating insurance contract liabilities decreased by $280 million in 2021 due to management actions and changes
                                    in assumptions.




                                           A 152                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 152                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 12           Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (continued)

              CHANGE IN INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE




                                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                              December ,                            December , 
                                                                                         Gross       Reinsurance                     Gross     Reinsurance
                                                                                       liability           assets          Net     liability         assets            Net


              Balance, beginning of year                                             ,                         ,9      9,                          9,

                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
                Normal change in in-force business                                     ,                           ,9     ,9                           ,9
                Investment experience                                                 (,)                ()       (,)     ()              ()           ()
                Management actions and changes
                   in assumptions                                                                             –                       –                  –             –
                Prudential acquisition [Note ]                                          9                   –          9           –                  –             –
                Ark Life acquisition [Note ]                                              –                   –            –                            –            
                Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                                               9                            –            
              Balance, end of year                                                   ,                          ,     ,                        ,9

              The carrying value of investment contract liabilities approximates their fair value. The impact to investment experience in
              2022 was due to fair value adjustments related to increased interest rates.

              GROSS PREMIUM INCOME

                                                                                                                                           December ,        December ,
                                                                                                                                                                 

              Direct premiums                                                                                                                  9,99               ,9
              Assumed reinsurance premiums                                                                                                     ,               ,
              Total                                                                                                                            ,9               ,


              GROSS POLICYHOLDER BENEFITS

                                                                                                                                           December ,        December ,
                                                                                                                                                                 

              Direct                                                                                                                           ,               ,9
              Assumed reinsurance                                                                                                              ,               ,
              Total                                                                                                                            ,               9,


              ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS
              In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of
              mortality/morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of
              elective policy options or provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a
              margin for adverse deviation. These margins are necessary to provide for possibilities of misestimation and future
              deterioration in the best estimate assumptions and provide reasonable assurance that insurance contract liabilities cover a
              range of possible outcomes. Margins are reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              A 153




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 153                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 12           Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (continued)

                                    The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined below:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                     Actuarial assumptions     Methods

                                     Mortality                 A life insurance mortality study is carried out annually for each major block of insurance business. The results of
                                                               each study are used to update Lifeco’s experience valuation mortality tables for that business. When there is
                                                               insufficient data, use is made of the latest industry experience to derive an appropriate valuation mortality

 PART A
                                                               assumption. Improvement scales for life insurance and annuitant mortality are updated periodically based on
                                                               population and industry studies, product-specific considerations, as well as professional guidance. In addition,
                                                               appropriate provisions have been made for future mortality deterioration on term insurance.

                                                               Annuitant mortality is also studied regularly and the results are used to modify established annuitant mortality
                                                               tables.

                                     Morbidity                 Lifeco uses industry-developed experience tables modified to reflect emerging Lifeco experience. Both claim
                                                               incidence and termination are monitored regularly and emerging experience is factored into the current
                                                               valuation.

                                     Property and casualty     Insurance contract liabilities for property and casualty reinsurance written by entities within Lifeco’s Capital and
                                     reinsurance               Risk Solutions activities are determined using accepted actuarial practices for property and casualty insurers in
                                                               Canada. The insurance contract liabilities are based on cession statements provided by ceding companies. In
                                                               addition, insurance contract liabilities also include an amount for incurred but not reported losses which may
                                                               differ significantly from the ultimate loss development. The estimates and underlying methodology are
                                                               continually reviewed and updated, and adjustments to estimates are reflected in net earnings. Capital and Risk
                                                               Solutions analyzes the emergence of claims experience against expected assumptions for each reinsurance
                                                               contract separately and at the portfolio level. If necessary, a more in-depth analysis is undertaken of the cedant
                                                               experience.

                                     Investment returns        The assets which correspond to the different liability categories are segmented. For each segment, projected
                                                               cash flows from the current assets and liabilities are used in the CALM to determine insurance contract liabilities.
                                                               Cash flows from assets are reduced to provide for asset default losses. Testing under several interest rate and
                                                               equity scenarios (including increasing and decreasing rates) is done to provide for reinvestment risk (refer to
                                                               Note ).

                                     Expenses                  Contractual policy expenses (e.g., sales commissions) and tax expenses are reflected on a best estimate basis.
                                                               Expense studies for indirect operating expenses are updated regularly to determine an appropriate estimate of
                                                               future operating expenses for the liability type being valued. An inflation assumption is incorporated in the
                                                               estimate of future operating expenses consistent with the interest rate scenarios projected under the CALM as
                                                               inflation is assumed to be correlated with new money interest rates.


                                     Policy termination        Studies to determine rates of policy termination are updated regularly to form the basis of this estimate. Industry
                                                               data is also available and is useful where Lifeco has no experience with specific types of policies or its exposure is
                                                               limited. Lifeco’s most significant exposures are in respect of the T- and Level Cost of Insurance Universal Life
                                                               products in Canada and policy renewal rates at the end of term for renewable term policies in Canada and
                                                               Capital and Risk Solutions. Industry experience has guided Lifeco’s assumptions for these products as Lifeco’s
                                                               own experience is very limited.

                                     Utilization of elective   There are a wide range of elective options embedded in the policies issued by Lifeco. Examples include term
                                     policy options            renewals, conversion to whole life insurance (term insurance), settlement annuity purchase at guaranteed rates
                                                               (deposit annuities) and guarantee resets (segregated fund maturity guarantees). The assumed rates of utilization
                                                               are based on Lifeco or industry experience when it exists and, when not, on judgment considering incentives to
                                                               utilize the option. Generally, whenever it is clearly in the best interests of an informed policyholder to utilize an
                                                               option, then it is assumed to be elected.

                                     Policyholder              Future policyholder dividends and other adjustable policy features are included in the determination of
                                     dividends and             insurance contract liabilities with the assumption that policyholder dividends or adjustable benefits will change
                                     adjustable policy         in the future in response to the relevant experience. The dividend and policy adjustments are determined
                                     features                  consistent with policyholders’ reasonable expectations, such expectations being influenced by the participating
                                                               policyholder dividend policies and/or policyholder communications, marketing material and past practice. It is
                                                               Lifeco’s expectation that changes will occur in policyholder dividend scales or adjustable benefits for
                                                               participating or adjustable business, respectively, corresponding to changes in the best estimate assumptions,
                                                               resulting in an immaterial net change in insurance contract liabilities. Where underlying guarantees may limit
                                                               the ability to pass all of this experience back to the policyholder, the impact of this non-adjustability on net
                                                               earnings is reflected in the changes in best estimate assumptions above.




                                          A 154                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 154                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 12           Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (continued)

              RISK MANAGEMENT
              Insurance risk




                                                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              Insurance risk is the risk that the insured event occurs and that there are large deviations between expected and actual
              actuarial assumptions, including mortality, persistency, longevity, morbidity, expense variations and investment returns.

              Lifeco is in the business of accepting risk associated with insurance contract liabilities. Lifeco’s objective is to mitigate its

                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
              exposure to risk arising from these contracts through product design, product and geographical diversification, the
              implementation of its underwriting strategy guidelines, and through the use of reinsurance arrangements.

              The following table provides information about Lifeco’s insurance contract liabilities’ sensitivities to its management’s best
              estimate of the approximate impact as a result of changes in assumptions used to determine Lifeco’s liability associated
              with these contracts.

                                                                                                                                                           Increase (decrease)
                                                                                                                                                               in net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                    

              Mortality – % increase                                                                                                                 ()             ()
              Annuitant mortality – % decrease                                                                                                       ()             ()
              Morbidity – % adverse change                                                                                                           ()             ()
              Investment returns
                 Parallel shift in yield curve
                   % increase                                                                                                                             –                 –
                   % decrease                                                                                                                             –                 –
                 Change in interest rates
                   % increase                                                                                                                          9               9
                   % decrease                                                                                                                        (9)             ()
                 Change in publicly traded common share values
                   % increase                                                                                                                                         
                   % increase                                                                                                                                         
                   % decrease                                                                                                                         ()             (9)
                   % decrease                                                                                                                       ()              ()
                 Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                   % increase                                                                                                                                          9
                   % increase                                                                                                                                           9
                   % decrease                                                                                                                          ()              ()
                   % decrease                                                                                                                       ()             ()
                 Change in best estimate return assumptions for equities
                   % increase                                                                                                                                        
                   % decrease                                                                                                                        ()             (9)
              Expenses – % increase                                                                                                                  (9)             ()
              Policy termination and renewal – % adverse change                                                                                     (9)           (,)


              The earnings sensitivities illustrated in the table above represent impacts under the Corporation’s accounting policies as at
              December 31, 2022, including accounting for insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and financial instruments under IAS 3.
              These sensitivities may change on transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS .

              Concentration risk may arise from geographic regions, accumulation of risks and market risk. The concentration of insurance
              risk before and after reinsurance by geographic region is described below.

                                                                                                              December ,                           December , 
                                                                                         Gross       Reinsurance                      Gross     Reinsurance
                                                                                       liability           assets          Net      liability         assets              Net

              Canada                                                                ,9                           ,9      ,9              9            ,
              United States                                                        ,9              ,9         9,      ,          ,            9,9
              Europe                                                                ,               ,         ,      ,           ,9            ,9
              Capital and Risk Solutions                                            ,9                           ,9      ,                         ,
                                                                                   ,9              ,        ,     ,          ,          99,9




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              A 155




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 155                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 12          Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (continued)

                                    Reinsurance risk
                                    Maximum limits per insured life benefit amount (which vary by line of business) are established for life and health insurance




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    and reinsurance is purchased for amounts in excess of those limits.

                                    Reinsurance costs and recoveries as defined by the reinsurance agreement are reflected in the valuation with these costs
                                    and recoveries being appropriately calibrated to the direct assumptions.

 PART A                             Reinsurance contracts do not relieve Lifeco from its obligations to policyholders. Failure of reinsurers to honour their
                                    obligations could result in losses to Lifeco. Lifeco evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers to minimize its exposure
                                    to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies.

                                    Certain of the reinsurance contracts are on a funds-withheld basis where Lifeco retains the assets supporting the reinsured
                                    insurance contract liabilities, thus minimizing the exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvency on those contracts.




                                    NOTE 13          Obligations to Securitization Entities

                                    IGM securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC)-sponsored National
                                    Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through
                                    Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions do not meet the
                                    requirements for derecognition as IGM retains prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk. Accordingly, IGM has
                                    retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting liabilities for the net proceeds received as
                                    obligations to securitization entities which are carried at amortized cost.

                                    IGM earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of the CMB
                                    transactions, IGM enters into a swap transaction whereby IGM pays coupons on CMBs and receives investment returns on
                                    the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this swap, related to the obligation to
                                    pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal, is recorded as a derivative and had a fair
                                    value of $1 million at December 31, 2022 ($5 million in 2021).

                                    All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Programs are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer under
                                    the program. As part of the ABCP transactions, IGM has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement which are recorded
                                    at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP trusts have no recourse to
                                    IGM’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.

                                                                                                               December ,                                       December , 
                                                                                                    Obligations to                                         Obligations to
                                                                                      Securitized   securitization                           Securitized   securitization
                                                                                      mortgages           entities               Net         mortgages           entities          Net

                                    Carrying value
                                      NHA MBS and CMB Programs                            ,9           ,                                 ,          ,               
                                      Bank-sponsored ABCP                                 ,           ,                    ()            ,          ,             ()
                                    Total                                                 ,           ,                                 ,          ,             ()

                                    Fair value                                            ,           ,                  ()             ,          ,             ()


                                    The carrying value of obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal payments
                                    received on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs are amortized
                                    over the life of the obligation using an effective interest method.




                                            A 156                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 156                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 14           Power Corporation’s Debentures and Other Debt Instruments

                                                                                                     December ,          December , 
                                                                                                     Carrying         Fair     Carrying       Fair




                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                        value       value         value     value

              POWE R CORPOR ATION
              Debentures – unsecured
                .% debentures due April , 9                                                              99                    

                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
                .% debentures due January ,                                                    9                    9         
                .% debentures due July ,                                                               9                    

              To tal Power Corporation                                                                                               9

              The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at LIBOR plus 0.70%. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
              the Corporation was not using its line of credit.

              CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
              The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including
              both cash and non-cash changes.

                                                                                                                December ,         December ,
                                                                                                                                       

              Balance, beginning of the year                                                                                              
                Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                        –                 ()
                Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                               –                    ()
              Balance, end of year                                                                                                         

              There are no principal repayments on debentures in each of the next five years.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A 1 57




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 157                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 15           Non-Recourse Debentures and Other Debt Instruments

                                    A) POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
                                    The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM. The




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    6.0% debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
                                    debentures and other debt instruments of Lifeco and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Lifeco or its subsidiaries, as
                                    applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of IGM and are non-


 PART A
                                    recourse to the Corporation.

                                                                                                                                                        December ,      December , 
                                                                                                                                                       Carrying        Fair   Carrying      Fair
                                                                                                                                                          value      value       value    value

                                    POWER FINANCIAL
                                    Debentures – unsecured
                                      .9% debentures due March ,                                                                                                         
                                    To tal Power Financial                                                                                                                       

                                    LIFECO
                                    Debentures and Senior Bonds – unsecured
                                       .% senior bonds due April ,  (€ million) []                                                                                   
                                       .% senior bonds due December ,  (€ million) []                                                                                 
                                       .% debentures due February ,                                                                              9                9       
                                       .% subordinated debentures due December ,                                                                                         
                                       .% senior bonds due November , 9 (€ million)                                                                               –         –
                                       .9% debentures due May ,                                                                                   9                9       
                                       .% debentures due November ,                                                                               9                9       
                                       .% debentures due March ,                                                                                  9                9       9
                                       .99% debentures due November , 9                                                                                                    
                                       .9% debentures due July ,                                                                                   9                9       9
                                       .9% capital trust debentures due June ,  (face value of $ million)                                                             
                                                                                                                                                         ,9      ,      ,     ,
                                    Other Debt Instruments – unsecured
                                      Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rate of
                                        .% (rates of .% to .% at December , )                                                                                  
                                      Revolving credit facility with interest equal to LIBOR plus .%
                                        (US$ million)(US$ million at December , )                                                                                           
                                      Non-revolving credit facility with interest based on
                                        Adjusted Term SOFR (US$ million)                                                                                                  –         –
                                      .9% senior notes due August ,  (US$ million)                                                                                    
                                      .% senior notes due September ,  (US$ million)                                                                                 9
                                      .% senior notes due May ,  (US$ million)                                                                                9       
                                      .% senior notes due March ,  (US$ million)                                                                                     9
                                      .% senior notes due June ,  (US$ million)                                                                 9       9              ,
                                      .% senior notes due May ,  (US$ million)                                                                9                9       
                                      .% senior notes due September ,  (US$ million)                                                          9                9       99
                                                                                                                                                         ,      ,      ,9     ,99
                                    Total Lifeco                                                                                                       ,9       9,      ,     9,
                                    [] Designated by Lifeco as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                          A 158                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 158                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 15           Non-Recourse Debentures and Other Debt Instruments (continued)

                                                                                                         December ,      December , 
                                                                                                         Carrying       Fair   Carrying       Fair




                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                            value     value       value     value

              IGM FINANCIAL
              Debentures – unsecured
                .% debentures due January ,                                                                                

                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
                .% debentures due December ,                                                                               
                .% debentures due May 9,                                                                                     
                .% debentures due December ,                                                              9                 
                .% debentures due March ,                                                                  9                 
                .% debentures due December ,                                                                               
                .% debentures due January ,                                                                                
                .% debentures due December 9,                                                                               
                .% debentures due July ,                                                                                  
                .% debentures due March ,                                                                                 9
              Debentures of IGM held by Lifeco as investments                                                ()      ()        ()     ()
              Total IGM                                                                                   ,      ,99      ,      ,9

              To tal Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                     ,     ,     ,     ,


              LIFECO
              On March 30, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of Lifeco, established a 2-year US$500 million non-revolving
              credit facility with interest on the drawn balance equal to a floating rate based on Adjusted Term Secured Overnight
              Financing Rate (SOFR). The facility is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Lifeco. On April 1, 2022, the US$500 million
              facility was fully drawn, along with US$323 million from an existing revolving credit facility, to finance a portion of the
              Prudential acquisition (Note 3). The existing revolving credit facility incurs interest on the drawn balance equal to a floating
              rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR. On July 1, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC made a payment of US$150 million on its
              existing revolving credit facility, followed by a final payment of US$173 million on December 30, 2022. As at December 31,
              2022, the $675 million (US$500 million) facility was fully drawn, along with nil from the existing revolving credit facility.

              On November 16, 2022, Lifeco issued €500 million aggregate principal amount 4.70% senior bonds at par, maturing on
              November 16, 202, which has a carrying value of $721 million at December 31, 2022. The bonds are admitted to the Official
              List of Euronext Dublin and are listed for trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.

              Capital Trust Debentures
              Canada Life Capital Trust (CLCT), a trust established by Canada Life, had issued $150 million of Canada Life Capital Securities
              – Series B (CLiCS – Series B), the proceeds of which were used by CLCT to purchase Canada Life senior debentures in the
              amount of $150 million.

              Distributions and interest on the capital trust debentures are classified as financing charges in the statements of earnings
              (Note 24). The fair value for capital trust securities is determined by the bid-ask price.

              Subject to regulatory approval, CLCT may redeem the CLiCS – Series B, in whole or in part, at any time.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A 159




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 159                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 15           Non-Recourse Debentures and Other Debt Instruments (continued)

                                    CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
                                    The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    both cash and non-cash changes.

                                                                                                                                                             December ,         December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                    


 PART A
                                    Balance, beginning of the year                                                                                               ,                ,9
                                      Issue of senior bonds                                                                                                         9                     –
                                      Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                          ,                    
                                      Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                           (9)                 ()
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                     ()
                                    Balance, end of year                                                                                                         ,                ,

                                    The principal repayments on debentures and other debt instruments in each of the next five years and thereafter are as
                                    follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                   ,
                                                                                                                                                                                       –
                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                   ,
                                    Thereafter                                                                                                                                         ,99


                                    B) ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER – PROJECT AND OTHER DEBT
                                    The following table presents the other debt instruments held by alternative asset investment platforms and other. All other
                                    debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of the
                                    Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.

                                                                                                                                                 December ,           December , 
                                                                                                                                                Carrying           Fair     Carrying       Fair
                                                                                                                                                   value         value         value     value

                                    OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
                                    Investment Funds – secured
                                       Revolving credit facility up to $9 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus .%                                                        
                                       Revolving credit facility up to US$ million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate minus
                                         .% (US$ million)(US$ million at December , )                                                                                   
                                       Revolving loan facility up to $ million, with interest equal to banker acceptance rate plus
                                         .% or SOFR plus .% ($ million and US$ million)($ million and US$ million
                                         at December , )                                                                                                                       
                                       Senior loan due in June 9, with interest equal to Euribor plus % (€ million) []                                                –          –
                                    Renewable Energy – Project debt – secured
                                       Construction loan facilities due from January  to December , bearing interest at
                                         various rates from .% to .%, LIBOR plus .% and U.S. base rate plus .%
                                         ($ million and US$ million)($ million and US$ million at December ,
                                         )                                                                                                                           9       
                                       Loan facilities due from June  to December , bearing interest at various rates from
                                         .% to .%                                                                                                        9           9       
                                       Loan facilities due from January  to August , bearing interest at various rates from
                                         .% to .%, prime rate plus .% and LIBOR plus margin between .% and .%
                                         ($ million and US$ million)($ million and US$ million at December ,
                                         )                                                                                                      9                            
                                       Mezzanine loans due from January  to June , bearing interest at various rates
                                         from .% to .%                                                                                           9                      9       
                                    Standalone Businesses – secured
                                       Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in November , bearing interest at
                                         various rates equal to U.S. base rate or prime rate plus margin from .% to .%                                                 9         9

                                    Total alternative asset investment platforms and other                                                        ,9        ,         ,      ,
                                    [] Represents debt held by an entity controlled by an investment fund.




                                          A 160                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 160                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 15           Non-Recourse Debentures and Other Debt Instruments (continued)

              RENEWABLE ENERGY
              During the year ended December 31, 2022, Potentia Renewables Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation, entered




                                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              into non-recourse construction loan facilities of $572 million ($203 million undrawn at December 31, 2022). The facilities
              have a weighted average interest rate equal to 4.4% and mature between September 2040 and December 2042.



                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
              CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
              The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and
              non-cash changes.

                                                                                                              December ,       December ,
                                                                                                                                   

              Balance, beginning of the year                                                                       ,              ,
                Acquisitions                                                                                                          
                Derecognition                                                                                         ()             ()
                Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                   
                Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                  ()              ()
                Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                             ()
              Balance, end of year                                                                                 ,9              ,

              The principal repayments on other debt instruments in each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:

                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                      9
                                                                                                                                     
              Thereafter                                                                                                                 9




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                A 161




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 161                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 16           Other Liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                         December ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                          []




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Accounts payable                                                                                                                          ,           ,
                                    Bank overdraft                                                                                                                                           
                                    Dividends and interest payable                                                                                                                           
                                    Income taxes payable                                                                                                                                     

 PART A
                                    Deferred income reserves                                                                                                                    9             
                                    Deposits and certificates                                                                                                                 ,9           ,9
                                    Pension and other post-employment benefits [Note ]                                                                                        9           ,
                                    Lease liabilities                                                                                                                           9             
                                    Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                                                    ,9           ,
                                    Other                                                                                                                                     ,           ,
                                                                                                                                                                             ,          ,

                                    [] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the equity
                                        or net earnings of the Corporation.


                                    Other liabilities of $17,630 million as at December 31, 2022 ($13,118 million as at December 31, 2021) are expected to be settled
                                    within 12 months.

                                    LEASE LIABILITIES
                                    The changes in the lease liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                         December ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                          

                                    Lease liabilities, beginning of year                                                                                                                      9
                                      Additions                                                                                                                                               
                                      Modifications                                                                                                                                              9
                                      Lease payments                                                                                                                            ()           ()
                                      Interest                                                                                                                                                  
                                      Change in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                                 –
                                    Lease liabilities, end of year                                                                                                              9             


                                    The table below presents the contractual undiscounted cash flows for lease obligations in each of the next five years and
                                    thereafter:

                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                            9
                                                                                                                                                                                             99
                                                                                                                                                                                             9
                                    Thereafter                                                                                                                                                  
                                    Total undiscounted lease liabilities at December ,                                                                                                  ,




                                          A 162                                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 162                                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 17           Income Taxes

              INCOME TAXES
              The components of income tax expense recognized in the statements of earnings are:




                                                                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                  Years ended December ,
                                                                                                                                                                   

              Current taxes                                                                                                                       9                   

                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
              Deferred taxes
                Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                                 ()                 
                Derecognition (recognition) of previously recognized (unrecognized)
                  tax losses, tax credits and temporary differences                                                                                                   ()
                Change in tax rates and other                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                  (9)                 
                                                                                                                                                                     


              The following table shows current and deferred taxes relating to items not recognized in the statements of earnings:

                                                                                                                     December ,                      December , 
                                                                                                             Other                                Other
                                                                                                     comprehensive                        comprehensive
                                                                                                           income               Equity          income                Equity

              Current tax expense (recovery)                                                                 ()                  ()            ()                  
              Deferred tax expense (recovery)                                                                                                 9                   ()
                                                                                                              (9)                                                   


              EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
              The Corporation’s effective income tax rate is derived as follows:

                                                                                                                                                  Years ended December ,
                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                   %                     %
              Combined statutory Canadian federal and provincial tax rates                                                                       .                  .
              Increase (decrease) in the income tax rate resulting from:
                Non-taxable investment income                                                                                                      (.)                (.)
                Different tax rates applicable in local and foreign jurisdictions                                                                (.)                 (.)
                Share of earnings of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                 (.)                (.)
                Tax rate changes on deferred taxes                                                                                                  .                  .
                Other                                                                                                                               .                  .
              Effective income tax rate                                                                                                          .                  .


              In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published model rules outlining
              a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax to be implemented by participating countries at a future date, currently
              expected to be 2024. The countries where the Corporation and its subsidiaries currently operate have indicated their
              participation; however, none have implemented legislation. A number of these countries currently operate at a lower tax
              rate than the proposed minimum, and when legislation is enacted, an increase in the effective tax rate is expected. The
              Corporation and its subsidiaries are awaiting legislation and detailed guidance to assess the full implications in the
              jurisdictions in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A 163




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 163                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 17         Income Taxes (continued)

                                    DEFERRED TAXES
                                    Composition and changes in net deferred taxes are as follows:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                     Insurance
                                                                                             and     Investments
                                                                                   investment                 and                                              Defined
                                                                                       contract      investments       Loss carry       Intangible              benefit      Tax credits


 PART A
                                    For the year ended December ,                liabilities   in associates      forwards            assets               plans        and other            Total

                                    Balance, beginning of year                            ()             ()         ,            (,)                                          ()
                                    Recognized in
                                      Statements of earnings                           (,9)            ,9                             ()                ()                         9
                                      Statements of comprehensive income                     –                               –                  –              ()                ()         ()
                                      Statements of changes in equity                        –                  –             ()                ()                 –                               ()
                                    Business acquisitions                                  (9)                ()             –                                                               9
                                    Foreign exchange rate changes and other                ()              ()            9                ()                                              ()
                                    Balance, end of year                               (,9)                         ,            (,)                                           ()

                                                                                     Insurance
                                                                                             and     Investments
                                                                                   investment                 and                                              Defined
                                                                                       contract      investments       Loss carry       Intangible              benefit      Tax credits
                                    For the year ended December ,                liabilities   in associates      forwards            assets               plans        and other            Total

                                    Balance, beginning of year                            ()             ()         ,            (,)                                              
                                    Recognized in
                                      Statements of earnings                              ()                             ()           ()                 ()                         ()
                                      Statements of comprehensive income                      –                                –               –               ()              ()          (9)
                                      Statements of changes in equity                         –                                ()                                –                 –             
                                    Business acquisitions                                     –                ()                            ()                  –                ()           ()
                                    Foreign exchange rate changes and other                 (9)             ()               ()                                 –                             
                                    Balance, end of year                                  ()             ()         ,            (,)                                          ()

                                                                                                                                                                 December ,              December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                             

                                    Presented on the balance sheets as follows:
                                      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                  ,                 ,
                                      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                            (,)               (,9)
                                                                                                                                                                           ()                  ()


                                    Management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries assess the recoverability of the deferred tax asset carrying values
                                    based on future years’ taxable income projections and believes the carrying values of the deferred tax assets as of
                                    December 31, 2022 are recoverable.

                                    At December 31, 2022, a deferred tax asset of $1,61 million ($1,388 million at December 31, 2021) is recognized by Lifeco on
                                    tax loss carry forwards totalling $7,31 million. Of this amount, $4,478 million expires between 2026 and 2042, while
                                    $2,841 million has no expiry date. Lifeco will realize this benefit in future years through a reduction in current income taxes
                                    payable.




                                          A 164                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 164                                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 17           Income Taxes (continued)

              A U.S. subsidiary of Lifeco has had a history of losses. The subsidiary has a net deferred tax asset balance of $466 million
              (US$345 million) as at December 31, 2022, composed principally of net operating losses. Management of Lifeco has




                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              concluded that it is probable that the subsidiary and other historically profitable subsidiaries with which it files or intends to
              file a consolidated U.S. income tax return will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize the unused U.S. losses and
              deductions for which a deferred tax asset has been recognized.


                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
              As at December 31, 2022, the Corporation and its subsidiaries have non-capital losses of $1,44 million ($1,37 million in 2021)
              available to reduce future taxable income for which the benefits have not been recognized. Of this amount, $1,78 million
              expires from 2023 to 2042, while $146 million has no expiry date. In addition, the Corporation and its subsidiaries have capital
              loss carry forwards of $55 million ($28 million in 2021) to offset future capital gains for which the benefits have not been
              recognized. Of this amount, $44 million expires in 2027 and $515 million can be used indefinitely.

              As at December 31, 2022, the Corporation and its subsidiaries have deductible temporary differences of $621 million
              ($665 million in 2021) for which the benefits have not been recognized. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, no deferred tax
              liability was recognized in respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled
              corporations as the Corporation and its subsidiaries are able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
              and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                  A 165




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 165                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 18             Stated Capital

                                    AUTHORIZED
                                    The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

                                    ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING



 PART A
                                                                                                                              December ,                               December , 
                                                                                                                  Number                   Stated                Number                 Stated
                                                                                                                  of shares                capital               of shares              capital
                                                                                                                                                 $                                            $
                                    Non-Participating Shares
                                    First Preferred Shares
                                       Cumulative Redeemable
                                          9 Series                                                                    –                        –              ,                      
                                       Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
                                          Series A                                                          ,,                                      ,,                   
                                          Series B                                                          ,,                                      ,,                   
                                          Series C                                                          ,,                                      ,,                   
                                          Series D                                                         ,,                                     ,,                   
                                          Series G                                                          ,,                                      ,,                   
                                    Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                           9                                          9

                                    Participating Shares
                                    Participating Preferred Shares                                         ,,                                     ,,                   
                                    Subordinate Voting Shares
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                          ,,                      9,            ,,                 9,
                                        Issued under Stock Option Plan                                       ,,                                       ,,                  
                                        Purchased for cancellation under normal course issuer bid          (,9,)                     (9)             (,,9)                  ()
                                       Balance, end of year                                               ,9,                      9,            ,,                 9,

                                    To tal Participating Shares                                                                            9,                                        9,


                                    Non-Participating Shares
                                    During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation redeemed all 86,100 of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable
                                    First Preferred Shares, 186 Series for $50.00 per share (43,300 shares in 2021).

                                    The following First Preferred Shares series are entitled to fixed non-cumulative preferential cash dividends payable quarterly.
                                    The Corporation may redeem for cash the First Preferred Shares in whole or in part, at the Corporation’s option, with all
                                    declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The dividends and redemption terms are as
                                    follows:

                                                                                                Cash dividends                  Earliest issuer                                    Redemption
                                    First Preferred Shares                                    payable quarterly                 redemption date                                         price
                                                                                                      ($/share)                                                                       ($/share)
                                    Non-cumulative, fixed rate
                                      Series A, .%                                               .                    Currently redeemable                                   .
                                      Series B, .%                                               .                    Currently redeemable                                   .
                                      Series C, .%                                               .                    Currently redeemable                                   .
                                      Series D, .%                                               .                    Currently redeemable                                   .
                                      Series G, .%                                               .                    Currently redeemable                                   .




                                           A 166                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 166                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 18           Stated Capital (continued)

              Participating Shares
              Participating Preferred Shares are entitled to ten votes per share; and, subject to the rights of holders of the First Preferred




                                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              Shares, to a non-cumulative dividend of 0.38¢ per share per annum before dividends on the Subordinate Voting Shares
              and have the further right to participate, share and share alike, with the holders of the Subordinate Voting Shares in any
              dividends that may be paid with respect to the Subordinate Voting Shares.


                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
              Subordinate Voting Shares are entitled to one vote per share. In 2022, 1,683,043 Subordinate Voting Shares (3,436,756 in
              2021) were issued under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $47 million ($6 million in
              2021).

              Dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares in 2022 were $1.800 per share ($1.8375 per share in 2021).

              Normal Course Issuer Bids
              On February 25, 2021, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 24,
              2022. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Corporation purchased for cancellation 703,700 Subordinate
              Voting Shares pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $2 million (4,068,00 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $153 million
              in 2021 under this NCIB).

              On February 28, 2022, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 27, 2023 and
              the date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant
              to this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 30 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
              approximately 5.3% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 14, 2022) at market prices.
              During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation purchased for cancellation 10,515,700 Subordinate Voting
              Shares pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $386 million.

              The Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased for cancellation. The
              excess paid over the average carrying value of stated capital was $246 million and was recognized as a reduction to retained
              earnings ($2 million in 2021).

              Subsequent event
              On March 1, 2023, the Corporation commenced a NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 2, 2024 and the date
              on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to this
              bid, the Corporation may purchase up to 30 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
              approximately 5.4% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 22, 2023) at market prices. At
              March 16, 2023, the Corporation has repurchased 857,400 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $31 million.

              The Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (an "ASPP") with a designated broker to allow for the
              purchase of Subordinate Voting Shares under the NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted
              to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. The ASPP is effective March 1, 2023, the
              commencement date of the NCIB.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                A 1 67




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 167                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 19           Share-Based Compensation

                                    STOCK OPTION PLAN
                                    There are 21,366,13 Subordinate Voting Shares and 10,01,63 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved for issuance under




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock Option Plan, assumed by
                                    Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans). The plans require that the exercise price of the option must not be less than the
                                    market value of a share on the date of the grant of the option.


 PART A
                                    A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSAR or
                                    TSARs), as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and changes during the respective years ended is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                          Weighted-average                            Weighted-average
                                                                                                           Options            exercise price              Options         exercise price
                                                                                                                                           $                                          $
                                    Outstanding, beginning of year                                   ,,                      .            ,,                 .
                                      Granted                                                            ,                     .                9,                .
                                      Exercised or surrendered for cash                               (,,)                    .             (,,99)               .
                                      Forfeited and expired                                                (,)                   .                      –                    –
                                    Outstanding, end of year                                         ,,                      .            ,,                 .

                                    Options exercisable, end of year                                 ,,                      .            ,9,                 .

                                    The following table summarizes information about stock options, including TSARs, outstanding at December 31, 2022:

                                                                                                                       Options outstanding                          Options exercisable
                                                                   Expiry                       Weighted-average         Weighted-average                            Weighted-average
                                    Range of exercise prices        date              Options       remaining life           exercise price              Options         exercise price
                                    $                                                                          (yrs)                      $                                          $
                                    . – .                              ,,99                   .                  .              ,,99                .
                                    . – .                              ,,                   .                  .              ,,                .
                                    .9 – .                              ,,9                   .                  .              ,,9                .
                                    . – .9                              ,,                   .                  .              ,,                .
                                    9. – .                              ,,                   .                  .              ,,                .
                                    . – .                              ,,                   .                  9.              ,,                9.
                                    . – .                  9            ,,                   .                  .              ,,9                .
                                    .                                      ,9,                   .                  .                      –                    –
                                    . – .                                9,                   .                  .                      –                    –
                                    .                                        ,9                   9.                  .                      –                    –
                                                                                  ,,                   .                  .             ,,                .




                                          A 168                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 168                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 19           Share-Based Compensation (continued)

              TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
              The Corporation’s Stock Option Plans provide for the granting of TSARs in connection with options granted thereunder, at




                                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              or after the time of grant of such options. A TSAR entitles the optionee to surrender to the Corporation, unexercised, the
              right to subscribe for a Subordinate Voting Share pursuant to the related option and to receive from the Corporation cash
              in an amount equal to the excess of the market value of a Subordinate Voting Share over the subscription price under the


                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
              related option.

              A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and changes
              during the respective years ended is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                 Weighted-average        Fair value                   Weighted-average          Fair value
                                                                       TSARs         exercise price      of liability        TSARs        exercise price        of liability
                                                                                                     $             $                                  $                   $
              Outstanding, beginning of year                           –                          –              –               –                   –                    –
                Attached to outstanding options               ,,                      .             9       ,,               .                    
                Surrendered for cash                            (9,)                     .            ()     (,,)              .                   ()
                Exercised for Subordinate Voting
                  Shares                                                     –                       –           –        (,)               .9                    –
                Change in fair value                                         –                       –         ()             –                    –                    –
              Outstanding, end of year                        ,,                      .             9               –                     –                  –

              TSARs exercisable, end of year                  ,,                      .                              –                     –

              In 2022, the Corporation reclassified 13,621,606 options as cash-settled share-based payments and recognized a liability for
              the corresponding vested TSARs which is measured at fair value at each reporting period. The reclassification as cash-settled
              share-based payments resulted in a decrease to retained earnings and to the share-based compensation reserve of
              $54 million and $3 million, respectively.

              The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $3 million at December 31, 2022 (nil at December 31, 2021) and
              is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at December 31, 2022 was $17 million (nil at December 31,
              2021).

              The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
              average assumptions:

                                                                                                                                                           December ,
                                                                                                                                                                 

              Dividend yield                                                                                                                                         .%
              Expected volatility                                                                                                                          .% – .%
              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                        .% – .9%
              Expected life (years)                                                                                                                            . – .
              Share price ($/share)                                                                                                                              .
              Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                                         .
              Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                                               .

              In the second quarter of 2022, the Corporation entered into a total return swap agreement to manage exposure to the
              volatility of a portion of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a
              net gain of $20 million (nil in 2021) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the loss on the remeasurement
              to fair value of the derivative instrument, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of
              earnings.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           A 169




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 169                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 19         Share-Based Compensation (continued)

                                    COMPENSATION EXPENSE
                                    During the year ended December 31, 2022, Power Corporation granted 670,304 options (65,112 options in 2021) under its




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Executive Stock Option Plan. Generally, the options vest on the basis of [i] the first 50%, three years from the date of the
                                    grant and [ii] the remaining 50% four years from the date of the grant.

                                    The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following

 PART A
                                    weighted-average assumptions:

                                                                                                                                                          

                                    Dividend yield                                                                                                     .%     .9%
                                    Expected volatility                                                                                               .%    .%
                                    Risk-free interest rate                                                                                            .%     .%
                                    Expected life (years)                                                                                              9.      9.
                                    Fair value ($/option)                                                                                             .     .
                                    Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                       .    .

                                    The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
                                    expected option life.

                                    Lifeco, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to certain
                                    officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation plans.
                                    Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options or the
                                    fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. Total compensation expense
                                    relating to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries amounted to $107 million in 2022
                                    ($ million in 2021) and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.

                                    PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT PLAN
                                    Power Corporation established a Performance Share Unit (PSU) Plan for selected employees and officers (participants) to
                                    assist in retaining and further aligning the interests of participants with those of the shareholders. Under the terms of the
                                    Plan, PSUs may be awarded annually and are subject to time and performance vesting conditions. The value of each PSU is
                                    based on the share price of the Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares. The PSUs are cash settled and vest over a three-
                                    year period. Participants can elect at the time of grant to receive a portion of their PSUs in the form of performance deferred
                                    share units (PDSUs) which also vest over a three-year period. PDSUs are redeemable when a participant is no longer an
                                    employee of the Corporation or any of its affiliates, or in the event of the death of the participant, by a lump-sum cash
                                    payment based on the value of the PDSU at that time. Additional PSUs and PDSUs are issued in respect of dividends payable
                                    on Subordinate Voting Shares based on the value of the PSU or PDSU at the dividend payment date. At December 31, 2022,
                                    the carrying value of the PSU liability was $31 million ($31 million at December 31, 2021) and is recorded within other
                                    liabilities.




                                         A 1 70                                                       P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 170                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 19           Share-Based Compensation (continued)

              DEFERRED SHARE UNIT PLAN
              Power Corporation established a Deferred Share Unit (DSU) Plan for its Directors to promote a greater alignment of interests




                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              between Directors and shareholders of the Corporation. Under this Plan, Directors participating in the Plan will receive half
              of their annual retainer in the form of DSUs and may elect to receive the remainder of their annual retainer entirely in the
              form of DSUs, entirely in cash, or equally in cash and DSUs. The number of DSUs granted is determined by dividing the


                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
              amount of remuneration payable by the five-day-average closing price on the Toronto Stock Exchange of the Subordinate
              Voting Shares of the Corporation on the last five days of the fiscal quarter (the value of a DSU). A Director will receive
              additional DSUs in respect of dividends payable on the Subordinate Voting Shares, based on the value of a DSU on the date
              on which the dividends were paid on the Subordinate Voting Shares. A DSU is payable, at the time a Director’s membership
              on the Board is terminated (provided the Director is not then a director, officer or employee of an affiliate of the Corporation),
              or in the event of the death of a Director, by a lump-sum cash payment, based on the value of a DSU at that time. At
              December 31, 2022, the value of the DSUs outstanding was $33 million ($38 million at December 31, 2021) and is recorded
              within other liabilities. Alternatively, directors may participate in a Share Purchase Plan for Directors.

              EMPLOYEE SHARE PURCHASE PROGRAM
              Power Corporation established an Employee Share Purchase Program, giving employees the opportunity to subscribe for
              up to 6% of their gross salary to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation on the open market. Power
              Corporation invests, on the employee’s behalf, up to an equal amount.

              OTHER SHARE-BASED AWARDS OF SUBSIDIARIES
              Power Financial and other subsidiaries of the Corporation have also established other share-based awards and performance
              share unit plans (plans) for their directors, management and employees. Some of these plans are cash settled and included
              within other liabilities. Total compensation expense related to these subsidiary plans amounted to $67 million in 2022
              ($365 million in 2021, which included the increase in the put right liability of certain option holders in Wealthsimple) and
              was recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                   A 171




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 171                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 20            Non-Controlling Interests

                                    The carrying value of non-controlling interests consists of the following:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                              Power
                                    December ,                                                                   Lifeco               IGM            Financial      Other      Total

                                    Common shareholders                                                               ,              ,                   –               9,
                                    Preferred shareholders                                                            ,                  –               ,          –       ,


 PART A
                                    Participating account surplus                                                     ,                  –                   –          –       ,
                                    Limited recourse capital notes                                                    ,                  –                   –          –       ,
                                                                                                                     ,              ,               ,              ,

                                                                                                                                                              Power
                                    December ,                                                                   Lifeco               IGM            Financial      Other      Total

                                    Common shareholders                                                               ,              ,9                   –        9       9,
                                    Preferred shareholders                                                            ,                  –               ,          –       ,
                                    Participating account surplus                                                     ,                  –                   –          –       ,
                                    Limited recourse capital notes                                                    ,                  –                   –          –       ,
                                                                                                                     ,              ,9               ,        9      9,9

                                    The changes in non-controlling interests are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                              Power
                                    December ,                                                                   Lifeco               IGM            Financial      Other      Total

                                    Non-controlling interests, beginning of year                                     ,              ,9               ,        9      9,9
                                      Net earnings (losses) attributable to
                                         non-controlling interests                                                    ,                                          (9)     ,
                                      Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to
                                         non-controlling interests                                                        ()                                  –                    ()
                                      Dividends                                                                         ()              ()               ()         –       (9)
                                      Issuance of equity instruments, net of repurchase of
                                         common shares and redemption of preferred shares                                                 ()                      –              
                                      Effect of changes in ownership interest and other                                                                           –              
                                    Non-controlling interests, end of year                                           ,              ,               ,              ,


                                                                                                                                                              Power
                                    December ,                                                                   Lifeco               IGM            Financial      Other      Total

                                    Non-controlling interests, beginning of year                                     ,              ,               ,        9      ,
                                      Net earnings (losses) attributable to
                                         non-controlling interests                                                    ,                                          ()     ,
                                      Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to
                                         non-controlling interests                                                       ()                                   –          ()       
                                      Dividends                                                                        ()               ()               ()          –      (9)
                                      Issuance of limited recourse capital notes                                      ,                   –                   –           –     ,
                                      Issuance of equity instruments, net of repurchase of
                                         common shares and redemption of preferred shares                                                                        –   9        
                                      Effect of changes in ownership interest and other []                               ()                                      –    (9)      
                                    Non-controlling interests, end of year                                           ,              ,9               ,        9      9,9

                                    [] Includes the effect of the Wealthsimple primary and secondary equity offerings and the extinguishment of put rights as described below.




                                          A 172                                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 172                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 20            Non-Controlling Interests (continued)

              Financial information of Lifeco and IGM as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022 can be obtained from their publicly
              available financial statements. Summarized financial information for Lifeco and IGM is as follows:




                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                       Lifeco     IGM       Lifeco           IGM

              Balance sheet

                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
                Assets                                                                               ,    ,    ,       ,
                Liabilities                                                                          9,    ,    ,       ,
                Equity                                                                                ,     ,     ,        ,

              Comprehensive income
                Net earnings                                                                           ,             ,            9
                Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                        9      (9)                   9

              Cash flows
                Operating activities                                                                   ,            ,          9
                Financing activities                                                                    ()   (,9)      (99)      (,)
                Investing activities                                                                  (,9)          (,)       ,99


              POWER FINANCIAL
              Preferred Shares
              On October 15, 2021, Power Financial issued 8,000,000 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series 23 at $25.00
              per share for gross proceeds of $200 million.

              On November 22, 2021, Power Financial redeemed all 8,000,000 of its outstanding 6.00% Non-Cumulative First Preferred
              Shares, Series I for a total of $200 million.


              LIFECO
              Limited Recourse Capital Notes
              On August 16, 2021, Lifeco issued $1,500 million aggregate principal amount 3.60% Limited Recourse Capital Notes Series 1
              (Subordinated Indebtedness) at par, maturing on December 31, 2081 (LRCN Series 1). The LRCN Series 1 had a fair value of
              $1,125 million at December 31, 2022.

              Preferred Shares
              On October 8, 2021, Lifeco issued 8,000,000 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series Y at $25.00 per share for
              gross proceeds of $200 million.

              On December 31, 2021, Lifeco redeemed all 7,740,032 of its outstanding 5.0% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares,
              Series F for a total of $14 million.


              WEALTHSIMPLE
              On May 12, 2021, Wealthsimple announced the closing of a $750 million equity offering, consisting of a $250 million primary
              offering by Wealthsimple, as well as a $500 million secondary offering by the Corporation, IGM and Lifeco pro rata to their
              respective ownership interests. As a result of the secondary offering, the Corporation received proceeds of $500 million. As
              well, the existing put rights held by non-controlling interests and option holders of Wealthsimple were extinguished. At the
              close of the transaction, the Corporation held a combined equity interest of 56.0% in Wealthsimple.

              In the first quarter of 2021, the fair value increase in Wealthsimple resulted in charges included in the operating and
              administrative expenses in the statements of earnings related to the remeasurement of the put right liability of certain of
              the non-controlling interests and option holders in Wealthsimple to fair value and carried interest payable totalling
              $332 million.

              In the second quarter of 2021, following the close of the primary and secondary offerings and the extinguishment of the put
              rights, the Corporation recorded an increase in retained earnings of $638 million ($53 million net of income taxes), in share-
              based compensation reserve of $11 million and in non-controlling interests of $368 million.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A 173




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 173                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 21         Capital Management

                                    POWER CORPORATION
                                    As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                     provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                     provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                       and other investments as opportunities arise;

 PART A
                                     maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                       capital;
                                     maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                     maintain available cash and cash equivalents at or above a minimum of two times fixed charges.
                                    The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order
                                    to maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return
                                    capital to shareholders or issue capital.

                                    The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
                                    and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent
                                    capital. The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and
                                    fixed income securities for liquidity purposes.

                                    The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                    responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                    Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                    repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                    subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                    management.

                                    The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Lifeco and certain of
                                    its main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
                                    requirements and they manage their capital as described below.


                                    LIFECO
                                    Lifeco manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary
                                    objectives of Lifeco’s capital management strategy are:

                                     to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                       regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                     to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Lifeco ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                     to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Lifeco’s operational risks and
                                       strategic plans.

                                    The target level of capitalization for Lifeco and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the
                                    probability of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views
                                    expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Lifeco, and the desire to hold
                                    sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Lifeco with a high degree of confidence.

                                    Management of Lifeco is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring
                                    the capital plan.




                                         A 1 74                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 174                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 21           Capital Management (continued)

              Lifeco’s subsidiaries Canada Life, Empower and entities based in Europe are subject to minimum regulatory capital
              requirements.




                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
               In Canada, the OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies
                incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital
                Adequacy Test (LICAT). The LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital

                                                                                                                                                                           PART A
                defined by OSFI as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements multiplied by a scalar of 1.05. The total capital
                resources are provided by the sum of available capital, surplus allowance and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a
                supervisory target total ratio of 100%, and a supervisory minimum total ratio of 0%. Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT
                ratio at December 31, 2022 was 120% (124% at December 31, 2021).
               For entities based in Europe, the local solvency capital regime is the Solvency II basis. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, all
                Lifeco’s European regulated entities met the capital and solvency requirements as prescribed under Solvency II.
               Empower is subject to the risk-based capital regulatory regime in the U.S.
               Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of Lifeco are required to comply with local capital or solvency
                requirements in their respective jurisdictions. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Lifeco maintained capital levels above the
                minimum local regulatory requirements in each of its other foreign operations.


              IGM FINANCIAL
              IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
              which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
              management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
              a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
              conditions.

              IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
              investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.

              The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers,
              exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are
              required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At
              December 31, 2022 and 2021, IGM subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.


              ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
              Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
              order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
              liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital
              requirements.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                               A 1 75




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 175                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 22          Risk Management

                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
                                    monitor, report and mitigate material risks associated with financial instruments. The key risks related to financial




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.

                                     Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations
                                        as they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.

 PART A
                                     Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails
                                      to meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit
                                      spreads on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
                                     Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate as a result of
                                      changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and equity
                                      risk.

                                            Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and
                                             associates operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different
                                             points in time at different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
                                            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest
                                             rates.
                                            Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising
                                             from volatility in equity markets.

                                    Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
                                    changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly
                                    from these estimates for a variety of reasons, including:

                                     assessment of the circumstances that led to the scenario may lead to changes in (re)investment approaches and interest
                                        rate scenarios considered;
                                       changes in actuarial, investment return and future investment activity assumptions;
                                       actual experience differing from the assumptions;
                                       changes in business mix, effective tax rates and other market factors;
                                       interactions among these factors and assumptions when more than one changes; and
                                       the general limitations of internal models.

                                    For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
                                    respective factors based on the assumptions outlined above. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot
                                    provide assurance that the actual impact on net earnings will be as indicated.

                                    The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments. In the first section
                                    below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and the Corporation’s
                                    alternative asset investment platforms and other (other subsidiaries) are discussed. Risks related to Lifeco and IGM are
                                    discussed in subsequent sections.




                                          A 1 76                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 176                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 22           Risk Management (continued)

              POWER CORPORATION, POWER FINANCIAL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
              Liquidity risk




                                                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              Power Corporation is a holding company. As such, the holding company’s cash flows are principally derived from dividends
              received from its subsidiaries and income from investments, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes and
              payment of dividends to its participating and non-participating shareholders. As a holding company, the Corporation’s


                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
              ability to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries and
              other investments. Lifeco and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
              regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s subsidiaries are also subject to minimum
              capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the
              operating subsidiary to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the Corporation in future periods
              remains at the discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial
              position and creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well as on their ability to pay dividends.

              Power Corporation and Power Financial regularly review their liquidity requirements and seek to maintain sufficient levels
              of liquidities to meet their operating expenses, financing charges and payment of preferred share dividends for a reasonable
              period of time, as defined in their policies. The ability of Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries to arrange
              additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing market conditions as well as the business performance
              and risk profile of Power Corporation, Power Financial and their subsidiaries.

              Liquidity is also available through the Corporation’s lines of credit with Canadian banks. The Corporation has a committed
              line of credit of $500 million. The Corporation also maintains an uncommitted line of credit of $100 million, and any
              advances are at the bank’s sole discretion. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation was not utilizing its committed
              line of credit or uncommitted line of credit. Other subsidiaries also have committed lines of credit of $506 million with
              Canadian and U.S. banks ($421 million was undrawn at December 31, 2022).

              Principal repayments on debentures and other debt instruments, and pension funding (other than those of Lifeco and IGM
              discussed below) represent the only significant contractual liquidity requirements. Contractual maturities of certain liabilities
              were as follows:

                                                                                                                       Payments due by period
                                                                                                     Less than                          After
              December ,                                                                           year   – years             years           Total

              Deposits and certificates                                                                ,           –                  –        ,
              Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                    –           –                          
              Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                                                ,9        ,
              Future lease payments                                                                                                          
              Pension contributions                                                                                  –                  –           
                                                                                                       ,                       ,        ,9

              Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
              liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.

              Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ management of liquidity risk has not changed materially since
              December 31, 2021.

              Credit risk
              Fixed income securities and derivatives are subject to credit risk. Power Corporation and Power Financial manage credit risk
              on their fixed income securities by adhering to an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure
              limits by defining admissible securities, minimum ratings and concentration limits.

              Fixed income securities, which are included in investments and in cash and cash equivalents, consist primarily of bonds,
              bankers’ acceptances and highly liquid temporary deposits with Canadian chartered banks and banks in jurisdictions where
              Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries operate, as well as bonds and short-term securities of, or
              guaranteed by, the Canadian or U.S. governments. Power Corporation and Power Financial regularly review the credit ratings
              of their counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is their carrying value.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               A 177




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 177                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 22         Risk Management (continued)

                                    Derivatives can also be used to mitigate foreign exchange or equity exposures. Power Corporation and Power Financial
                                    regularly review the credit ratings of derivative financial instrument counterparties. Derivative contracts are over-the-counter




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    with counterparties that are highly rated financial institutions.

                                    Other subsidiaries are also exposed to credit risk through derivative contracts used to hedge interest rate risk or mitigate
                                    foreign exchange exposures. Other subsidiaries regularly review the credit ratings of their counterparties. The exposure to

 PART A
                                    credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.

                                    Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and
                                    cash equivalents, fixed income securities and derivatives have not changed materially since December 31, 2021.

                                    Market risk
                                    Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
                                    equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans, investment funds and
                                    hedge funds), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

                                    a)   Foreign exchange risk
                                    In managing their own cash and cash equivalents as well as fixed income securities, Power Corporation, Power Financial
                                    and other subsidiaries may hold cash balances denominated in foreign currencies and thus be exposed to fluctuations in
                                    exchange rates. In order to protect against such fluctuations, Power Corporation and Power Financial may from time to time
                                    enter into currency-hedging transactions with highly rated financial institutions. As at December 31, 2022, approximately
                                    75% (73% as at December 31, 2021) of Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and cash equivalents
                                    and fixed income securities were denominated in Canadian dollars.

                                    Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as available for sale or as
                                    fair value through profit or loss. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as available for sale, resulting from
                                    foreign exchange rate variations, are recorded in other comprehensive income until realized. Unrealized gains and losses on
                                    investments classified as fair value through profit or loss, resulting from foreign exchange rate variations, are recorded directly
                                    in net earnings. As at December 31, 2022, the impact of a 5% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
                                    would result in an unrealized loss recorded in other comprehensive income or a loss recorded in net earnings of
                                    approximately $77 million and $34 million, respectively ($55 million and $35 million at December 31, 2021, respectively).
                                    Power Corporation’s and Power Financial’s debentures are denominated in Canadian dollars.

                                    Power Corporation has net investments in foreign operations. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains
                                    and losses from net investments in foreign operations are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or
                                    weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar and Chinese renminbi spot rates impacts the
                                    Corporation’s total equity.

                                    Power Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in GBL held through Parjointco as its functional
                                    currency is the euro. Foreign currency translation gains and losses on this investment are recorded in other comprehensive
                                    income. As at December 31, 2022, the impact of a 5% increase (decrease) in Canadian currency relative to the foreign
                                    currency would decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of foreign investment by approximately $163 million
                                    ($214 million in 2021).

                                    Power Corporation is also exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC. Foreign currency translation
                                    gains and losses on this investment are recorded in other comprehensive income. As at December 31, 2022, the impact of a
                                    5% increase (decrease) in Canadian currency relative to the foreign currency would decrease (increase) the aggregate
                                    carrying value of foreign investment by approximately $3 million ($38 million in 2021).

                                    b)   Interest rate risk
                                    Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments do not have significant exposure to interest
                                    rate risk.




                                         A 178                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 178                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 22            Risk Management (continued)

              c)    Equity risk
              Other investments are reviewed periodically to determine whether there is objective evidence of an impairment in value.




                                                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              During the year, the Corporation recorded investment impairment charges on available-for-sale investments of $18 million
              (nil in 2021). As at December 31, 2022, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power
              Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $5 million ($110 million as at

                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
              December 31, 2021) unrealized loss recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as available
              for sale and $147 million ($128 million as at December 31, 2021) of loss recorded in net earnings related to investments
              classified as fair value through profit or loss and investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at
              fair value through profit or loss.

              GBL holds a portfolio of investments which the Corporation has classified as available for sale. Unrealized gains and losses
              on these investments are recorded in other comprehensive income until realized. These investments are reviewed
              periodically to determine whether there is objective evidence of an impairment in value. As at December 31, 2022, the
              impact of a 10% decline in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $282 million ($35 million in 2021) of
              unrealized loss to be recorded in other comprehensive income, representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s
              unrealized losses.

              Power Corporation and Power Financial sponsor a number of deferred compensation arrangements for employees where
              payments to participants are deferred and linked to the performance of the common shares of Power Corporation. Power
              Corporation and Power Financial hedge their exposure to the equity risk associated with their PSU Plans through the use of
              total return swaps.


              LIFECO
              The risk committee of the board of directors of Lifeco is responsible for the oversight of Lifeco’s key risks.

              Liquidity risk
              Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage liquidity risk:

               Lifeco closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting earned
                and required yields to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets. Approximately 35%
                (approximately 48% in 2021) of insurance and investment contract liabilities are non-cashable prior to maturity or claim,
                with a further approximately 30% (approximately 24% in 2021) of insurance and investment contract liabilities subject to
                fair value adjustments under certain conditions.
               Management of Lifeco closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                requirements at its holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                market transactions. At December 31, 2022, Lifeco maintained $50 million of liquidity at its level through committed
                lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks. As well, Lifeco maintains a US$500 million revolving credit agreement and
                a US$500 million non-revolving credit agreement at Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a US$300 million revolving credit
                agreement with a syndicate of banks for use by Putnam, and a US$50 million line of credit at Empower.

              In the normal course of business, Lifeco enters into contracts that give rise to commitments of future minimum payments
              that impact short-term and long-term liquidity. The following table summarizes the principal repayment schedule of certain
              of Lifeco’s financial liabilities.

                                                                                                                                        Payments due by period
                                                                                                                                                           After
              December ,                                                    year               years    years     years          years         years            Total

              Debentures and other debt instruments                             ,                    –                                      ,9            ,
              Capital trust debentures []                                          –                    –         –          –               –                           
              Purchase obligations                                                                          9                                                   
              Pension contributions                                                                   –         –          –               –              –               
                                                                                ,                                                        ,9            ,

              [] Payments due have not been reduced to reflect that Lifeco held capital trust securities of $37 million principal amount ($44 million carrying value).




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  A 179




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 179                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 22            Risk Management (continued)

                                    Credit risk
                                    Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage credit risk:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                     Investment and risk policies aim to minimize undue concentration within issuers, connected companies, industries or
                                         individual geographies.
                                     Investment and risk limits specify minimum and maximum limits for each asset class.

 PART A
                                     Identification of credit risk through an internal credit risk rating system which includes a detailed assessment of an
                                         obligor’s creditworthiness. Internal credit risk ratings cannot be higher than the highest rating provided by certain
                                         independent ratings companies.
                                        Portfolios are monitored continuously, and reviewed regularly with the risk committee and the investment committee of
                                         the board of directors of Lifeco.
                                        Credit risk associated with derivative instruments is evaluated quarterly based on conditions that existed at the balance
                                         sheet date, using practices that are at least as conservative as those recommended by regulators. Lifeco manages
                                         derivative credit risk by including derivative exposure to aggregate credit exposures measured against rating-based
                                         obligor limits and through collateral arrangements where possible.
                                        Counterparties providing reinsurance to Lifeco are reviewed for financial soundness as part of an ongoing monitoring
                                         process. The minimum financial strength of reinsurers is outlined in Lifeco’s Reinsurance Risk Management Policy. Lifeco
                                         seeks to minimize reinsurance credit risk by setting rating-based limits on net ceded exposure by counterparty as well as
                                         by seeking protection in the form of collateral or funds-withheld arrangements where possible.
                                        Investment guidelines also specify collateral requirements.

                                    a)    Maximum exposure to credit risk
                                    The following table summarizes Lifeco’s maximum exposure to credit risk related to financial instruments. The maximum
                                    credit exposure is the carrying value of the asset net of any allowances for losses.

                                                                                                                                                                         December ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                          

                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                 ,9            ,
                                    Bonds
                                       Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                    ,         ,
                                       Available for sale                                                                                                                    ,          ,
                                       Loans and receivables                                                                                                                 ,9          ,
                                    Mortgage loans                                                                                                                           9,9          ,
                                    Loans to policyholders                                                                                                                    ,           ,9
                                    Funds held by ceding insurers []                                                                                                        ,          ,9
                                    Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                       ,          ,
                                    Interest due and accrued                                                                                                                  ,9           ,9
                                    Accounts receivable                                                                                                                       ,           ,
                                    Premiums in course of collection                                                                                                          ,           ,9
                                    Trading account assets                                                                                                                    ,9           ,
                                    Finance leases receivable                                                                                                                                
                                    Other assets []                                                                                                                          ,99           ,9
                                    Derivative assets                                                                                                                         ,             9
                                    Total balance sheet maximum credit exposure                                                                                             ,         ,

                                    [] Includes $11,80 million as at December 31, 2022 ($15,125 million as at December 31, 2021) of funds held by ceding insurers where Lifeco retains the credit risk
                                        of the assets supporting the liabilities ceded (see Note 6).
                                    [] Includes items such as income taxes receivable and miscellaneous other assets of Lifeco.




                                           A 180                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 180                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 22           Risk Management (continued)

              Credit risk is also mitigated by entering into collateral agreements. The amount and type of collateral required depends on
              an assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty. Guidelines have been implemented regarding the acceptability of types




                                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              of collateral and the valuation parameters. Management of Lifeco monitors the value of the collateral, requests additional
              collateral when needed and performs an impairment valuation when applicable. Lifeco had $1,348 million of collateral
              received from counterparties as at December 31, 2022 ($318 million as at December 31, 2021) relating to derivative assets.


                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
              As at December 31, 2022, $12,061 million of the $25,018 million of reinsurance assets are ceded to Protective Life
              ($14,512 million of $21,138 million at December 31, 2021). This concentration risk is mitigated by funds held in trust and other
              arrangements of $13,685 million as at December 31, 2022 ($15,63 million at December 31, 2021).

              b)    Concentrations of credit risk
              Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
              have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
              characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
              meet obligations as they come due.

              The following table provides details of the carrying value of bonds of Lifeco by issuer, industry sector and business:

                                                                                                                                               December , 
                                                                                                                                Capital and
                                                                                        Canada       United States   Europe   Risk Solutions                Total

              Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
                Treasuries                                                                9                      ,9         ,               ,9
                Government-related                                                     ,             ,       ,                          ,
                Agency securitized                                                                     ,           –                            ,
                Non-agency securitized                                                  ,            ,                                   ,
                Financials                                                              ,            ,       ,           9               ,
                Communications                                                          ,             ,                                    ,
                Consumer products                                                       ,            ,9       ,           9               ,99
                Energy                                                                  ,             ,9                                    ,
                Industrials                                                             ,             ,       ,                          ,
                Technology                                                                             ,9         9           9                ,9
                Transportation                                                          ,             ,9                                    ,
                Utilities                                                               9,             ,       ,                          ,9
                Short-term bonds                                                        ,                                                    ,
                                                                                       ,            ,9      ,         ,              9,

                                                                                                                                               December , 
                                                                                                                                Capital and
                                                                                        Canada       United States   Europe   Risk Solutions                Total

              Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
                Treasuries                                                                9                9     ,         ,               ,
                Government-related                                                     9,              ,      ,9           9               ,
                Agency securitized                                                                        9          –                              9
                Non-agency securitized                                                  ,              ,      ,9                          ,
                Financials                                                              ,9              ,      ,                          ,9
                Communications                                                          ,              ,      ,                           ,
                Consumer products                                                       ,9              ,      ,                          ,
                Energy                                                                  ,              ,                                   ,
                Industrials                                                             ,9              ,      ,9                           ,
                Technology                                                                9              ,                   9                ,9
                Transportation                                                          ,              ,        9                           ,9
                Utilities                                                               9,9              ,      ,                          9,9
                Short-term bonds                                                        ,              ,9                   9                ,
                                                                                       ,            ,      ,         ,              ,




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                   A 181




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 181                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 22             Risk Management (continued)

                                    The following table provides details of the carrying value of mortgage loans of Lifeco by business:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                          Single-family    Multi-family                 Equity-
                                    December ,                                         residential    residential                 release            Commercial            Total

                                    Canada                                                      ,          ,                    ,9                   9,        ,
                                    United States                                                   –          ,                        –                  ,        ,9


 PART A
                                    Europe                                                          –            9                    ,                   ,         ,
                                    Capital and Risk Solutions                                      –                                                                    
                                                                                                ,         ,                    ,                  ,9        9,9

                                                                                          Single-family    Multi-family                 Equity-
                                    December ,                                         residential    residential                 release            Commercial           Total

                                    Canada                                                      ,99           ,9                   ,                   9,        ,
                                    United States                                                   –           ,                       –                   ,9         ,
                                    Europe                                                          –             9                   ,                   ,         ,9
                                    Capital and Risk Solutions                                      –                                     –                                  
                                                                                                ,99           ,                   ,9                 ,         ,


                                    c)   Asset quality
                                                                                                                                                          December ,   December ,
                                    Bond Portfolio Quality                                                                                                                 

                                    AAA                                                                                                                       ,99         ,
                                    AA                                                                                                                        ,         ,
                                    A                                                                                                                         ,         ,
                                    BBB                                                                                                                       ,         ,9
                                    BB and lower                                                                                                               ,          ,
                                                                                                                                                             9,        ,



                                                                                                                                                          December ,   December ,
                                    Derivative Portfolio Quality                                                                                                           

                                    Over-the-counter contracts (counterparty credit ratings):
                                    AA                                                                                                                          ,            
                                    A                                                                                                                             9            
                                    Exchange-traded                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                ,            9


                                    d)   Loans past due, but not impaired
                                    Loans that are past due but not considered impaired are loans for which scheduled payments have not been received, but
                                    management of Lifeco has reasonable assurance of collection of the full amount of principal and interest due. The following
                                    table provides carrying values of the loans past due, but not impaired:

                                                                                                                                                          December ,   December ,
                                                                                                                                                                           

                                    Less than  days                                                                                                                         
                                    –9 days                                                                                                                                 
                                    Greater than 9 days                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                ,            9




                                           A 182                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 182                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 22           Risk Management (continued)

              e)    Future asset credit losses
              The following outlines the future asset credit losses provided for in insurance contract liabilities. These amounts are in




                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              addition to the allowance for asset losses included with assets:

                                                                                                                  December ,    December ,
                                                                                                                                    


                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
              Participating                                                                                             ,          ,
              Non-participating                                                                                         ,9          ,9
                                                                                                                        ,          ,


              Market risk
              a) Foreign exchange risk
              If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
              rates can expose Lifeco to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases. Lifeco has net investments in
              foreign operations. Lifeco’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros and U.S. dollars. In accordance with
              IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of related hedging
              activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar
              spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Lifeco’s total equity. Correspondingly,
              Lifeco’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.

              The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to foreign exchange risk:

               Lifeco uses financial measures such as constant currency calculations to monitor the effect of currency translation
                   fluctuations.
               Investments are normally made in the same currency as the liabilities supported by those investments. Segmented
                   Investment Guidelines include maximum tolerances for unhedged currency mismatch exposures.
               For assets backing liabilities not matched by currency, Lifeco would normally convert the assets back to the currency of
                   the liability using foreign exchange contracts.
               A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting
                in an immaterial change to net earnings.
               A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to decrease non-participating
                insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting
                in an immaterial change to net earnings.

              b)    Interest rate risk
              The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to interest rate risk:

               Lifeco uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund
                   assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
               Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
               Where these products have benefit or expense payments that are dependent on inflation (inflation-indexed annuities,
                pensions and disability claims), Lifeco generally invests in real return instruments to hedge its real dollar liability cash
                flows. Some protection against changes in the inflation index is achieved as any related change in the fair value of the
                assets will be largely offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
               For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets or real
                estate whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to match certain
                period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and the rest are duration
                matched. Hedging instruments are employed where necessary when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments
                to minimize loss exposure to interest rate changes. To the extent these cash flows are matched, protection against
                interest rate change is achieved and any change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair
                value of the liabilities.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                 A 183




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 183                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 22             Risk Management (continued)

                                     For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash
                                         flows of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments or equities, as described below.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                     For products that provide policyholders the right to redeem balances at book value, Lifeco has product features to
                                         mitigate interest rate risk.
                                     The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of

 PART A
                                         asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.

                                    Projected cash flows from the current assets and liabilities are used in the CALM to determine insurance contract liabilities.
                                    Valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of returns on supporting assets, fixed income, equity and inflation.
                                    The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future reinvestment rates and inflation assumptions with an assumed
                                    correlation together with margins for adverse deviation set in accordance with professional standards. These margins are
                                    necessary to provide for possibilities of misestimation and/or future deterioration in the best estimate assumptions and
                                    provide reasonable assurance that insurance contract liabilities cover a range of possible outcomes. Margins are reviewed
                                    periodically for continued appropriateness.

                                    Projected cash flows from fixed income assets used in actuarial calculations are reduced to provide for potential asset default
                                    losses. The net effective yield rate reduction averaged 0.11% in 2022 (0.11% in 2021). The calculation for future credit losses on
                                    assets is based on the credit quality of the underlying asset portfolio.

                                    Testing under a number of interest rate scenarios (including increasing, decreasing and fluctuating rates) is done to assess
                                    reinvestment risk because Lifeco’s sensitivity to interest rate movements varies at different terms.

                                    The total provision for interest rates is sufficient to cover a broader or more severe set of risks than the minimum arising from
                                    the current Canadian Institute of Actuaries-prescribed scenarios. The range of interest rates covered by these provisions is
                                    set in consideration of long-term historical results and is monitored quarterly with a full review annually.

                                    The impact to the value of liabilities from an immediate parallel 1% increase or 1% decrease in the interest rates would be
                                    largely offset by changes in the value of assets supporting the liabilities. Actual movements in interest rates may produce
                                    different impacts on the value of liabilities, net of changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities, depending on the
                                    extent of the change in interest rates in different geographies and at different durations. An immediate 1% increase in
                                    interest rates in Canada could lead to an increase in the value of liabilities, net of changes in the value of assets supporting
                                    liabilities, and a decrease in net earnings, but the impact would not be expected to be material.

                                    The following table provides information on the impact to the value of liabilities net of changes in the value of assets
                                    supporting liabilities of an immediate parallel 1% increase or 1% decrease in the interest rates as well as a corresponding
                                    parallel shift in the ultimate reinvestment rates, as defined in the actuarial standards.

                                                                                                                                                      December ,                   December , 
                                                                                                                                            % increase        % decrease []   % increase   % decrease []

                                    Change in interest rates
                                    Increase (decrease) in non-participating insurance
                                      and investment contract liabilities                                                                            (9)                          (9)            
                                    Increase (decrease) in net earnings                                                                               9               (9)           9            ()
                                    [] For the 1% decrease, initial risk-free yields are floored at zero, wherever risk-free yields are not currently negative.

                                    The earnings sensitivities illustrated in this section represent impacts under the accounting policies as at December 31, 2022,
                                    including accounting for insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and financial instruments under IAS 3. These sensitivities may
                                    change on transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS .

                                    c)    Equity risk
                                    Lifeco has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly defined
                                    limits to mitigate price risk.

                                    The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been
                                    mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest rate derivatives.




                                           A 184                                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 184                                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 22           Risk Management (continued)

              Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common
              shares and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds,




                                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              private equities, and equity-release mortgages. The value of the liabilities may fluctuate with changes in the value of the
              supporting assets. The liabilities for other products such as segregated fund products with guarantees also fluctuate with
              equity values.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
              There may be additional market and liability impacts as a result of changes in the value of publicly traded common shares
              and other non-fixed income assets that will cause the liabilities to fluctuate differently than the equity values. This means
              that there is a greater impact on net earnings from larger decreases in equity values, relative to the change in equity values.
              Decreases in equity values beyond those shown in the table below would have a greater impact on net earnings, relative to
              the change in equity values.

              The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
              value of publicly traded common shares on insurance and investment contract liabilities and on the net earnings. The
              expected impacts take into account the expected changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities and hedge assets.

                                                                                                     December ,                                          December , 
                                                                                 Increase                     Decrease                    Increase                        Decrease
                                                                   %               %             %         %             %         %               %             %

              Change in publicly traded
                 common share values
              Increase (decrease) in
                non-participating insurance and
                investment contract liabilities                     ()              ()                                  ()           ()                           
              Increase (decrease) in net earnings                                                ()        ()                                      (9)            ()

              The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
              value of other non-fixed income assets on insurance and investment contract liabilities and on the net earnings. The
              expected impacts take into account the expected changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities.

                                                                                                     December ,                                          December , 
                                                                                Increase                     Decrease                    Increase                        Decrease
                                                                  %                 %              %         %             %            %               %            %

              Change in other non-fixed
                income asset values
              Increase (decrease) in
                non-participating insurance and
                investment contract liabilities                     ()              ()            9                      (9)           ()                          
              Increase (decrease) in net earnings                                                ()        ()            9             9             ()           ()


              The Canadian Institute of Actuaries Standards of Practice for the valuation of insurance contract liabilities establish limits on
              the investment return assumptions for publicly traded common shares and other non-fixed income assets which are
              generally based on historical returns on market indices. The sensitivities shown in the tables above allow for the impact of
              changes in these limits following market decreases.

              The best estimate return assumptions for publicly traded common shares and other non-fixed income assets are primarily
              based on long-term historical averages. The following provides information on the expected impacts of a 1% increase or a
              1% decrease in the best estimate assumptions:

                                                                                                                           December ,                    December , 
                                                                                                                  % increase     % decrease          % increase     % decrease

              Change in best estimate return assump tions
              Increase (decrease) in non-participating insurance contract liabilities                                    ()                           ()               9
              Increase (decrease) in net earnings                                                                                    ()                               (9)

              Lifeco sponsors a number of deferred compensation arrangements for employees where payments to participants are
              deferred and linked to the performance of the common shares of Lifeco. Lifeco hedges its exposure to the equity risk
              associated with its PSU Plan through the use of total return swaps.



                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A 185




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 185                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 22            Risk Management (continued)

                                    The earnings sensitivities illustrated in this section represent impacts under the accounting policies as at December 31, 2022,
                                    including accounting for insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and financial instruments under IAS 3. These sensitivities may




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    change on transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS .


                                    IGM FINANCIAL

 PART A
                                    The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
                                    the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.

                                    Liquidity risk
                                    IGM’s liquidity management practices include:

                                       Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
                                       Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
                                       Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                                       Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                                       Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
                                       Oversight of liquidity by management and by the financial risk management committee, a committee of finance and
                                        other IGM business leaders.

                                    A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
                                    products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.

                                    IGM also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and temporarily hold mortgages pending sale or securitization to long-term
                                    funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking operations, residential
                                    mortgages are sold to third parties including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through private placements,
                                    Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed
                                    Securities (NHA MBS), including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the Canada Mortgage Bond Program (CMB Program).

                                    Certain subsidiaries of IGM are approved issuers of NHA MBS and are approved sellers into the CMB Program. Capacity for
                                    sales under the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held
                                    in principal reinvestment accounts.

                                    IGM maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts.

                                    IGM’s contractual maturities of certain liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                Payments due by period
                                                                                                                                         Less than                               After
                                    December ,                                                                  Demand                 year           – years          years     Total

                                    Derivative financial instruments                                                        –                                                  –         
                                    Deposits and certificates []                                                       ,                   –                                       ,
                                    Obligations to securitization entities                                                  –                 9               ,                   ,
                                    Future lease payments                                                                   –                                    9            9        
                                    Debentures                                                                              –                   –                           ,      ,
                                    Pension contributions                                                                   –                                      –              –          
                                    Total contractual maturities                                                        ,               ,               ,          ,     ,

                                    [] Deposits and certificates due on demand are primarily offset by IGM’s client funds held on deposit.


                                    In addition to IGM’s current balance of cash and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through IGM’s lines of credit. IGM’s
                                    lines of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled $825 million as at December 31, 2022, unchanged
                                    from December 31, 2021. The lines of credit as at December 31, 2022 consisted of committed lines of $650 million and
                                    uncommitted lines of $175 million, unchanged from December 31, 2021. Any advances made by the banks under the
                                    uncommitted lines are at the banks’ sole discretion. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, IGM was not utilizing its committed
                                    lines of credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.

                                    IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2021.




                                          A 186                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 186                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 22           Risk Management (continued)

              Credit risk
              IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, other investment holdings, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk.




                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              IGM monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.

              At December 31, 2022, IGM’s cash and cash equivalents of $1,073 million ($1,22 million in 2021) consisted of cash balances
              of $346 million ($326 million in 2021) on deposit with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of $727 million

                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
              ($66 million in 2021). IGM manages credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents by adhering to its investment policy
              that outlines credit risk parameters and concentration limits. IGM regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties.
              The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is their carrying value.

              As at December 31, 2022, residential mortgages, recorded on IGM’s balance sheets, of $5.0 billion ($5.4 billion in 2021)
              consisted of $4.6 billion sold to securitization programs ($5.0 billion in 2021), $372 million held pending sale or securitization
              ($316 million in 2021) and $13 million related to IGM’s intermediary operations ($14 million in 2021).

              IGM manages credit risk related to residential mortgages through:

                 adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;
                 its loan servicing capabilities;
                 use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by IGM; and
                 its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through its own network of Mortgage Planning Specialists and
                  IG Wealth Management Consultants as part of a client’s IG Living Plan™.

              In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms and nature of securitization transactions as described below:

               Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.5 billion ($2.6 billion in 2021), IGM is obligated to make timely payment of
                principal and coupons irrespective of whether such payments were received from the mortgage borrower. However, as
                required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans are insured by an approved insurer.
               Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.1 billion ($2.4 billion
                in 2021) is limited to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future net interest income, the fair values of which were
                $55 million ($68 million in 2021) and $21 million ($34 million in 2021), respectively, at December 31, 2022. Cash reserve
                accounts are reflected on the balance sheets, whereas rights to future net interest income are not reflected on the
                balance sheets and will be recorded over the life of the mortgages.

              At December 31, 2022, residential mortgages recorded on the balance sheets were 53.3% insured (53.1% in 2021). At
              December 31, 2022, impaired mortgages on these portfolios were $2 million ($3 million in 2021). Uninsured non-performing
              mortgages over 0 days on these portfolios were $2 million at December 31, 2022 ($2 million in 2021).

              IGM also retains certain elements of credit risk on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short-Term
              Income Fund through an agreement to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds. These loans
              are not recorded on the balance sheets as IGM has transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership
              associated with these loans.

              IGM regularly reviews the credit quality of the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses.

              IGM’s allowance for credit losses was $1 million at December 31, 2022 ($1 million in 2021), and is considered adequate by
              IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on: i) historical credit performance
              experience; ii) recent trends, including increasing interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other relevant
              characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of losses under adverse real
              estate market conditions.

              IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities and
              mortgage portfolios have not changed materially since December 31, 2021.

              IGM is exposed to credit risk through the derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate securitization
              transactions and to hedge market risk related to certain share-based compensation arrangements. These derivatives are
              discussed more fully under the IGM market risk section below.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A 187




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 187                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 22         Risk Management (continued)

                                    To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a gain position, IGM is exposed to the credit risk that its counterparties
                                    fail to fulfill their obligations under these arrangements.




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    IGM’s derivative activities are managed in accordance with its investment policy, which includes counterparty limits and
                                    other parameters to manage counterparty risk. Counterparties are all Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result,
                                    management of IGM has determined that its overall credit risk related to derivatives was not significant at December 31,

 PART A
                                    2022. Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not changed materially since December 31, 2021.

                                    Market risk
                                    a) Foreign exchange risk
                                    IGM is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC. Changes to the carrying value due to changes in
                                    foreign exchange rates is recognized in other comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2022, the impact of a 5% increase
                                    (decrease) in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of
                                    foreign investment by approximately $37 million ($41 million in 2021).

                                    b)   Interest rate risk
                                    IGM is exposed to interest rate risk on its loan portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments used in IGM’s
                                    mortgage banking operations.

                                    IGM manages interest rate risk associated with its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate swaps with
                                    Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:

                                     IGM has in certain instances funded floating rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds as part of the
                                      securitization transactions under the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, IGM is party to a swap whereby it is
                                      entitled to receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated to pay Canada Mortgage Bond
                                      coupons. This swap had a fair value of $21 million ($1 million in 2021) and an outstanding notional value of $0.2 billion at
                                      December 31, 2022 ($0.3 billion in 2021). IGM enters into interest rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks
                                      to hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on floating rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline. The fair
                                      value of these swaps totalled negative $20 million ($4 million in 2021), on an outstanding notional amount of $1.3 billion
                                      at December 31, 2022 ($1.3 billion in 2021). The net fair value of these swaps recorded on the balance sheets was $1 million
                                      at December 31, 2022 ($5 million in 2021) and had an outstanding notional amount of $1.5 billion at December 31, 2022
                                      ($1.6 billion in 2021).
                                     IGM is exposed to the impact that changes in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages committed to or held
                                      pending sale or securitization to long-term funding sources. IGM enters into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate
                                      risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by IGM pending sale or securitization. The fair value of these swaps was
                                      $5 million ($1 million in 2021) on an outstanding notional amount of $12 million at December 31, 2022 ($12 million
                                      in 2021).

                                    As at December 31, 2022, the impact to net earnings of a 100-basis-point increase in interest rates would have been a
                                    decrease of approximately $2 million ($3 million in 2021). IGM’s exposure to and management of interest rate risk have not
                                    changed materially since December 31, 2021.

                                    c)   Equity risk
                                    IGM is exposed to equity risk on its equity investments which are classified as fair value through profit or loss and on its
                                    investments in associates, which are accounted for using the equity method.

                                    IGM sponsors a number of deferred compensation arrangements for employees where payments to participants are
                                    deferred and linked to the performance of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. IGM hedges its exposure to this risk
                                    through the use of forward agreements and total return swaps.

                                    Risks related to assets under management and advisement
                                    Risks related to the performance of the equity markets, changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currencies relative
                                    to the Canadian dollar can have a significant impact on the level and mix of assets under management and advisement.
                                    These changes in assets under management and advisement directly impact earnings of IGM.




                                         A 188                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 188                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 23           Operating and Administrative Expenses

                                                                                                                        Years ended December ,
                                                                                                                                      




                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              Salaries and other employee benefits                                                                    ,              ,
              General and administrative expenses                                                                     ,              ,
              Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                                 


                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
              Premium taxes                                                                                             9                
              Restructuring and other                                                                                                    9
                                                                                                                     ,             ,


              RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER
              Lifeco
              Empower restructuring and integration
              During the year ended December 31, 2022, Lifeco recorded integration expenses of $128 million ($74 million in 2021) and
              restructuring expenses of $50 million ($10 million in 2021). The restructuring is primarily attributable to staff reductions and
              other exit costs related to Lifeco’s acquisitions of the retirement services businesses of MassMutual and Prudential. Lifeco
              expects to incur further restructuring and integration expenses associated with the Prudential acquisition in 2023 (Note 3).


              At December 31, 2022, the balance of restructuring provisions, including those above, amounts to $62 million ($104 million
              in 2021) and is recorded in other liabilities.




              NOTE 24           Financing Charges

                                                                                                                        Years ended December ,
                                                                                                                                      

              Interest on debentures and other debt instruments                                                                         
              Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                               
              Interest on limited recourse capital notes                                                                                  
              Interest on capital trust debentures                                                                                        
              Other                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                        99




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                 A 189




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 189                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 25         Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits

                                    CHARACTERISTICS, FUNDING AND RISKS
                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain funded defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors as




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    well as unfunded supplementary employee retirement plans (SERP) for eligible employees. The Corporation and its
                                    subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.

                                    The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average earnings; however, the

 PART A
                                    plans of the Corporation and its subsidiaries are closed to new entrants. Many of the defined benefit pension plans also no
                                    longer provide future defined benefit accruals. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ defined benefit plan exposure is
                                    expected to reduce in future years. Where defined benefit pension accruals continue, in most circumstances active plan
                                    participants share in the cost by making contributions in respect of current service. Certain pension payments are indexed
                                    either on an ad hoc basis or a guaranteed basis. The determination of the defined benefit obligation reflects pension benefits
                                    in accordance with the terms of the plans, and assuming the plans are not terminated. Assets supporting the funded
                                    pension plans are held in separate trusteed pension funds. Obligations for the wholly unfunded plans are supported by
                                    assets of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, as applicable.

                                    New hires are only eligible for defined contribution benefits. The defined contribution pension plans provide pension
                                    benefits based on accumulated employee and employer contributions. Contributions to these plans are a set percentage
                                    of employees’ annual income and may be subject to certain vesting requirements.

                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries also provide unfunded post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to
                                    eligible employees, advisors and their dependents. Lifeco’s subsidiaries’ plans are closed to new hires and were previously
                                    amended to limit which employees could become eligible to receive benefits. The obligations for these benefits are
                                    supported by assets of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, as applicable.

                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries have pension and benefit committees or a trusteed arrangement that provides oversight
                                    for the benefit plans. The benefit plans are monitored on an ongoing basis to assess the benefit, funding and investment
                                    policies, financial status, and funding requirements. Significant changes to benefit plans of the Corporation or of its
                                    subsidiaries require approval from the respective board of directors or committee thereof.

                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ funding policy for the funded pension plans requires annual contributions equal to or
                                    greater than those required by the applicable regulations and plan provisions that govern the funding of the plans. Where
                                    funded plans have a net defined benefit asset, the Corporation and its subsidiaries determine if an economic benefit exists
                                    in the form of potential reductions in future contributions, the present value of future expenses to be paid from the plan
                                    and in the form of surplus refunds, where permitted by applicable regulation and plan provisions.

                                    By their design, the defined benefit plans expose the Corporation and its subsidiaries to the typical risks faced by defined
                                    benefit plans, such as investment performance, changes to the discount rates used to value the obligations, longevity of
                                    plan members, and future inflation. Pension and benefit risk is managed by regular monitoring of the plans, applicable
                                    regulations and other factors that could impact the expenses and cash flows of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.




                                         A 190                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 190                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 25           Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits (continued)

              PLAN ASSETS, BENEFIT OBLIGATION AND FUNDED STATUS




                                                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                        December ,                        December , 
                                                                                                     Defined benefit           Other post-   Defined benefit           Other post-
                                                                                                            pension           employment            pension           employment
                                                                                                              plans               benefits            plans               benefits




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
              Change in fair value of plan assets
              Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year                                                   ,9                      –            ,                      –
                Interest income                                                                                                      –              9                      –
                Employee contributions                                                                                                –                                     –
                Employer contributions                                                                                                            9                     
                Actual return on assets greater (less) than interest income                                 (,9)                     –                                    –
                Benefits paid                                                                                 (9)                   ()            ()                   ()
                Settlements                                                                                     ()                    –             ()                     –
                Administrative expenses                                                                           ()                   –                ()                    –
                Foreign exchange and other                                                                      ()                    –             (9)                     –
              Fair value of plan assets, end of year                                                         ,                       –           ,9                       –

              Change in defined benefit obligation
              Defined benefit obligation, beginning of year                                                  9,                              ,                    
                Current service cost                                                                                                                                    
                Employee contributions                                                                                               –                                     –
                Interest cost                                                                                                                                         
                Actuarial (gains) losses on:
                   Financial assumption changes                                                             (,9)                   ()            ()                   ()
                   Demographic assumption changes                                                                                    ()              ()                  ()
                   Arising from member experience                                                                                   ()              ()                    (9)
                Benefits paid                                                                                 (9)                   ()            ()                   ()
                Past service cost and plan amendments                                                             ()                   –                  –                     –
                Settlements                                                                                     ()                    –             ()                      –
                Curtailments                                                                                      ()                   –                 ()                    –
                Foreign exchange and other                                                                      ()                                 (9)                      –
              Defined benefit obligation, end of year                                                        ,                   9             9,                   

              Funded status
                Fund surplus (deficit)                                                                                           (9)             ()                  ()
                Unrecognized amount due to asset ceiling (see below)                                          ()                    –                ()                    –
              Accrued benefit liability                                                                         ()                (9)             ()                  ()




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A 191




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 191                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 25          Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits (continued)

                                    The aggregate defined benefit obligation of pension plans is as follows:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                          December ,        December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                

                                    Wholly or partly funded plans                                                                                               ,               ,9
                                    Wholly unfunded plans                                                                                                                          

 PART A                             The net accrued benefit asset (liability) shown above is presented in these financial statements as follows:

                                                                                                              December ,                                           December , 
                                                                                   Defined benefit    Other post-                       Defined benefit        Other post-
                                                                                          pension    employment                                pension        employment
                                                                                            plans        benefits               Total            plans            benefits           Total

                                    Pension benefit assets [Note 9]                                          –                                                   –          
                                    Pension and other post-employment benefit
                                      liabilities [Note ]                                 ()          (9)               (9)             (,)            ()          (,)
                                    Accrued benefit liability                                 ()         (9)               ()               ()            ()          (,9)


                                    Under International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 14, The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset,
                                    Minimum Funding Requirements and their Interaction, the Corporation and its subsidiaries must assess whether each
                                    pension plan’s asset has economic benefit to the Corporation and its subsidiaries through future contribution reductions,
                                    the present value of future expenses to be paid from the plan, or surplus refunds; in the event the Corporation and its
                                    subsidiaries are not entitled to a benefit, a limit or “asset ceiling” is required on the balance sheet. The following provides a
                                    breakdown of the changes in the asset ceiling:

                                                                                                                                                          December ,        December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                

                                    Asset ceiling, beginning of year                                                                                                                 9
                                      Interest on asset ceiling                                                                                                                        
                                      Change in asset ceiling                                                                                                    9                   
                                      Foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                                   –
                                    Asset ceiling, end of year                                                                                                                      




                                          A 192                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 192                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 25             Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits (continued)

              PENSION AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT EXPENSE




                                                                                                                                                                           POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                               December ,                    December , 
                                                                                                                      Other post-                         Other post-
                                                                                                     Pension         employment          Pension         employment
                                                                                                       plans             benefits          plans             benefits




                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
              Defined benefit current service cost                                                                                                          
              Net interest cost                                                                         9                                                    
              Past service cost, plan amendments, curtailments
                and settlements                                                                          ()                    –           ()                    –
              Administrative expenses                                                                                          –                                  –
              Defined contribution current service cost                                                                      –          9                      –
              Expense recognized in net earnings                                                       9                                                   


              Actuarial gains recognized                                                             (,)               ()           ()                  (9)
              Return on assets (greater) less than discount rate                                      ,9                   –            ()                    –
              Change in asset ceiling                                                                   9                   –                                   –
              Income recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)                                   ()               ()           (9)                  (9)

              Total income                                                                             ()               ()           ()                  ()

              In 2022, the Corporation and its subsidiaries incurred $5 million of actuarial gains ($11 million in 2021) for pension plan
              remeasurements not included in the table shown above. This relates to the share of actuarial gains (losses) for investments
              in jointly controlled corporations and associates.

              ASSET ALLOCATION BY MAJOR CATEGORY WEIGHTED BY PLAN ASSETS

                                                                                                                                         Defined benefit pension plans
                                                                                                                                    December ,        December ,
              Percentage (%)                                                                                                                              

              Equity securities                                                                                                              9                   
              Debt securities                                                                                                                                   
              All other assets                                                                                                                                   9
                                                                                                                                                              


              No plan assets are directly invested in the Corporation’s or subsidiaries’ securities. Lifeco’s plan assets include investments in
              segregated and other funds managed by subsidiaries of Lifeco of $5,614 million at December 31, 2022 ($6,80 million at
              December 31, 2021) of which $5,520 million ($6,02 million at December 31, 2021) are included in the balance sheets. Plan
              assets do not include any property occupied or other assets used by Lifeco. A portion of IGM’s plan assets are invested in
              investment funds managed by IGM or related parties. A portion of Power Corporation and Power Financial’s plan assets are
              invested in segregated funds managed by a subsidiary of Lifeco.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                       A 193




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 193                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 25           Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits (continued)

                                    DETAILS OF DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATION
                                    Portion of defined benefit obligation subject to future salary increases




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           December ,                                  December , 
                                                                                                         Defined benefit            Other post-            Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                                                pension            employment                     pension          employment
                                                                                                                  plans                benefits                     plans              benefits



 PART A
                                    Benefit obligation without future salary increases                           ,                      9                    ,9                  
                                    Effect of assumed future salary increases                                                              –                      9                    –
                                    Defined benefit obligation                                                   ,                      9                    9,                  


                                    Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation by membership
                                                                                                                           December ,                                  December , 
                                                                                                         Defined benefit            Other post-            Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                                                pension            employment                     pension          employment
                                    Percentage (%)                                                                plans                benefits                     plans              benefits

                                    Actives                                                                                                 9                                         
                                    Deferred vesteds                                                                                         –                                          –
                                    Retirees                                                                         9                                                                
                                    Total                                                                                                                                        

                                    Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation (in years)             .                     .                    .                  .9


                                    CASH FLOW INFORMATION
                                    The expected employer contributions for the year 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                   Other post-
                                                                                                                                                                                  employment
                                                                                                                                                            Pension plans             benefits

                                    Funded (wholly or partly) defined benefit plans                                                                                                       –
                                    Unfunded defined benefit plans                                                                                                                       
                                    Defined contribution plans                                                                                                      9                     –
                                    Total                                                                                                                                               


                                    ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS AND SENSITIVITIES
                                    Actuarial assumptions
                                                                                                                           December ,                                  December , 
                                                                                                         Defined benefit            Other post-            Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                                                pension            employment                     pension          employment
                                    Percentage (%)                                                                plans                benefits                     plans              benefits

                                    Range of discount rates
                                      To determine benefit cost                                                . – .               . – .                . – .             . – .
                                      To determine accrued benefit obligation at year-end                      . – .               . – .                . – .             . – .

                                    Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit cost []
                                     Discount rate                                                                   .9                     .                      .                  .
                                     Rate of compensation increase                                                   .                       –                      .                    –

                                    Weighted average assumptions used to determine accrued
                                     benefit obligation at year-end []
                                     Discount rate                                                                   .                     .                      .9                  .
                                     Rate of compensation increase                                                   .                       –                      .                    –

                                    Weighted average healthcare trend rates []
                                     Initial healthcare trend rate                                                                          .9                                           .
                                     Ultimate healthcare trend rate                                                                         .                                           .
                                     Year ultimate trend rate is reached                                                                  9                                          9
                                    [] Weighted based on the obligations of each plan.




                                            A 194                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 194                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 25           Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits (continued)

              Sample life expectancies based on mortality assumptions
                                                                                                                       December ,                       December , 




                                                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                     Defined benefit          Other post-   Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                                            pension          employment            pension          employment
                                                                                                              plans              benefits            plans              benefits

              Weighted average life expectancies based on mortality

                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
               assumptions []:
               Male
                  Age  in fiscal year                                                                       .                  .             .                  .
                  Age  for those age  in the fiscal year                                                  .                  .             .                  .
               Female
                  Age  in fiscal year                                                                       .9                  .             .                  .9
                  Age  for those age  in the fiscal year                                                  .                  .             .                  .
              [] Weighted based on the obligations of each plan.


              Mortality assumptions are significant in measuring the defined benefit obligation for defined benefit plans. The period of
              time over which benefits are assumed to be paid is based on best estimates of future mortality, including allowances for
              mortality improvements. This estimate is subject to considerable uncertainty, and judgment is required in establishing this
              assumption. The mortality assumptions applied by the Corporation and its subsidiaries take into consideration average life
              expectancy, including allowances for future longevity improvements as appropriate, and reflect variations in such factors as
              age, gender and geographic location.

              The mortality tables are reviewed at least annually, and assumptions are in accordance with accepted actuarial practice.
              Emerging plan experience is reviewed and considered in establishing the best estimate for future mortality.

              The calculation of the defined benefit obligation is sensitive to the mortality assumptions. The effect of a one-year increase
              in life expectancy would be an increase in the defined benefit obligation of $11 million for the defined benefit pension
              plans and $6 million for the other post-employment benefits.

              Impact of changes to assumptions on defined benefit obligation
                                                                                                                       December ,                       December , 
                                                                                                        % increase          % decrease       % increase          % decrease

              Defined benefit pension plans:
              Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                         ()               ,            (,)               ,
              Impact of a change to the rate of compensation increase                                          9                 ()              9                 ()
              Impact of a change to the rate of inflation                                                      9                 ()                               ()

              Other post-employment benefits:
              Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                           ()                  9               ()                  
              Impact of a change to assumed medical cost trend rates                                                               ()                                 ()


              To measure the impact of a change in an assumption, all other assumptions were held constant. It would be expected that
              there would be interaction between at least some of the assumptions and therefore the sensitivity analysis presented may
              not be representative of the actual change.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  A 195




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 195                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 26         Derivative Financial Instruments

                                    In the normal course of managing exposure to fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates, and to market risks, the
                                    Corporation and its subsidiaries are end-users of various derivative financial instruments. Contracts are either exchange




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    traded or over-the-counter with counterparties that are credit-worthy financial intermediaries.

                                    The following tables summarize the portfolio of derivative financial instruments of the Corporation and its subsidiaries:


 PART A
                                                                                                                                   Notional amount
                                                                                          year         –                Over                        Maximum            Total
                                    December ,                                     or less       years              years               Total   credit risk   fair value

                                    Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges
                                    Interest rate contracts
                                       Swaps                                            ,         ,              ,               ,                   ()
                                       Options purchased                                                                 –                             –            –
                                       Futures – long                                                    –                  –                               –            –
                                       Futures – short                                    9             –                  –                 9            –            –
                                                                                        ,         ,              ,               ,                   ()
                                    Foreign exchange contracts
                                      Cross-currency swaps                              ,         ,            ,              ,         ,9          9
                                      Forward contracts                                 ,             –                 –               ,                       ()
                                      Options written                                                   –                 –                               –             –
                                                                                        ,         ,            ,              ,         ,9          
                                    Other derivative contracts
                                      Equity contracts                                  ,                                          ,9            9            
                                      Futures – long                                                   –                   –                               –            –
                                      Futures – short                                   ,            –                   –               ,                       
                                      Other forward contracts                                         –                   –                                          
                                      Credit default swaps                                  –                                                         –            –
                                                                                        ,9                                          ,9                       
                                                                                       ,       ,9             ,              ,         ,          

                                    Fair value hedges
                                    Foreign exchange contracts
                                      Forward contracts                                                   –                  –                              –           ()

                                    Cash flow hedges
                                    Interest rate contracts
                                       Swaps                                                  –                          9               ,                       
                                    Foreign exchange contracts
                                       Cross-currency swaps                                 –                               –                                         
                                       Forward contracts                                                                  –                                        9
                                    Other derivative contracts
                                       Equity contracts                                     9                              –                                      
                                                                                                                     9               ,                      

                                    Net investment hedges
                                    Foreign exchange contracts
                                      Cross-currency swaps                                  –            –               ,               ,          9          
                                      Forward contracts                                 ,                             –               ,                      ()
                                                                                        ,                         ,               ,                    
                                                                                       ,       ,9             ,              ,         ,          




                                         A 196                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 196                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 26            Derivative Financial Instruments (continued)

                                                                                                                              Notional amount
                                                                                         year         –            Over                          Maximum                 Total




                                                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              December ,  []                                                     or less       years          years             Total       credit risk        fair value

              Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges
              Interest rate contracts
                 Swaps                                                                 ,         ,9          ,             ,              9               9

                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
                 Options purchased                                                                    9              –                               –                 –
                 Futures – long                                                                         –              –                                 –                 –
                 Futures – short                                                                      –              –                               –                 –
                                                                                       ,         ,          ,             ,              9               9
              Foreign exchange contracts
                Cross-currency swaps                                                   ,         ,9         ,            ,              9               ()
                Forward contracts                                                      ,             –              –             ,                                 ()
                Options written                                                           9             –              –                9                –                   –
                                                                                       ,         ,9         ,            ,              9               ()
              Other derivative contracts
                Equity contracts                                                       ,99                          9            ,                9                
                Futures – long                                                                        –                –                                –                  –
                Futures – short                                                                      –                –                                                ()
                Other forward contracts                                                ,            –                –            ,                                   
                                                                                       ,                          9            ,                                
                                                                                     ,9          ,         ,            ,                             ()

              Fair value hedges
              Foreign exchange contracts
                Forward contracts                                                                       –               –                                –                ()

              Cash flow hedges
              Interest rate contracts
                 Swaps                                                                        –                     99                                               
              Foreign exchange contracts
                 Forward contracts                                                                  99                 –                               –                ()
              Other derivative contracts
                 Equity contracts                                                                                    –             9                             
                                                                                                                99             ,                             

              Net investment hedges
              Foreign exchange contracts
                Cross-currency swaps                                                       –            –           ,             ,                                 –
                Forward contracts                                                      ,9                         –             ,9                                
                                                                                       ,9                     ,             ,                                
                                                                                     ,9          ,         ,            9,9            ,9                ()

              [] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the equity
                  or net earnings of the Corporation.


              The amount subject to maximum credit risk is limited to the current fair value of the instruments which are in a gain position.
              The maximum credit risk represents the total cost of all derivative contracts with positive values and does not reflect actual
              or expected losses. The total fair value represents the total amount that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would receive
              (or pay) to terminate all agreements at year-end. However, this would not result in a gain or loss to the Corporation and its
              subsidiaries as the derivative instruments which correlate to certain assets and liabilities provide offsetting gains or losses.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A 1 97




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 197                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 26          Derivative Financial Instruments (continued)

                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries use the following derivatives:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                     Type                    Purpose

                                     Interest rate           Interest rate swaps, futures and options are used as part of a portfolio of assets to manage interest rate risk
                                     contracts               associated with investment activities and insurance and investment contract liabilities and to reduce the impact
                                                             of fluctuating interest rates on the mortgage banking operations, intermediary operations and debt instruments.

 PART A
                                                             Interest rate swap agreements require the periodic exchange of payments without the exchange of the notional
                                                             principal amount on which payments are based.

                                                             Call options grant the Corporation and its subsidiaries the right to enter into a swap with predetermined fixed
                                                             rate payments over a predetermined time period on the exercise date. Call options are used to manage the
                                                             variability in future interest payments due to a change in credited interest rates and the related potential
                                                             change in cash flows due to surrenders. Call options are also used to hedge minimum rate guarantees and debt
                                                             instruments.


                                     Foreign exchange        Cross-currency swaps are used in combination with other investments to manage foreign exchange risk
                                     contracts               associated with investment activities and insurance and investment contract liabilities. Under these swaps,
                                                             principal amounts and fixed or floating interest payments may be exchanged in different currencies. The
                                                             Corporation and its subsidiaries may also enter into certain foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain
                                                             product liabilities, cash and cash equivalents and cash flows. Cross-currency swaps are also used to hedge the
                                                             Corporation and its subsidiaries' net investment in foreign operations.


                                     Other derivative        Equity index swaps, futures and options are used to hedge certain product liabilities. Equity index swaps are
                                     contracts               also used as substitutes for cash instruments and are used to periodically hedge the market risk associated with
                                                             certain fee income. Equity put options are used to manage the potential credit risk impact of significant
                                                             declines in certain equity markets.

                                                             Equity forward agreements and total return swaps are used to manage exposure to fluctuations in the total
                                                             return of common shares related to deferred compensation arrangements. Forward agreements and total
                                                             return swaps require the exchange of net contractual payments periodically or at maturity without the
                                                             exchange of the notional principal amounts on which the payments are based. Certain of these instruments
                                                             are not designated as hedges.

                                                             Equity call options and warrants are also used as part of the Corporation’s investment activities.

                                                             Credit default swaps are used to transfer credit risk to another party.




                                    The ineffective portion of the cash flow hedges during 2022, which includes interest rate contracts and foreign exchange
                                    contracts, and the anticipated net gains (losses) expected to be reclassified out of other comprehensive income within the
                                    next twelve months, is not significant. The maximum time frame for which variable cash flows are hedged is 22 years.

                                    ENFORCEABLE MASTER NETTING AGREEMENTS OR SIMILAR AGREEMENTS
                                    The Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into the International Swaps and Derivative Association’s (ISDA’s) master
                                    agreements for transacting over-the-counter derivatives. The Corporation and its subsidiaries receive and pledge collateral
                                    according to the related ISDA’s Credit Support Annexes. The ISDA’s master agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting
                                    on the balance sheets because they create a right of set-off that is enforceable only in the event of default, insolvency, or
                                    bankruptcy.

                                    For exchange-traded derivatives subject to derivative clearing agreements with exchanges and clearing houses, there is no
                                    provision for set-off at default. Initial margin is excluded from the tables below as it would become part of a pooled
                                    settlement process.




                                            A 198                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 198                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 26            Derivative Financial Instruments (continued)

              The following disclosure shows the potential effect on the balance sheets of financial instruments that have been shown in
              a gross position where right of set-off exists under certain circumstances that do not qualify for netting on the balance




                                                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              sheets.

                                                                                                                                                              December , 
                                                                                                        Related amounts not set off in the balance sheet


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
                                                                                    Gross amount of
                                                                                            financial                                          Financial
                                                                                        instruments              Offsetting                    collateral
                                                                                    presented in the           counterparty                   received /
                                                                                      balance sheet                position []                 pledged []         Net exposure

              Financial instruments (assets)
              Derivative financial instruments                                                 ,                  (9)                     (,)                     9
                                                                                               ,                  (9)                     (,)                     9

              Financial instruments (liabilities)
              Derivative financial instruments                                                 ,                  (9)                       ()                     9
                                                                                               ,                  (9)                       ()                     9

                                                                                                                                                              December , 
                                                                                                        Related amounts not set off in the balance sheet
                                                                                    Gross amount of
                                                                                            financial                                          Financial
                                                                                        instruments              Offsetting                    collateral
                                                                                    presented in the           counterparty                   received /
                                                                                      balance sheet                position []                pledged []          Net exposure

              Financial instruments (assets)
              Derivative financial instruments                                                 ,9                  ()                       (9)                     
                                                                                               ,9                  ()                       (9)                     

              Financial instruments (liabilities)
              Derivative financial instruments                                                 ,                  ()                       (9)                     
                                                                                               ,                  ()                       (9)                     

              [] Includes counterparty amounts recognized on the balance sheets where the Corporation and its subsidiaries have a potential offsetting position (as described
                  above) but does not meet the criteria for offsetting on the balance sheets, excluding collateral.

              [] Financial collateral presented above excludes overcollateralization and, for exchange-traded derivatives, initial margin. At December 31, 2022, total financial
                  collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1,348 million ($318 million at December 31, 2021), and pledged
                  on derivative liabilities was $754 million ($480 million at December 31, 2021).




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A 199




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 199                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 27           Fair Value Measurement

                                    The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed have been categorized
                                    based upon the following fair value hierarchy:




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                     Level            Definition                                                                  Financial assets and liabilities

                                     Level           Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets               actively exchange-traded equity securities;

 PART A
                                                      for identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the             exchange-traded futures;
                                                      ability to access.                                                           mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                                                    prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                                                    restrictions;
                                                                                                                                   open-end investment fund units and other liabilities
                                                                                                                                    in instances where there are quoted prices available
                                                                                                                                    from active markets.


                                     Level           Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
                                                      observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.          based on credit quality and average life;
                                                      Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and                  government and agency securities;
                                                      liabilities in active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices           restricted shares;
                                                      that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates       certain private bonds and investment funds;
                                                      and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted                      most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
                                                      intervals.                                                                     bonds;
                                                                                                                                   most asset-backed securities;
                                                      The fair values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from a
                                                                                                                                   most over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                      pricing service. The pricing service inputs include, but are not
                                                      limited to, benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer
                                                                                                                                   most mortgage and other loans;
                                                      quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark                         deposits and certificates;
                                                      securities, offers and reference data.                                       most debentures and other debt instruments;
                                                                                                                                   most of the investment contracts that are measured
                                                                                                                                     at fair value through profit or loss;
                                                                                                                                   certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.


                                     Level 3          Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on                 certain bonds;
                                                      observable market inputs and include situations where there                  certain asset-backed securities;
                                                      is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.               certain private equities;
                                                      The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained               certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                      from single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external                   equity-release mortgages;
                                                      appraisers or by discounting projected cash flows.                           investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                                                     there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                                                   certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                                                   investment properties;
                                                                                                                                   obligations to securitization entities;
                                                                                                                                   certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                                                                   certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.



                                    The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded or disclosed at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy
                                    using the valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of significant accounting policies (Note 2) and
                                    above, are presented below. Fair values represent management’s estimates and are generally calculated using market
                                    information at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature and
                                    involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment. The following tables distinguish between assets and liabilities
                                    recorded at fair value on a recurring basis and those for which fair value is disclosed.




                                             A 200                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 200                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 27            Fair Value Measurement (continued)

              These tables exclude fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the
              carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. Items excluded are: cash and cash equivalents, dividends,




                                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              interest and accounts receivable, loans to policyholders, certain other financial assets, accounts payable, dividends and
              interest payable and certain other financial liabilities.

                                                                                                       Carrying                                                       Total


                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
              December ,                                                                           value        Level           Level       Level       fair value

              Assets
              Assets recorded at fair value
                Bonds
                   Fair value through profit or loss                                                  ,               –       ,                  ,
                   Available for sale                                                                  ,               –        ,             –        ,
                Mortgage and other loans
                   Fair value through profit or loss                                                    ,               –                –      ,          ,
                   Available for sale                                                                                    –                –                    
                Shares
                   Fair value through profit or loss                                                   ,       ,                        ,        ,
                   Available for sale []                                                               ,                                             ,
                Investment properties                                                                   ,            –                 –        ,         ,
                Funds held by ceding insurers                                                          ,                      ,9            –        ,
                Derivative instruments                                                                  ,                        ,9                    ,
                Reinsurance assets                                                                                     –                            –            
                Other assets                                                                            ,                       ,9          9         ,
                                                                                                      ,       ,          ,99        ,9       ,

              Assets disclosed at fair value
                Bonds
                   Loans and receivables                                                               ,9               –         ,9           9        ,
                Mortgage and other loans
                   Loans and receivables                                                               ,               –         ,        ,        ,
                Shares
                   Available for sale                                                                     9               –                –        9             9
                Funds held by ceding insurers                                                             9               –                –        9             9
                                                                                                       ,9               –         ,9        ,9        ,
              Total                                                                                   ,       ,          ,9        ,       9,


              Liabilities
              Liabilities recorded at fair value
                 Investment contract liabilities                                                       ,             –           ,            –        ,
                 Derivative instruments                                                                 ,             –            ,                     ,
                 Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                 ,9                                   ,         ,9
                 Other liabilities                                                                        9                                      –           9
                                                                                                       ,            9           ,        ,        ,

              Liabilities disclosed at fair value
                 Obligations to securitization entities                                                 ,             –                –        ,         ,
                 Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                             –                          –           
                 Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                    ,                      ,                   ,
                 Deposits and certificates                                                              ,9             –            ,9            –         ,9
                 Other liabilities                                                                                     –                –                     
                                                                                                       ,                      9,9        ,        ,
              Total                                                                                    ,           9           ,9        ,9        ,

              [] Fair value of certain shares available for sale cannot be reliably measured, therefore these investments are recorded at cost.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                            A 201




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 201                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 27            Fair Value Measurement (continued)

                                                                                                                         Carrying                                                                Total
                                    December ,                                                                       value              Level              Level     Level         fair value




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Assets
                                    Assets recorded at fair value
                                      Bonds
                                         Fair value through profit or loss                                             ,                       –        ,                   ,

 PART A
                                         Available for sale                                                             ,                       –         ,            –          ,
                                      Mortgage and other loans
                                         Fair value through profit or loss                                                ,                      –                     ,            ,
                                      Shares
                                         Fair value through profit or loss                                               ,9             ,                         ,          ,9
                                         Available for sale []                                                           ,                                                      ,
                                      Investment properties                                                               ,                  –                   –       ,           ,
                                      Funds held by ceding insurers                                                      ,999                              ,           –          ,999
                                      Derivative instruments                                                              ,9                                 ,                     ,9
                                      Reinsurance assets                                                                                      –                            –             
                                      Other assets                                                                        ,9                                 9                    ,9
                                                                                                                       ,              ,            ,       ,         ,

                                    Assets disclosed at fair value
                                      Bonds
                                         Loans and receivables                                                           ,                      –          ,          9          ,
                                      Mortgage and other loans
                                         Loans and receivables                                                           ,                      –          ,9       ,          ,
                                      Funds held by ceding insurers                                                                               –               –                      
                                                                                                                         ,                      –          ,9       ,          9,9
                                    Total                                                                              ,              ,            ,       9,         9,9


                                    Liabilities
                                    Liabilities recorded at fair value
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                   ,                    –            ,           –          ,
                                       Derivative instruments                                                             ,                                 ,                      ,
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units []                                         ,                    –                      ,           ,
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                       9                       
                                                                                                                         ,9                   9            ,       ,9          ,9

                                    Liabilities disclosed at fair value
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                             ,                   –                  –       ,           ,
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                               –                9           –             9
                                       Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                ,                              ,           –          ,
                                       Deposits and certificates                                                          ,9                   –              ,9           –           ,9
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                       –                  –                      
                                                                                                                         ,                              ,       ,          ,9
                                    Total                                                                                ,                              ,       ,          9,

                                    [] Fair value of certain shares available for sale cannot be reliably measured, therefore these investments are recorded at cost.
                                    [] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the equity
                                        or net earnings of the Corporation.


                                    There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2022 and 2021.




                                            A 202                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 202                                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 27            Fair Value Measurement (continued)

              Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
              its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is




                                                                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              presented below.

                                                                           Mortgages
                                                   Bonds               and other loans                         Shares                           .


                                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A
                                                                                                                                                   Limited-life
                                               Fair value     Fair value                   Fair value                                                     and          Other
                                                 through        through       Available      through         Available Investment    Derivatives, redeemable           assets
              December ,               profit or loss profit or loss      for sale profit or loss[]     for sale properties           net    fund units    (liabilities)     Total

              Balance, beginning of year                       ,                 –       ,                   ,                      (,)                 ,9
                Total gains (losses)
                  Net earnings                         ()         ()                –                                ()                      ()         ()        (9)
                  Other comprehensive
                    income []                          –            ()                                   ()         ()            ()          (9)                   ()
                Purchases                                            –             –          ,                                    ()            –                  ,9
                Issues                                  –         ,                            –             –           –              –         ()            –        ,
                Sales                                 ()             –             –           ()          ()         ()             –             –         ()        ()
                Settlements                             –          ()             –                –             –           –             ()                        –         ()
                Derecognition                           –            ()            –                             –           –              –                        –            
                Transfers into Level                   –              –             –                             –           –              –           ()                     ()
                Transfers out of Level                 –              –             –             ()            ()          –              –             –                       ()
                Other                                   –              –             –               ()                       9              –             –            –             9
              Balance, end of year                             ,                      ,                   ,                     (,)          9       ,

              [] Amount of other comprehensive income for fair value through profit or loss bonds, mortgage and other loans and investment properties represents the
                  unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
              [] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           A 203




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 203                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 27            Fair Value Measurement (continued)

                                                                                                Mortgages
                                                                                                        and




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                      Bonds     other loans                         Shares
                                                                                                                                                                            Limited-life
                                                                                  Fair value     Fair value     Fair value                                                         and            Other
                                                                                    through        through        through         Available    Investment     Derivatives, redeemable             assets
                                    December ,                            profit or loss profit or loss profit or loss[]     for sale    properties            net    fund units  []
                                                                                                                                                                                             (liabilities)[]     Total



 PART A
                                    Balance, beginning of year                                     ,9          ,             9          ,                          ()                     ,
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Net earnings                                                   (9)                                                              ()             ()         
                                        Other comprehensive income []                    ()           ()                                       ()             ()             9               –           (9)
                                      Purchases                                                        9         ,99                         9                              –            9         ,9
                                      Issues                                               –           9              –                –              –               –           ()             ()         
                                      Sales                                                –              –          ()           ()            ()              –               –           ()       (,)
                                      Settlements                                          –          ()             –                –              –                                                       
                                      Derecognition                                        –          ()          ()               –              –               –                            –          
                                      Transfers into Level                                –                         9              9               –               –             ()              –          
                                      Transfers out of Level                              –            (9)         ()              (9)             –           ()                             –         ()
                                      Other                                                –                      ()               –              –               –               –                       
                                    Balance, end of year                                          ,          ,                       ,                         (,)                    ,9

                                    [] Amount of other comprehensive income for fair value through profit or loss bonds, mortgage and other loans and investment properties represents the
                                        unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                    [] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.

                                    [] The Corporation reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current year’s presentation.


                                    Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
                                    redemption restrictions on investments in mutual funds and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
                                    increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
                                    pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual funds and segregated funds.

                                    On January 11, 2021, Canada Life lifted the temporary suspension on contributions to and transfers into its Canadian real
                                    estate investment funds, and on April 1, 2021, the temporary suspension on redemptions and transfers out was fully lifted,
                                    as confidence over the valuation of the underlying properties returned as a result of increased market activity. As a result of
                                    the lifting of these temporary suspensions, Lifeco's investment in these funds with a fair value of $457 million was transferred
                                    on April 1, 2021 from Level 3 to Level 1.




                                          A 204                                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 204                                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 27           Fair Value Measurement (continued)

              Significant unobservable inputs used at year-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
              presented below.




                                                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                           Inter-relationship between key
                                                                                           Significant                                     unobservable inputs and fair
                Type of asset              Valuation approach                              unobservable input   Input value                value measurement


                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A
                Investment properties      Investment property valuations                  Discount rate        Range of .9% – .%      A decrease in the discount
                                           are generally determined using                                                                  rate would result in an
                                           property valuation models                                                                       increase in fair value.
                                           based on expected                                                                               An increase in the
                                           capitalization rates and models                                                                 discount rate would result
                                           that discount expected future                                                                   in a decrease in fair value.
                                           net cash flows. The
                                           determination of the fair value
                                           of investment property requires                 Reversionary rate    Range of .% – .%       A decrease in the
                                           the use of estimates such as                                                                    reversionary rate would
                                           future cash flows (such as future                                                               result in an increase in fair
                                           leasing assumptions,                                                                            value.
                                           rental rates, capital and                                                                       An increase in the
                                           operating expenditures) and                                                                     reversionary rate would
                                           discount, reversionary and                                                                      result in a decrease in fair
                                           overall capitalization rates                                                                    value.
                                           applicable to the asset based
                                           on current market rates.
                                                                                           Vacancy rate         Weighted average of .%   A decrease in the
                                                                                                                                           expected vacancy rate
                                                                                                                                           would generally result in
                                                                                                                                           an increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                                           An increase in the
                                                                                                                                           expected vacancy rate
                                                                                                                                           would generally result in
                                                                                                                                           a decrease in fair value.


                Mortgage and               The valuation approach for                      Discount rate        Range of .% – .9%       A decrease in the discount
                other loans – equity-      equity-release mortgages is to                                                                  rate would result in an
                release mortgages          use an internal valuation model                                                                 increase in fair value.
                (fair value through        to determine the projected                                                                      An increase in the
                profit or loss and         asset cash flows, including the                                                                 discount rate would result
                available-for-sale)        stochastically calculated cost of                                                               in a decrease in fair value.
                                           the no-negative-equity
                                           guarantee for each individual
                                           loan, to aggregate these across
                                           all loans and to discount those
                                           cash flows back to the valuation
                                           date. The projection is done
                                           monthly until expected
                                           redemption of the loan either
                                           voluntarily or on the
                                           death/entering into long-term
                                           care of the loanholders.


                Shares                     The determination of the fair                   Discount rate        Various                    A decrease in the discount
                                           value of shares requires the use                                                                rate would result in an
                                           of estimates such as future cash                                                                increase in fair value.
                                           flows, discount rates, projected                                                                An increase in the
                                           earnings multiples, or recent                                                                   discount rate would result
                                           transactions.                                                                                   in a decrease in fair value.


                Limited-life and           The determination of the fair                   Discount rate        Various                    A decrease in the discount
                redeemable fund            value of the limited-life and                                                                   rate would result in an
                units                      redeemable fund units is based                                                                  increase in fair value.
                                           on the fair value of the                                                                        An increase in the
                                           underlying fund’s investments                                                                   discount rate would result
                                                                                                                                           in a decrease in fair value.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                          A 205




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 205                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 28          Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                                                 Items that may be reclassified             Items that will not be
                                                                                                                  subsequently to net earnings         reclassified to net earnings




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                         Actuarial
                                                                                                                                       Share of      gains (losses)        Share of
                                                                                                                                         jointly      on defined             jointly
                                                                                                  Investment                         controlled            benefit       controlled
                                                                                                   revaluation         Foreign     corporations           pension      corporations
                                                                                                     and cash         currency             and          plans and              and

 PART A
                                    Year ended December ,                                  flow hedges        translation      associates              other       associates        Total

                                    Balance, beginning of year                                                                     ,9                 ()              ()    ,9
                                      Other comprehensive income (loss)                                ()                           (9)                                        ()
                                      Other                                                               –                 –                                   –                 ()      
                                    Balance, end of year                                               ()            ,            ,                  (9)              ()    ,

                                                                                                                 Items that may be reclassified             Items that will not be
                                                                                                                  subsequently to net earnings         reclassified to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                         Actuarial
                                                                                                                                       Share of      gains (losses)        Share of
                                                                                                                                         jointly      on defined             jointly
                                                                                                  Investment                         controlled            benefit       controlled
                                                                                                   revaluation         Foreign     corporations           pension      corporations
                                                                                                     and cash         currency             and          plans and              and
                                    Year ended December ,                                  flow hedges        translation      associates              other       associates        Total

                                    Balance, beginning of year                                                       ,            ,9                 (99)              ()    ,
                                      Other comprehensive income (loss)                                ()             ()              ()                9                      ()
                                      Other                                                               –                 –                                   –                 –        
                                    Balance, end of year                                                                           ,9                 ()              ()    ,9




                                    NOTE 29          Earnings Per Share

                                    The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:

                                                                                                                                                                        Years ended December ,
                                                                                                                                                                                       

                                    Earnings
                                    Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                                          ,9              ,99
                                    Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                                 ()               ()
                                    Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                                            ,9              ,9
                                    Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                                              ()               ()
                                    Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs                                                                                             ()                 –
                                    Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect                                                                                          ,9              ,9


                                    Number of participating shares [millions]
                                    Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                                .              .
                                      Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                                                                    .9                .
                                    Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                                              .              .


                                    Net earnings per participating share
                                    Basic                                                                                                                               .               .
                                    Diluted                                                                                                                             .               .


                                    For 2022, 1.6 million stock options (nil in 2021) were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as they
                                    were anti-dilutive.




                                          A 206                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 206                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 30            Related Parties

              TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
              In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions: subsidiaries provide




                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              insurance benefits, sub-advisory services, distribution of insurance products and/or other administrative and technology
              services to other subsidiaries of the group and to the Corporation; sale of residential mortgage loans; employee ownership
              participations; loans to employees; as well as capital commitments to investment funds, including commitments from


                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
              management, performance fees and base management fees paid to alternative asset managers of the group. In all cases,
              these transactions are in the normal course of operations and have been recorded at fair value. Balances and transactions
              between the Corporation and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note.
              Details of other transactions between the Corporation and related parties are disclosed below.

              On January 12, 2023, subsequent to year-end, the Corporation and IGM completed a previously announced agreement in
              which IGM acquired the Corporation’s 13.% interest held in ChinaAMC. In a separate transaction, IGM sold a 1.6% interest
              held in Lifeco to Power Financial (Note 7).

              In 2022, a wind project which had reached commercial operation, and the related project debt, was transferred to Power
              Sustainable Energy Infrastructure from Potentia in exchange for a total consideration in cash and an interest in the fund of
              $4 million.

              Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
              pension and other post-employment benefits for employees of Power Corporation, Power Financial, and Lifeco and
              its subsidiaries.

              KEY MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION
              Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling
              the activities of the Corporation, directly or indirectly. The persons included in the key management personnel are the
              members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, as well as certain management executives of the Corporation and its
              subsidiaries.

              The following table describes all compensation paid to, awarded to, or earned by each of the key management personnel
              for services rendered in all capacities to the Corporation and its subsidiaries:

                                                                                                                          Years ended December ,
                                                                                                                                        

              Compensation and employee benefits                                                                                            
              Post-employment benefits                                                                                                        
              Share-based payments                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                            




              NOTE 31           Contingent Liabilities

              The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions.
              Provisions are established if, in management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ judgment, it is probable a payment
              will be required and the amount can be reliably estimated. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these
              proceedings with certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the
              consolidated financial position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that
              any of the existing legal actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
              financial position of the Corporation. Actual results could differ from the best estimates of the Corporation’s and its
              subsidiaries’ management.

              Subsidiaries of Lifeco in the United States are defendants in legal actions, including class actions, relating to the costs and
              features of their retirement and fund products and the conduct of their businesses. Management of Lifeco believes the
              claims are without merit and will be vigorously defending these actions. Based on the information presently known these
              actions will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Corporation.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                   A 2 07




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 207                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 32         Commitments and Guarantees

                                    GUARANTEES
                                    In the normal course of operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries execute agreements that provide for




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    indemnifications to third parties in transactions such as business dispositions, business acquisitions, loans and securitization
                                    transactions and performance contract obligations. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have also agreed to indemnify their
                                    directors and certain of their officers. The nature of these agreements precludes the possibility of making a reasonable


 PART A
                                    estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation and its subsidiaries could be required to pay third parties as
                                    the agreements often do not specify a maximum amount and the amounts are dependent on the outcome of future
                                    contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined. Historically, the Corporation has not made
                                    any payments under such indemnification agreements. No provisions have been recognized related to these agreements.

                                    LETTERS OF CREDIT
                                    Letters of credit are written commitments provided by a bank. The total amount of letter of credit facilities at Lifeco is
                                    US$1,13 billion, of which US$1,47 billion were issued as of December 31, 2022.

                                    The Capital and Risk Solutions activities also periodically use letters of credit as collateral under certain reinsurance contracts
                                    for on-balance-sheet policy liabilities.

                                    Potentia and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure have issued letters of credit totalling $326 million with one-year terms
                                    to support required lender reserves, performance guarantees for operating solar assets and awarded wind power purchase
                                    agreements, as well as commitments for projects under construction.

                                    INVESTMENT COMMITMENTS
                                    With respect to Lifeco, commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations in accordance
                                    with policies and guidelines and that are to be disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions were $5,336 million
                                    as at December 31, 2022, with $5,245 million maturing within one year, $84 million maturing within two years and $7 million
                                    maturing in over five years.

                                    The Corporation and other subsidiaries have outstanding commitments of $412 million representing future capital
                                    contributions to investment funds and other investments.

                                    PLEDGING OF ASSETS FOR REINSURANCE AGREEMENTS
                                    In addition to the assets pledged by Lifeco disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements:

                                    (i)   The amount of assets included in the Corporation’s balance sheets which have a security interest by way of pledging is
                                          $1,467 million ($1,263 million at December 31, 2021) in respect of reinsurance agreements.

                                          In addition, under certain reinsurance contracts, bonds presented in portfolio investments are held in trust and escrow
                                          accounts. Assets are placed in these accounts pursuant to the requirements of certain legal and contractual obligations
                                          to support contract liabilities assumed.

                                    (ii) Lifeco has pledged, in the normal course of business, $74 million ($63 million at December 31, 2021) of its assets for the
                                         purpose of providing collateral for the counterparty.

                                    ENERGY SALES CONTRACTS
                                    Potentia has entered into various power purchase agreements (PPA) to sell substantially all electricity produced from its
                                    solar and wind projects to credit-rated counterparties. The contract rates are fixed for a period of 20 to 25 years.

                                    Potentia signed three 20-year PPAs for 307 MW of wind electricity in Alberta. Contracts will be effective when the wind
                                    farms are commissioned. Commercial operation of certain projects are expected to commence in 2023.

                                    Potentia has entered into construction and turbine purchase contracts related to the Saskatchewan and Alberta wind
                                    projects under development of $57 million.

                                    Power Energy and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure have issued certain indemnifications and guarantees in relation
                                    to projects in operation and under construction. These guarantees are non-recourse to the Corporation.




                                           A 208                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 208                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 33           Segmented Information

              The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
              wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.




                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
              the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
              shareholders from Lifeco, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share of

                                                                                                                                                                           PART A
              their net earnings.

              The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
              Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
              traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.

               Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
                  services, asset management and reinsurance businesses primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe.
               IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
                  Canada, and institutional investors through North America, Europe and Asia.
               GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe
                focused on long-term value creation. Its portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed and private assets composed of
                global companies, which are leaders in their sectors.
               Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
                presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
                company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and
                non-participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
                investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
                and non-participating and participating share dividends.

              The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
              with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in an other category, Alternative asset investment platforms
              and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.

              Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
                  Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
                  Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
                  Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
                  Standalone businesses representing a subsidiary, a jointly controlled corporation and associates which are managed
                    to realize value over time.

               Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the
               Holding company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under
               common control and other consolidation entries.

               The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities,
               Lifeco and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis. These
               entities are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Lifeco, IGM, and
               alternative asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective segment’s
               assets.

               Revenues and assets are attributed to geographic areas based on the point of origin of revenues and the location of assets.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                               A 209




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 209                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 33            Segmented Information (continued)

                                    CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                  Alternative




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                                                                 investment
                                    For the year ended                                                                                             Holding         platforms     Effect of
                                    December ,                                                   Lifeco          IGM             GBL        company          and other consolidation      Total

                                    Revenues

 PART A
                                    Total net premiums                                              ,              –                  –              –                 –         ()    ,9
                                    Net investment income (loss)                                   (,)                              –                            ()             (,)
                                    Fee income []                                                   ,9          ,                  –              –                      ()     ,
                                    Other revenues                                                       –              –                  –              –                          –        
                                    Total revenues                                                  ,          ,                  –                                   (9)    ,9
                                    Expenses
                                    Total paid or credited to policyholders                         9,              –                  –             –                  –           –    9,
                                    Commissions []                                                  ,          ,9                  –             –                  –         ()    ,9
                                    Operating and administrative expenses                            ,          ,                  –                         ,9       ()    ,
                                    Financing charges                                                  9                              –                             9                 
                                    Total expenses                                                  ,9          ,                  –                         ,       ()    ,
                                    Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                      corporations and associates, and income taxes                   ,           9                  –          ()             ()         ()    ,
                                    Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
                                      jointly controlled corporations and associates                                              ()                           ()       ()        ()
                                    Earnings before income taxes                                      ,         ,              ()             ()            (99)       ()     ,
                                    Income taxes                                                                                   –                                ()                 
                                    Net earnings                                                      ,                         ()             (9)            (9)       (9)     ,

                                    Attributable to
                                      Non-controlling interests                                       ,           9                –                           ()       (9)     ,
                                      Non-participating shareholders                                      –             –                –                               –           –         
                                      Participating shareholders [][]                               ,9                         ()           ()             ()          –      ,9
                                                                                                      ,                         ()             (9)            (9)       (9)     ,

                                    [] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in commission expenses.

                                    [] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
                                        Corporation includes the effect of consolidation.
                                    [] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                          A 210                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 210                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 33             Segmented Information (continued)

              TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                       Alternative




                                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                             asset
                                                                                                                                      investment
                                                                                                                           Holding      platforms     Effect of
              December ,                                                        Lifeco            IGM       GBL     company       and other consolidation                Total

              Cash and cash equivalents                                            ,9              ,          –      ,            9            ()          9,

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
              Investments                                                        9,9              ,          –        9          ,9                      ,
              Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                 investment platforms and other                                                    ,          –    ,                 –       (,)                 –
              Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                 and associates                                                                    ,     ,                   ,              ()         ,
              Other assets                                                         ,9             ,         –                   ,            ()         9,
              Goodwill and intangible assets                                       ,             ,         –                     ,                –         ,9
              Investments on account of
                 segregated fund policyholders                                   ,9                   –         –           –               –                –      ,9
              Total assets []                                                   ,             ,     ,     ,           9,         (,)        ,

              Insurance and investment contract liabilities                      ,9                   –         –           –               –                –      ,9
              Obligation to securitization entities                                         –         ,          –           –               –                –        ,
              Power Corporation’s debentures and
                other debt instruments                                                      –              –         –                        –                –            
              Non-recourse debentures and
                other debt instruments                                             ,9             ,          –                  ,9                ()      ,
              Other liabilities                                                    ,             ,9          –       9           ,            ()         ,99
              Insurance and investment contracts on account of
                 segregated fund policyholders                                   ,9                   –         –           –               –                –      ,9
              Total liabilities                                                  9,             ,          –      ,          ,            ()        9,

              [] Total assets of Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


              TOTAL ASSETS AND TOTAL REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION

              December ,                                                                                  Canada     United States               Europe                  Total

              Investments and cash and cash equivalents                                                         9,        ,9                 ,             ,
              Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                      ,            9                  ,9               ,
              Other assets                                                                                      ,9         ,                 ,              9,
              Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                    ,          ,                  ,9              ,9
              Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                           9,        ,                ,             ,9
              Total assets                                                                                     ,        9,                9,             ,

              Total revenues                                                                                    ,9         9,                  ,9              ,9



              CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                       Alternative
                                                                                                                                             asset
                                                                                                                                      investment
                                                                                                                           Holding      platforms     Effect of
              December ,                                                                        Lifeco      IGM     company       and other consolidation                Total

              Operating activities                                                                    ,              ,              ()       (,)          ,
              Financing activities                                                                     ()    (,9)    (,9)          ,          ,9            (9)
              Investing activities                                                                   (,9)                          (,9)           9          (,9)
              Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                 cash and cash equivalents                                                                        –           –                            ()           
              Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                        ,      (9)       ()          ()             ()           9
              Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                                        ,     ,9       ,            9            ()          9,9
              Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                  ,9     ,       ,            9            ()          9,




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A 211




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 211                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    NOTE 33            Segmented Information (continued)

                                    CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                  Alternative




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                                                                 investment
                                    For the year ended                                                                                             Holding         platforms     Effect of
                                    December ,                                                   Lifeco          IGM             GBL        company          and other consolidation     Total

                                    Revenues

 PART A
                                    Total net premiums                                              ,              –                  –              –                –          ()   ,9
                                    Net investment income                                            ,                               –                                           ,
                                    Fee income []                                                   ,9          ,                  –              –                      (9)    ,9
                                    Other revenues                                                       –              –                  –              –              9            –       9
                                    Total revenues                                                  ,          ,                  –                          ,       ()    9,
                                    Expenses
                                    Total paid or credited to policyholders                         ,9              –                  –             –                  –           –    ,9
                                    Commissions []                                                  ,          ,9                  –             –                  –         ()    ,9
                                    Operating and administrative expenses                            ,          ,                  –                         ,       ()    ,
                                    Financing charges                                                                                –                             9                 99
                                    Total expenses                                                  ,          ,                  –                         ,       ()    ,9
                                    Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                      corporations and associates, and income taxes                   ,         ,                  –          ()             ()          (9)    ,
                                    Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
                                      jointly controlled corporations and associates                                9                                                   (9)      9
                                    Earnings before income taxes                                      ,         ,                          ()              9        ()     ,
                                    Income taxes                                                                                  –                                                  
                                    Net earnings                                                      ,           9                          ()                      ()     ,

                                    Attributable to
                                      Non-controlling interests                                      ,9                           –                            (9)       ()     ,
                                      Non-participating shareholders                                     –              –               –                                –           –         
                                      Participating shareholders [][]                              ,                                      ()                         –      ,9
                                                                                                      ,           9                          ()                      ()     ,

                                    [] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in commission expenses.

                                    [] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
                                        Corporation includes the effect of consolidation.
                                    [] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                          A 212                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 212                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              NOTE 33             Segmented Information (continued)

              TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                        Alternative




                                                                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                              asset
                                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                            Holding      platforms     Effect of
              December ,                                                        Lifeco             IGM       GBL     company       and other consolidation              Total

              Cash and cash equivalents                                            ,              ,9           –      ,            9           ()         9,9

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
              Investments                                                        9,9              ,           –                  ,9                     ,
              Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                 investment platforms and other                                                    ,           –    ,                –       (,)                 –
              Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                 and associates                                                       9             ,      ,                   ,             ()        ,
              Other assets                                                         ,             ,          –                   ,           ()        ,
              Goodwill and intangible assets                                       ,             ,          –                     ,               –        ,
              Investments on account of
                 segregated fund policyholders                                   ,9                    –         –           –              –                –     ,9
              Total assets []                                                   ,9             ,      ,     ,           9,        (,)       ,

              Insurance and investment contract liabilities                      ,                    –         –           –              –                –     ,
              Obligation to securitization entities                                         –         ,           –           –              –                –       ,
              Power Corporation’s debentures and
                other debt instruments                                                      –               –         –                       –                –           
              Non-recourse debentures and
                other debt instruments                                               ,            ,           –                  ,               ()     ,
              Other liabilities                                                    ,99             ,           –      ,9          ,           ()        ,
              Insurance and investment contracts on account of
                 segregated fund policyholders                                   ,9                    –         –           –              –                –     ,9
              Total liabilities                                                  ,             ,           –      ,9          ,           ()       ,9

              [] Total assets of Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


              TOTAL ASSETS AND TOTAL REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION

              December ,                                                                                   Canada     United States              Europe                 Total

              Investments and cash and cash equivalents                                                         ,         ,9                ,9            ,
              Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                       ,                             ,              ,
              Other assets                                                                                       ,9         ,9                ,9             ,
              Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                     ,          ,9                 ,             ,
              Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                           ,        ,99               ,9            ,9
              Total assets                                                                                      ,        ,               ,            ,

              Total revenues                                                                                     ,         ,                ,9             9,



              CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                        Alternative
                                                                                                                                              asset
                                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                            Holding      platforms     Effect of
              December ,                                                                         Lifeco      IGM     company       and other consolidation              Total

              Operating activities                                                                    ,        9      ,          ()         (,)         ,
              Financing activities                                                                      (99)    (,)    (,)          9           ,            (9)
              Investing activities                                                                   (,)     ,99        9          ()           (9)        (,9)
              Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                 cash and cash equivalents                                                               ()         –           –             ()                          ()
              Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                        (,)               9                        9           ()
              Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                                         ,9              ,                       (9)        ,
              Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                  ,      ,9       ,           9            ()         9,9




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     A 213




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 213                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

                                    To the Shareholders of Power Corporation of Canada




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    Opinion
                                    We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation of Canada (the “Corporation”), which comprise
                                    the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated statements of earnings,
                                    comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial

 PART A
                                    statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).

                                    In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
                                    Corporation as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in
                                    accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).

                                    Basis for Opinion
                                    We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian GAAS”). Our
                                    responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
                                    Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Corporation in accordance with the ethical requirements that
                                    are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                                    accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
                                    provide a basis for our opinion.

                                    Key Audit Matters
                                    Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
                                    consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. These matters were addressed in the context of
                                    our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                    separate opinion on these matters.

                                    Insurance Contract Liabilities – Refer to Notes 2 and 12 to the financial statements
                                    Key Audit Matter Description
                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc., a publicly traded operating subsidiary of the Corporation (thereafter, “Lifeco”), has insurance contract
                                    liabilities representing a significant portion of the Corporation’s total liabilities. Insurance contract liabilities are determined
                                    in accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries using the
                                    Canadian Asset Liability Method (“CALM”). This method requires the use of complex valuation models incorporating
                                    projections of cash inflows and outflows using the best estimate of future experience together with a margin for adverse
                                    deviation.

                                    While there are many assumptions which management of Lifeco makes, the assumptions with the greatest estimation
                                    uncertainty are those related to mortality, including the impact, if any, of the COVID-1 pandemic, and policyholder
                                    behaviour. These assumptions required significant auditor attention in specific circumstances where (i) there is limited
                                    company and industry experience data, and (ii) the historical experience may not be a good indicator of the future. Auditing
                                    of certain valuation models, mortality and policyholder behaviour assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment
                                    and an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve actuarial specialists.

                                    How the Key Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit
                                    Our audit procedures related to certain valuation models, mortality and policyholder behaviour assumptions included the
                                    following, among others:

                                       With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the appropriateness of certain valuation models used in the estimation
                                        process by:

                                            Calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance policies and
                                             comparing the results to Lifeco’s estimate.
                                            Testing the accuracy of certain valuation models for changes in key assumptions.




                                         A 214                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 214                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)

                   With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the reasonableness of mortality and policyholder behaviour
                    assumptions, by:




                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                        Evaluating whether management of Lifeco’s assumptions were determined in accordance with actuarial principles
                         and practices under the Canadian actuarial standards of practice.
                        Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the policyholder behaviour and mortality

                                                                                                                                                                           PART A
                         assumptions.
                        Analyzing management of Lifeco’s interpretation and judgment of its experience study results and emerging claims
                         experience, evaluating triggers and drivers for revisions of assumptions, assessing reasonable possible alternative
                         assumptions, and considering industry and other external sources of benchmarking where applicable.

              Income taxes – Refer to Notes 2 and 17 to the financial statements
              Key Audit Matter Description
              The Corporation and its subsidiaries recognize deferred income taxes for the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on
              differences arising between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities, and is recorded at enacted or
              substantively enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to be realized.

              Certain of Lifeco’s subsidiaries have had a history of losses and have a deferred income tax asset comprised principally of net
              operating losses and judgment is applied in assessing the recoverability of the deferred income tax asset carrying values
              based on future years’ taxable income projections. Lifeco has concluded that through the use of certain tax planning
              opportunities, it is probable that sufficient taxable income will be generated to utilize certain of the unused losses.

              The determination of the recoverability of deferred tax assets in Lifeco’s subsidiaries required management of Lifeco to make
              judgments related to the assessment of management’s planned implementation of tax strategies. In addition, management
              of Lifeco makes significant estimates and assumptions in projecting future taxable income, specifically the revenue growth
              rates and projected expense margins and in the determination of whether the deferred tax asset will be realized. Auditing
              these judgments required a high degree of auditor judgment as the estimations made by management of Lifeco contain
              significant measurement uncertainty. This resulted in an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve
              income tax and other specialists.

              How the Key Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit
              Our audit procedures related to the tax strategies, revenue growth rates and projected expense margins, and the
              determination of whether the deferred tax assets in Lifeco’s subsidiaries will be realized included the following, among
              others:

                   With the assistance of income tax specialists, analyzed the reasonableness of Lifeco management’s projected future
                    taxable income available to determine whether the models properly factored in the impact of the tax planning
                    strategies.
                   Tested the reasonableness of the revenue growth rates and projected expense margins used to project future taxable
                    income that was available to realize the deferred tax asset by:

                        Assessing the key factors influencing management of Lifeco’s revenue growth rates and projected expense margins
                         used in the projections through both market and internally entity specific driven evidence.
                        Performing a retrospective analysis of projected future taxable income against actual results from prior years.

                   With the assistance of income tax and other specialists, evaluated the proposed tax planning strategies considered in
                    the recoverability analysis to assess whether the deferred tax asset will be realized.

              Prudential Financial Retirement Business Acquisition – Refer to Note 3 to the financial statements
              Key Audit Matter Description
              On April 1, 2022, Lifeco completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement business of Prudential Financial, Inc.
              (“Prudential”), through a share purchase and reinsurance transaction and recognized the assets acquired and the liabilities
              assumed based on their respective acquisition-date fair values, including customer contract intangible assets (“intangible
              assets”) and certain insurance contract liabilities (“insurance contract liabilities”).




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                               A 215




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 215                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)

                                    Management of Lifeco used discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of the intangible assets. While there
                                    are several assumptions and estimates required, those with the highest degree of subjectivity are the forecasted revenues




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    and earnings, and discount rates.

                                    There are many components embedded in the determination of the fair value of the insurance contract liabilities that
                                    required management of Lifeco to make judgments and assumptions relating to (1) the appropriate accounting treatment,

 PART A
                                    and (2) the appropriateness of valuation models that incorporate projections of cash inflows and outflows using the best
                                    estimate of future experience together with the discount rates. The judgments and assumptions with the greatest
                                    subjectivity are the determination of the appropriate accounting treatment, appropriateness of the valuation models,
                                    policyholder behaviour and discount rate assumptions.

                                    Auditing of these judgments, assumptions and estimates required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased
                                    extent of audit effort, including the need to involve fair value, actuarial, and financial instrument specialists.

                                    How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
                                    Our audit procedures related to these judgments, assumptions, estimates and the accounting treatment used to determine
                                    the fair value of intangible assets and insurance contract liabilities included the following, among others:

                                    Intangible assets:

                                       Evaluated the reasonableness of forecasted revenue and earnings by comparing the forecasts to:

                                            Historical results of the acquired entity.
                                            Actual results of the acquired entity post acquisition.
                                            Underlying analyses detailing business strategies and growth plans including estimated revenue and cost per
                                             participant.
                                            Third-party reports and comparable company performance.

                                       With the assistance of fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates used by testing the source
                                        information underlying the determination of the discount rates and developing a range of independent estimates and
                                        comparing those to the discount rates selected by management of Lifeco.

                                    Insurance contract liabilities:

                                       With the assistance of financial instrument specialists, evaluated management of Lifeco’s assessment related to the
                                        accounting treatment of the insurance contract liabilities by:

                                            Assessing the executed contracts to understand the nature of the products and to determine whether all key facts
                                             and circumstances were incorporated into management of Lifeco’s assessment.
                                            Analyzing relevant accounting standards, including various aspects of IFRS, conceptual framework and guidance.

                                       With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the appropriateness of the valuation models used in the estimation
                                        process by:

                                            Testing the valuation models for the incorporation of the key assumptions.
                                            Recalculating management of Lifeco’s estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance policies
                                             and comparing the results to Lifeco’s estimate.

                                       With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the reasonableness of policyholder behaviour assumptions, by:

                                            Evaluating whether management of Lifeco’s assumptions were determined in accordance with actuarial principles
                                             and practices.
                                            Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the policyholder behaviour assumptions.
                                            Analyzing management of Lifeco’s interpretation and judgments based on the relative inputs, considering
                                             reasonable possible alternative assumptions, and considering industry and other external sources of benchmarking
                                             where applicable.




                                         A 216                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 216                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)

              Adoption of new and amended Accounting Standards - IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (“IFRS 17”) - Refer to
              Note 2 to the financial statements




                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              Key Audit Matter Description
              For the period beginning on January 1, 2023, the Corporation and its subsidiary, Lifeco, will be adopting IFRS 17 and the
              Corporation has included an estimate of the financial impact on the opening consolidated balance sheet as at January 1,

                                                                                                                                                                           PART A
              2022 (“the transition date”) in accordance with IAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors.
              IFRS 17 is a complex accounting standard requiring considerable judgment and interpretation in its implementation, and
              will impact how Lifeco’s insurance contracts are recognized, measured, presented, and disclosed. In adopting the new
              standard, certain accounting policy choices were made, and the expected opening retained earnings impact was disclosed
              along with certain reclassifications and other transitional adjustments which reflect the future application of IFRS 17
              requirements, including the establishment of the initial contractual service margin. These disclosures will be more extensive
              in 2023, once the new standard is adopted.

              Management of Lifeco was required to make judgments and estimates to determine the accounting treatment at transition
              and to estimate the expected opening retained earnings impact. This resulted in an increased extent of audit effort,
              including the involvement of various specialists.

              How the Key Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit
              When additional IFRS 17 disclosures are required in the December 31, 2023 consolidated financial statements, further testing
              of the impacts of transition will be performed. With the assistance of various specialists, our audit procedures related to the
              determination of the accounting treatment at transition and the estimate of the expected opening retained earnings
              impact included the following, among others:

                   Evaluated management of Lifeco’s judgments to determine the accounting treatment at transition by analyzing the
                    disclosures against IFRS 17 accounting guidance.
                   Assessed the appropriateness and reasonableness of certain reclassifications, key models, significant assumptions and
                    other relevant inputs used in determining the transitional adjustments including the contractual service margin and
                    their related impact on the expected opening retained earnings.

              Other Information
              Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:

                   Management’s Discussion and Analysis, and
                   The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the Annual Report.

              Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form
              of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
              other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
              the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

              We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have
              performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
              required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this regard.

              The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on the work we will
              perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
              required to report that fact to those charged with governance.




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                A 217




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 217                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)

                                    Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements
                                    Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with IFRS,




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that
                                    are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                    In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Corporation’s ability to continue as a

 PART A
                                    going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
                                    unless management either intends to liquidate the Corporation or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to
                                    do so.

                                    Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Corporation’s financial reporting process.

                                    Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
                                    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
                                    misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
                                    is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian GAAS will always
                                    detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
                                    individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
                                    the basis of these financial statements.

                                    As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
                                    skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
                                        and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
                                        provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
                                        one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
                                        override of internal control.
                                       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                                        appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
                                        Corporation’s internal control.
                                       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
                                        disclosures made by management.
                                       Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
                                        audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
                                        doubt on the Corporation’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we
                                        are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such
                                        disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
                                        date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Corporation to cease to continue as a
                                        going concern.
                                       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and
                                        whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
                                        presentation.
                                       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
                                        within the Corporation to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
                                        supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

                                    We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
                                    the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
                                    audit.




                                         A 218                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 218                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)

              We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
              regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be




                                                                                                                                            POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

              From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
              significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit

                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
              matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
              matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
              because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
              such communication.

              The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Benoit B. Patry.



               Signed,
               Deloitte LLP 1
              __________________________
              
                  CPA auditor, public accountancy permit No. A9



              March 16, 2023

              Montréal, Québec




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                          A 219




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 219                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                    P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




                                    FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                    December ,




      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                    [in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts] (unaudited)                                           9      

                                    Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                   9,            9,9              ,       ,     ,
                                    Total assets                                                              ,          ,             9,     ,   ,


 PART A
                                    Shareholders’ equity                                                       ,           ,9              ,      ,    ,

                                    Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                    Revenues
                                    Total net premiums                                                         ,9            ,9              ,999     ,9    ,
                                    Net investment income (loss)                                              (,)            ,              ,     ,     ,9
                                    Fee income                                                                 ,            ,9               ,9     ,     ,
                                    Other revenues                                                                               9                 9        9       
                                    Total revenues                                                             ,9            9,              ,     ,    ,9

                                    Expenses
                                    Total paid or credited to policyholders                                    9,            ,9              ,     ,9    ,
                                    Commissions                                                                 ,9             ,9               ,9      ,     ,
                                    Operating and administrative expenses                                      ,            ,               ,9      ,     ,
                                    Financing charges                                                                            99                                
                                    Total expenses                                                             ,            ,9              ,     ,    ,
                                    Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                      and associates, and income taxes                                          ,              ,               ,     ,     ,
                                    Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
                                      jointly controlled corporations and associates                              ()               9                              
                                    Earnings before income taxes                                                ,              ,               ,     ,9     ,
                                    Income taxes                                                                                                                  
                                    Net earnings                                                                ,              ,               ,     ,     ,

                                    Attributable to
                                      Non-controlling interests                                                 ,              ,               ,     ,     ,
                                      Non-participating shareholders                                                                                                  
                                      Participating shareholders                                                ,9              ,9               ,99     ,     ,
                                                                                                                ,              ,               ,     ,     ,


                                    Per share
                                    Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                      .               .                .      .      .
                                    Adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders             .               .                .      .9      .
                                    Dividends declared on participating shares                                   .9               .                .9      .      .
                                    Book value per participating share                                          .              .               .     .9     .


                                    Market price (Participating shares)
                                    High                                                                        .              .               .     .     .
                                    Low                                                                         .              9.               .     .     .
                                    Year-end                                                                    .              .               9.     .     .




                                          A 220                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 220                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:27 PM
              P OW ER C OR PO R A T I ON OF CA N AD A




              QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION


              [in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                              Fourth             Third          Second              First




                                                                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
              (unaudited)                                                                                             quarter           quarter          quarter           quarter
              
              Total revenues []                                                                                     ,           ,            ,            ,
              Net earnings                                                                                              9              99                              
              Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                                                               

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
              Earnings per share attributable to participating shareholders
                – Basic                                                                                                 .              .             .              .
                – Diluted                                                                                               .              .             .              .
              
              Total revenues                                                                                         9,           ,            9,            ,
              Net earnings                                                                                              9            ,             ,               
              Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                                                99               
              Earnings per share attributable to participating shareholders
                – Basic                                                                                                 .9              .9             .              .
                – Diluted                                                                                               .9              .             .              .
              [] Comparative figures for  have been adjusted to reflect a reclassification of the fair value changes of certain derivative contracts. This reclassification had
                  no impact on net earnings of the Corporation.




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  A 221




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 221                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                 Page intentionally left blank.




                 A 222                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_01_PCC_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CT_Final.indd 222                                                 2023-03-16 1:27 PM
                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                  PART B




                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                                              PAGE B 2



                                              Financial Statements and Notes
                                              PAGE B 97




                                              Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
                                              numbers. A page number with the prefix “B” refers to the number of such page in




                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                              this document and the page number without any prefix refers to the number of such
                                              page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.

                                                                                                                                                                             PART B

                                              The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents prepared
                                              and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under such subsidiary’s
                                              profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Certain statements in the attached documents,
                                              other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on
                                              certain assumptions and reflect the current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth
                                              therein. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the
                                              reader in understanding the subsidiary’s financial performance, financial position and
                                              cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information
                                              about the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
                                              future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
                                              other purposes.

                                              By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties
                                              that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations,
                                              forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that
                                              assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities
                                              will not be achieved.

                                              For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
                                              could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
                                              statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making the
                                              forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the content
                                              of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents, including the
                                              section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information. The reader
                                              is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and not to put undue
                                              reliance on forward-looking statements.




                                              P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               B 1




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 1                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial performance and cash
                               flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and includes a comparison to
                               the corresponding periods in 2021, to the three months ended September 30, 2022, and to the Company’s financial condition as at December 31,
                               2021, as applicable. This MD&A provides an overall discussion, followed by analysis of the performance of Lifeco’s four major reportable
                               segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions.


                               Businesses of Lifeco
                               Lifeco has operations in Canada, the United States and Europe through The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life), Empower Annuity
                               Insurance Company of America (Empower, formerly known as Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company), Putnam Investments, LLC
                               (Putnam) and Irish Life Group Limited (Irish Life).
                               In Canada, Canada Life offers a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for individuals, families, businesses and organizations
                               through two primary business units: Individual Customer and Group Customer. Through the Individual Customer business unit, the Company
                               provides life, disability and critical illness insurance products as well as wealth savings and income products to individual customers. These
                               products are distributed through multiple channels: Advisor Solutions, managing general agencies (MGAs), national accounts and Financial
                               Horizons Group. Through the Group Customer business unit, the Company provides life, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness,
                               disability, health and dental protection, creditor insurance as well as retirement savings and income and annuity products and other specialty
                               products to group clients in Canada. These products are distributed through an extensive network of group sales offices located across the country
                               through brokers, consultants and financial security advisors.
                               In the U.S., Empower is a leading provider of employer-sponsored retirement savings plans in the public/non-profit and corporate sectors that
                               offers saving, investment and advisory services through employer-sponsored plans and individual product solutions. This includes the full-
                               service retirement services business of Prudential Financial, Inc. (Prudential) acquired on April 1, 2022. Personal Capital Corporation (Personal
                               Capital) is a hybrid wealth manager that combines a leading-edge digital experience with personalized advice. Empower’s products and services
                               are marketed nationwide through its sales force, brokers, consultants, advisors, third-party administrators and financial institutions. Putnam
                               provides investment management services and related administrative functions and distribution services, through a broad range of investment
                               products, including the Putnam Funds, its own family of mutual funds, which are offered to individual and institutional investors.
                               The Europe segment is comprised of three distinct business units serving customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland and Germany, offering




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               individual and group protection and wealth management products, including payout annuity products, equity release mortgages, pensions and
                               investments products. The U.K. and Germany business units operate under the Canada Life brand and the Ireland business unit operates under


 PART B
                               the Irish Life brand.
                               The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes the Reinsurance business unit, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and
                               Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided through Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both reinsurance and retrocession business
                               transacted directly with clients or through reinsurance brokers. As a retrocessionaire, the Company provides reinsurance to other reinsurers to
                               enable those companies to manage their insurance risk.
                               Lifeco currently has no other material holdings and carries on no business or activities unrelated to its holdings in Canada Life, Empower,
                               Putnam, Irish Life and their subsidiaries. However, Lifeco is not restricted to investing in those companies and may make other investments in
                               the future.


                               Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                               The consolidated financial statements of Lifeco, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been prepared in accordance with
                               International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) unless otherwise noted
                               and are presented in millions of Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Company’s
                               annual consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2022.




                               18   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 2                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 2                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis



                  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
                  This report contains forward-looking information. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future
                  events or conditions, or include words such as “will”, “may”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “objective”, “target”,
                  “potential” and other similar expressions or negative versions thereof. Forward-looking information includes, without limitation, statements about the Company’s
                  operations, business (including business mix), financial condition, expected financial performance (including revenues, earnings or growth rates and medium-
                  term financial objectives), ongoing business strategies or prospects, climate-related and diversity-related measures, objectives and targets, anticipated global
                  economic conditions and possible future actions by the Company, including statements made with respect to the expected cost (including deferred consideration),
                  benefits, timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue and expense synergies of acquisitions and divestitures, including but not limited to the
                  acquisitions of the full-service retirement business of Prudential, Personal Capital and the retirement services business of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance
                  Company (MassMutual), expected capital management activities and use of capital, estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital adequacy ratios, expected
                  dividend levels, expected cost reductions and savings, expected expenditures or investments (including but not limited to investment in technology infrastructure
                  and digital capabilities and solutions), the timing and completion of the joint venture between Allied Irish Banks plc (AIB) and Canada Life Irish Holding Company
                  Limited, the impact of regulatory developments on the Company’s business strategy and growth objectives, the expected impact of the ongoing pandemic health
                  event resulting from the coronavirus (COVID-19) and related economic and market impacts on the Company’s business operations, financial results and financial
                  condition. Forward-looking information also includes, without limitation, statements about the expected impact (or lack of impact) of IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts
                  and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments on the Company’s business strategy, financial strength, deployable capital, Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) ratio, base
                  and net earnings, shareholders’ equity, ratings and leverage ratios.
                  Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were current at
                  the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company, economic factors and
                  the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, mutual fund and retirement solutions industries. They are not guarantees of future performance,
                  and the reader is cautioned that actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Many of
                  these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company and there is no assurance that they will prove to be correct.
                  In particular, statements about the expected impact of IFRS 17 on the Company (including statements about the impact on base and net earnings and the Canada
                  Life Assurance Company LICAT Ratio) are based on the Company’s expected 2023 earnings mix and composition as at the start of 2023, including the reflection of
                  insurance contract earnings on an IFRS 17 basis and adjusted to reflect fully synergized earnings from the acquisitions of MassMutual and Prudential’s retirement
                  services businesses, and on current market and economic conditions. Further, the LICAT sensitivities presented in this MD&A have been prepared on the basis of




                                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                  IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts and IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement (IAS 39) and may change on transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9. In all
                  cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking information may depend on numerous factors, developments and assumptions, including, without


                                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
                  limitation, the severity, magnitude and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of governments’ and
                  other businesses’ responses to the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy and the Company’s financial results, financial condition and operations), the duration
                  of COVID-19 impacts and the availability and adoption of vaccines, the effectiveness of vaccines, the emergence of COVID-19 variants, geopolitical tensions
                  and related economic impacts, assumptions around sales, fee rates, asset breakdowns, lapses, plan contributions, redemptions and market returns, the ability to
                  integrate the acquisitions of Personal Capital and the retirement services businesses of MassMutual and Prudential, the ability to leverage Empower’s, Personal
                  Capital’s, MassMutual’s and Prudential’s retirement services businesses and achieve anticipated synergies, customer behaviour (including customer response to
                  new products), the Company’s reputation, market prices for products provided, sales levels, premium income, fee income, expense levels, mortality experience,
                  morbidity experience, policy and plan lapse rates, participant net contribution, reinsurance arrangements, liquidity requirements, capital requirements, credit
                  ratings, taxes, inflation, interest and foreign exchange rates, investment values, hedging activities, global equity and capital markets (including continued access
                  to equity and debt markets), industry sector and individual debt issuers’ financial conditions (including developments and volatility arising from the COVID-19
                  pandemic, particularly in certain industries that may comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio), business competition, impairments of goodwill and
                  other intangible assets, the Company’s ability to execute strategic plans and changes to strategic plans, technological changes, breaches or failure of information
                  systems and security (including cyber attacks), payments required under investment products, changes in local and international laws and regulations, changes
                  in accounting policies and the effect of applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings,
                  catastrophic events, continuity and availability of personnel and third party service providers, the Company’s ability to complete strategic transactions and integrate
                  acquisitions, unplanned material changes to the Company’s facilities, customer and employee relations or credit arrangements, levels of administrative and
                  operational efficiencies, changes in trade organizations, and other general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally.
                  The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list of assumptions and factors is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with securities
                  regulators, including factors set out in the Company’s 2022 Annual MD&A under “Risk Management and Control Practices” and “Summary of Critical Accounting
                  Estimates” and in the Company’s annual information form dated February 8, 2023 under “Risk Factors”, which, along with other filings, is available for review at
                  www.sedar.com. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to place undue reliance on
                  forward-looking information.
                  Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of new information,
                  future events or otherwise.




                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report      19




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B 3




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 3                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis



                                    Important Note Regarding Sustainability Disclosure
                                    Certain forward-looking statements in this report relate to the Company’s climate-related and diversity-related measures, objectives, priorities, strategies and
                                    commitments or actions that will be taken to achieve them. The climate-related statements include statements with respect to reducing the Company’s greenhouse
                                    gas (GHG) emissions related to its own activities and energy consumption and achieving net-zero GHG emissions for its operating and financing activities by 2050,
                                    the causes and potential impacts of climate change globally, and the Company’s approach to identifying and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
                                    The diversity-related statements include statements with respect to growing representation of women and underrepresented minorities in management.
                                    The forward-looking climate-related and diversity-related information in this report is presented for the purpose of assisting our stakeholders in understanding how
                                    we intend to address climate-related governance, strategy, risks, opportunities, and objectives, and may not be appropriate for other purposes.
                                    Any commitments, goals or targets discussed in this report, including but not limited to the Company’s net-zero related commitments and diversity-related
                                    measures, are aspirational and may need to be changed or recalibrated as data improve and as climate science, regulatory requirements and market practices
                                    regarding standards, methodologies, metrics and measurements evolve. Our climate risk analysis and net-zero strategy remain under development, and the data
                                    underlying our analysis and strategy remain subject to evolution over time. We are also continuing to develop our diversity-related data. There is a strong possibility
                                    that our expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions and conclusions may not prove to be accurate and our assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and there is a
                                    material risk we will not achieve our climate-related and diversity-related objectives, priorities, strategies and commitments. In addition, many of the assumptions,
                                    standards, metrics and measurements used in preparing these forward-looking statements are not audited or independently verified, have limited comparability
                                    and continue to evolve.
                                    There are limitations and uncertainties inherent in climate science, climate risk analysis and reporting. There are many factors that are the subject of ongoing climate
                                    science and that we cannot foresee or accurately predict, which will impact the Company’s ability to achieve its climate-related objectives, priorities, strategies and
                                    commitments. There are also many factors which will impact the Company’s ability to achieve its diversity-related objectives, priorities, strategies and commitments.
                                    These factors include, without limitation, the transition to a low-carbon economy, the need for more and better climate data and standardization of climate-
                                    related measurement methodologies, our ability to gather and verify data, our ability to develop indicators to effectively monitor our advancements and assess
                                    and manage climate-related risks, the need for active and continued action by stakeholders (including governmental and non-governmental organizations, our
                                    counterparties and other businesses and individuals), compliance with our policies and procedures, our ability to recruit and retain key personnel in a competitive
                                    environment for talent, technological advancements, the evolution of consumer behaviour, varying decarbonization efforts across economies, the challenges
                                    of balancing emission reduction objectives with an orderly, just and inclusive transition and geopolitical factors that impact global energy needs, the legal and




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    regulatory environment, and regulatory compliance considerations.


                                    Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
 PART B                             This report contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National Instrument 52-112
                                    “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “base earnings
                                    (loss)”, “base earnings (loss) (US$)”, “core net earnings (loss)”, “premiums and deposits”, “assets under management” and “assets under administration”. Terms
                                    by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not limited to, “base earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, “base dividend
                                    payout ratio” and “effective income tax rate – base earnings – common shareholders “. Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios are used to provide management
                                    and investors with additional measures of performance to help assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS) measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial
                                    measures and ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by GAAP (IFRS) and are not directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. Refer
                                    to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to measures
                                    prescribed by GAAP as well as additional details on each measure and ratio.




                               20    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 4                                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 4                                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Consolidated Operating Results

              Selected consolidated financial information
                                                                                                                                As at or for the three months ended                   For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                        Dec. 31                Sept. 30            Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
              (in Canadian $ millions, except for per share amounts)                                                     2022                   2022                2021                2022               2021

              Earnings
              Base earnings 1                                                                                       $         892          $         688      $         825       $       3,219       $       3,260
              Net earnings – common shareholders                                                                            1,026                    688                765               3,219               3,128
                Per common share
                Basic:
                     Base earnings 2                                                                                        0.957                  0.738               0.887              3.455               3.507
                     Net earnings                                                                                           1.101                  0.738               0.822              3.455               3.365
                Diluted net earnings                                                                                        1.100                  0.738               0.820              3.452               3.360
                Dividends paid                                                                                              0.490                  0.490               0.490              1.960               1.804
                Book value 3                                                                                                26.60                  25.61               24.71
              Base return on equity 2                                                                                      13.6%                  13.5%               14.6%
              Return on equity 3                                                                                           13.6%                  12.7%               14.0%



              Total net premiums                                                                                    $       8,544          $     13,921       $       12,989      $      52,821       $    52,813
              Total premiums and deposits 1                                                                                44,165                44,265               47,654            174,179           168,803
              Fee and other income                                                                                          1,979                 1,897                1,885              7,598             7,294
              Net policyholder benefits, dividends and experience refunds                                                  16,193                14,162               12,241             58,132            47,252



              Total assets per financial statements                                                                 $   701,455            $ 672,764          $ 630,488




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Total assets under management 1                                                                         1,033,189               991,905          1,007,643
              Total assets under administration 1,4                                                                   2,497,712             2,384,273          2,291,592


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
              Total equity                                                                                          $    32,318            $ 31,361           $ 30,483


              The Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT Ratio 5                                                  120%                  118%                124%


              1   This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
              2   This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
              3   Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
              4   2021 comparative figures have been restated to include Financial Horizons Group and Excel Private Wealth Inc. assets under administration in the Canada segment.
              5   The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life), Lifeco’s major Canadian operating subsidiary.
                  The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions’ Guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the “Capital Management and
                  Adequacy” section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         21




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                           B 5




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 5                                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Lifeco 2022 Highlights
                               Financial Performance
                               • For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, base earnings per common share were $3.455 compared to $3.507 a year ago, reflecting the
                                 Company’s strong performance, against a backdrop of market volatility and elevated inflation, supported by a diversified business portfolio
                                 and operational discipline. 2022 base earnings included a net provision for estimated claims resulting from the impact of Hurricane Ian of
                                 $128 million after-tax in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment. The third quarter of 2021 also included a provision for major weather events
                                 for $61 million. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, base earnings of $3,219 million were down $41 million or 1% compared to
                                 2021 base earnings of $3,260 million.
                               • For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net earnings per common share were $3.455, compared to $3.365 for the previous year, an
                                 increase of 3%. In 2022, in addition to base earnings, Lifeco’s net earnings included transaction, restructuring and integration costs of $180
                                 million compared to $255 million in 2021, primarily related to recent acquisitions in the United States and Europe segments. 2022 net earnings
                                 also included a net positive $84 million impact from tax legislative changes in the Canada segment compared to a net negative impact of
                                 $21 million in the Europe segment in 2021. These items were partially offset by market-related impacts on liabilities of negative $33 million
                                 compared to positive $24 million in 2021.
                               • The Company maintained its strong capital position as evidenced by a Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio at December 31,
                                 2022 of 120% for Canada Life, Lifeco’s major operating subsidiary, which exceeded the OSFI Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100%, and
                                 Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%.
                               • For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, Lifeco’s combined quarterly dividends paid to common shareholders increased by 8.6% to
                                 $1.960 per share.
                               • The Company’s financial leverage ratio at December 31, 2022 was 34.4% compared to 33.2% in the previous year. The increase was primarily
                                 due to a temporary increase in short-term debt to fund the acquisition of the retirement services business of Prudential and the issuance of
                                 a €500 million senior 4.70% euro bond on November 16, 2022. The Company currently expects to redeem the €500 million senior 2.50% euro
                                 bond at maturity on April 18, 2023, which would reduce pro forma leverage at December 31, 2022 by 1.1%.

                               Medium-Term Financial Objectives




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               The Company introduced medium-term financial objectives in 2021, with medium-term defined as 3 to 5 years. The Company aims to create
                               value through disciplined capital deployment to achieve, over the medium-term, 8-10% base EPS growth per annum, 14-15% base return on
                               equity (ROE) and to deliver strong cash generation.

 PART B
                                                                                                                                                                                                           1-Year             5-Year
                               Medium-Term Financial Objectives                                                                                                                                            Base 1             Base 1

                               8-10% base EPS growth per annum 1                                                                                                                                          (1.5)%         8.8% CAGR 2
                               14-15% base ROE 1                                                                                                                                                          13.6%         13.1% average
                               Target dividend payout ratio 45-55% of base earnings 1                                                                                                                     56.7%         58.3% average

                               Net Financial Highlights                                                                                                                                                     Net                Net

                               Net EPS growth per annum                                                                                                                                                     2.7%         9.7% CAGR
                               Net ROE                                                                                                                                                                     13.6%        13.5% average
                               Dividend payout ratio 3                                                                                                                                                     56.7%        56.7% average

                               1    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details. Upon adoption of the IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts
                                    accounting standard effective January 1, 2023, the Company will increase the target range for its base ROE objective to 16-17% reflecting changes to shareholders’ equity on transition.
                               2    2017 base earnings were calculated by excluding items from net earnings as discussed in the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document. In addition, the Company
                                    excluded earnings related to the business transferred to Protective Life under an indemnity reinsurance agreement in 2019 to provide a more accurate comparison for the 5-year growth rate.
                                    2017 base earnings were $2,244 million and base earnings per share was $2.269 compared to net earnings of $2,149 million and net earnings per share of $2.173. Items excluded from 2017
                                    base earnings included a positive impact on actuarial assumption changes and management actions of $243 million, a negative impact on market-related impacts on liabilities of $3 million,
                                    restructuring and integration costs of $160 million, a net charge on business disposition of $122 million, a net charge on tax legislative impacts of $216 million and $163 million of earnings related
                                    to the business transferred to Protective Life in 2019.
                               3    Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




                               22      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 6                                                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 6                                                                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              2022 Developments
              Strategic Highlights and Transactions
              The Company announced the following strategic business transactions in the U.S., Canada and Ireland to add scale, grow and extend
              their businesses.

              United States
              On April 1, 2022, a Lifeco subsidiary, Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (formerly Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company),
              which operates primarily as “Empower”, completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential Financial, Inc.
              (Prudential). With the completion of the acquisition, Empower’s reach in the U.S. has expanded to approximately 81,000 workplace savings plans
              as of December 31, 2022.
              The Company funded the total transaction value of US$3,480 million with US$1,193 million of limited recourse capital notes and US$823 million
              of short-term debt, in addition to existing resources.
              Empower anticipates realizing cost synergies through the migration of Prudential’s retirement services business onto Empower’s recordkeeping
              platform. Estimated run-rate cost synergies of US$180 million are expected to be phased in over 24 months primarily when systems migrations
              are completed. As of December 31, 2022, US$43 million of pre-tax run rate cost synergies have been achieved. Revenue synergies of US$20
              million are expected on a run-rate basis by the end of 2024 and are expected to grow to US$50 million by 2026.
              The Company completed the integration of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company’s retirement business (MassMutual) as of December
              31, 2022, and has achieved US$160 million of final pre-tax run rate cost synergies in line with original expectations. In the fourth quarter of 2022
              pre-tax run rate cost synergies increased US$59 million pre-tax compared to US$101 million pre-tax as of September 30, 2022. Empower is on
              track to achieve run rate revenue synergies of US$30 million pre-tax in 2024 and revenue synergies are expected to continue to grow beyond 2024.
              In July 2022, Empower initiated a new brand identity, with the name “Empower” replacing “Empower Retirement”, capturing the essence of the
              company’s mission: to increase people’s financial confidence and successfully achieve short and long-term financial wellness goals on their
              path to retirement. The change also simplifies customer connections and better represents the company’s expansion into financial wellness. The
              Company believes the new public-facing brand name will help to continue to drive business growth as it more accurately reflects its broadening
              stature and rapid growth.




                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Canada


                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
              On April 4, 2022, Canada Life and ClaimSecure Inc. (ClaimSecure) launched SecurePak, a bundled offering of Canada Life’s insurance benefits
              and ClaimSecure’s health and dental claims adjudication services. SecurePak offers plan sponsors the advantage of modernized claims processing
              through ClaimSecure and the security of Canada Life’s pooled products for plans in the small-case market with 25 to 200 plan members.
              On October 1, 2022, Plan Member as Customers was rebranded as Freedom Experience. The Company is leveraging this brand by renaming
              several direct-to-consumer products distributed by Group Customer with the Freedom Experience brand. A dedicated team will be focused on
              distributing these products and bringing the Freedom Experience to Canadians.

              Europe
              In Q4 2022, Irish Life completed the portfolio transfer of Ark Life Assurance Company dac (Ark Life), which was integrated into Irish Life’s Retail
              division effective October 1, 2022. This follows the purchase of Ark Life on November 1, 2021 by Irish Life Group Limited. During the fourth
              quarter of 2022, Ark Life changed its legal name to Irish Life Ark Dublin dac.

              Capital Transactions
              On November 16, 2022, the Company completed the offering of €500 million senior 4.70% euro bonds maturing on November 16, 2029. Net
              proceeds of the transaction are being used for general corporate purposes.
              On March 30, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, established a 2-year US$500 million non-revolving credit facility
              with interest on the drawn balance equal to a float rate based on the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The facility
              is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The $645 million (US$500 million) facility was fully drawn, along with $416 million
              (US$323 million) from an existing revolving credit facility to finance a portion of the Prudential retirement service business acquisition on
              the acquisition date.
              On July 1, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC made an initial payment of US$150 million on its existing revolving credit facility, followed by a final
              payment of US$173 million on December 30, 2022. As at December 31, 2022, the $675 million (US$500 million) facility remained fully drawn and
              the existing revolving credit facility balance was nil.




                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    23




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B 7




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 7                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Macroenvironmental Risks
                               While governments in different regions have now moved to ease COVID-19 pandemic restrictions, many factors continue to extend economic
                               uncertainty. Global financial markets continue to be volatile, in part due to Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine and the related sanctions. This
                               volatility has contributed to global supply chain disruptions and in turn, elevated levels of inflation, prompting central banks to raise interest
                               rates in response in many of the countries in which the Company operates.
                               The outlook for financial and real estate markets over the short and medium-term remains highly uncertain and the Company actively monitors
                               events and information globally. To date, net impacts have been modest, reflecting the Company’s diversified business and portfolio investments.
                               The Company continues to manage risks of changes to mortality and longevity rates as well as to monitor financial market conditions and
                               heightened cyber and global supply chain risks which could negatively affect the Company’s financial outlook, results and operations.
                               The Company’s well-diversified businesses, combined with business strength, resilience and experience managing through market volatility,
                               puts the Company in a strong position in the current environment to leverage opportunities for the future. Lifeco’s strategies are resilient and
                               flexible, positioning the Company to navigate current market conditions and continue to identify and pursue opportunities, including organic
                               growth and acquisition activities, while supporting customers and employees in an evolving environment.

                               Update on Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9
                               As noted in the “Accounting Policies” section of this document, IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) has replaced IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts
                               (IFRS 4) effective January 1, 2023. While the new standard will change the recognition and measurement of insurance contracts and the
                               corresponding presentation and disclosures in the Company’s financial statements, it is not expected to have a material financial impact or
                               to change the Company’s underlying business strategy. IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9) has replaced IAS 39, Financial Instruments:
                               Recognition and Measurement effective January 1, 2023, and is not expected to lead to a material change in the level of invested assets. Upon
                               adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, the Company expects an increase in net earnings volatility.
                               The Company will report under the new standards for the first time for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. The Company continues to evaluate the
                               impact of the adoption of these standards. Based on analysis to date, the expected impacts of the adoption of IFRS 17 include:
                               • Businesses now representing approximately 65% of base earnings 1,2 are expected to experience limited or no impact;
                               • The January 1, 2022 shareholders’ equity is expected to decrease by approximately 12% on the adoption of IFRS 17 on January 1, 2023 in line
                                 with original expectations, primarily due to the establishment of the contractual service margin (CSM), partially offset by the removal of




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                 provisions no longer required under IFRS 17;
                               • The CSM established for in-force contracts as at January 1, 2022 was $6.3 billion associated with the shareholders’ account and $2.3 billion

 PART B
                                 associated with the participating account. This does not include the CSM on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a material
                                 impact on capital or opening equity;
                               • Low-single digit percentage decrease in proforma base earnings 1,2 is expected as a result of transition with no material change to base earnings
                                 trajectory; however, increased volatility in net earnings is expected driven by the de-linking of asset and liability measurement. Actual
                                 differences between IFRS 4 and IFRS 17 results in any given period will vary depending on the composition of earnings drivers;
                               • Medium-term financial objectives for base EPS 3 growth and base dividend payout ratio 3 remain unchanged;
                               • Medium-term financial objective for base ROE 3 is increased by 2% to 16-17% reflecting the change in shareholders’ equity; and
                               • Financial strength will be maintained and a positive impact of approximately 10 points to the March 31, 2023 Canada Life consolidated LICAT
                                 Ratio is expected 4 based on the 2023 LICAT Guideline and current market and economic conditions.




                               1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
                               2    Proforma base and net earnings are calculated based on the expected 2023 earnings mix and composition as at the start of 2023, including the reflection of insurance contract earnings on an
                                    IFRS 17 basis and adjusted to reflect fully synergized earnings from the acquisitions of MassMutual’s and Prudential’s retirement services businesses. Many of these estimates and assumptions
                                    are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company’s management and there is no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Refer to “Cautionary Note regarding
                                    Forward-looking Information” and “Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures” at the beginning of this document.
                               3    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
                               4    Actual impact will depend on market and economic conditions and the Company’s operating results at the time of transition.



                               24      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 8                                                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 8                                                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Outlook for 2023
              Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios at
              the beginning of this document.
              In 2022, Lifeco’s solid results, despite challenging market conditions, reflected the resilience of its diversified business portfolio and focus on
              operational efficiency. In 2023, Lifeco will continue to center its efforts on managing current challenges and adapting to an uncertain environment.
              Focused on the customer and leveraging its risk and investment expertise, Lifeco will continue to make disciplined choices consistent with
              its four value-creation priorities to drive growth across its business portfolio. The priorities represent areas of strength where the Company is
              committed to investing to create shareholder value:
              • Continue to scale and leverage millions of customer relationships to capture value through advice-based wealth and insurance solutions;
              • Deliver efficient and effective advice, solutions and service for customers through multiple digitally-enabled channels;
              • Extend workplace participant relationships into lifetime customer relationships through hybrid advice, solutions and services; and
              • Leverage risk and investment expertise to enable and augment wealth and insurance solutions.
              The Company intends to invest strategically, both organically and through acquisitions, to drive growth and productivity, while maintaining
              strong risk and expense discipline, to deliver sustainable long-term value to its customers and shareholders.
              With the acquisitions announced and completed in 2021 and 2022, the Company will continue to focus on completing and integrating acquisitions
              to enhance the customer experience and realize target synergies to maximize contributions to earnings in 2023.
              In 2023, the Company will continue to expand its analytical capabilities following the successful implementation of accounting changes related
              to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, which are effective on January 1, 2023.
              In Canada, the Company will continue to leverage the strength of the Canada Life brand to develop innovative products and services, broaden
              and deepen its distribution channels and ultimately, better serve its customers. Specifically, in its Individual Customer business, Canada Life
              will continue to advance on its strong advisor value proposition across all channels with a comprehensive range of individual insurance and
              individual wealth management products, ensuring the best tools and strategies are in place to drive long-term financial security for its customers.
              In its Group Customer business, Canada Life will continue to invest in new digital capabilities and innovative benefits solutions, driving enhanced
              personalization and insights for its clients and their plan members, while improving efficiency and customer service. Group Customer plans to
              capitalize on its recent acquisition of ClaimSecure and leverage newly acquired capabilities to offer an enhanced product shelf as well as grow




                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              in the third party administrator business segment. Operational resiliency and disciplined expense management across Canada Life’s diversified
              portfolio of products and services will also be key to delivering strong financial results in 2023 in Canada.


                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
              In the U.S., Empower expects continued investments in improving customer web experiences, including adding innovative capabilities and ease
              of service products with the aim of increasing customer retention and ultimately increasing participant retirement savings by helping customers
              better understand their current financial needs through financial advice and goal setting. Empower also expects continued growth in retail
              by leveraging the capabilities of Personal Capital to deliver hybrid digital advice and wealth management solutions to drive increased retail
              penetration. Similar to the recent Personal Capital and MassMutual business acquisitions, additional cost synergies related to Prudential are
              anticipated to be realized throughout 2023 and the first half of 2024 as the migration of Prudential’s retirement services business onto Empower’s
              recordkeeping platform continues. Putnam is focused on innovative product and service offerings to drive strong investment performance and
              enhanced brand recognition while managing firm-wide expenses, as it seeks to further build a scalable and profitable asset management franchise.
              In the United Kingdom (U.K.), the Company is focusing on the growing retirement market by developing solutions for individuals who require
              additional pension flexibility and further develop its presence in the bulk annuity market. In Ireland, the focus will be on strengthening positions
              in the wealth and employee benefits consulting markets following recent acquisitions in 2020 and 2021 and leveraging technology to enhance the
              customer experience. In Germany, the Company plans to grow its assets under management and market share through the continued investment
              and innovation in product development, service enhancement and distribution.
              In Capital and Risk Solutions, the Reinsurance business unit will continue to support its clients in existing markets and explore opportunities in
              new geographies where the Company’s innovative reinsurance solutions can be deployed to support clients’ evolving needs.




                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    25




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B 9




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 9                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Base and Net Earnings
                               Consolidated base earnings and net earnings of Lifeco include the base earnings and net earnings of Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries),
                               Empower and Putnam, together with Lifeco’s Corporate operating results.

                               Base earnings 1 and net earnings – common shareholders
                                                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                       For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                           Dec. 31              Sept. 30             Dec. 31              Dec. 31             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                            2022                 2022                 2021                 2022                2021

                               Base earnings (loss) 1
                                   Canada                                                                                              $          295       $         283        $        317         $      1,146        $       1,220
                                   United States                                                                                                  185                 204                 156                  652                  671
                                   Europe                                                                                                         239                 200                 213                  892                  830
                                   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                     187                   1                 145                  532                  547
                                   Lifeco Corporate                                                                                               (14)                  –                  (6)                  (3)                  (8)
                               Lifeco base earnings 1                                                                                  $          892       $         688        $        825         $      3,219        $       3,260


                               Items excluded from base earnings
                                   Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions 2                                         $           49       $           68       $          23        $        129        $         134
                                   Market-related impacts on liabilities 2                                                                         38                  (45)                 20                 (33)                  24
                                   Transaction costs related to acquisitions 3                                                                     (5)                  20                 (74)                (49)                (189)
                                   Restructuring and integration costs                                                                            (32)                 (43)                (15)               (131)                 (66)
                                   Tax legislative changes impact                                                                                  84                    –                   –                  84                  (21)
                                   Net gain/charge on business dispositions 4                                                                       –                    –                 (14)                  –                  (14)
                               Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings                                                                $          134       $              –     $         (60)       $             –     $        (132)


                               Net earnings (loss) – common shareholders




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                   Canada                                                                                              $          380       $         160        $        307         $      1,116        $       1,187
                                   United States                                                                                                  162                 164                  92                  460                  499
                                   Europe                                                                                                         287                 249                 239                  984                  976

 PART B
                                   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                     211                 115                 133                  662                  532
                                   Lifeco Corporate                                                                                               (14)                  –                  (6)                  (3)                 (66)
                               Lifeco net earnings – common shareholders                                                               $      1,026         $         688        $        765         $      3,219        $       3,128

                               1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
                               2    Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                               3    The transaction costs relate to acquisitions in the U.S. segment (the full-service retirement business of Prudential, Personal Capital and the retirement services business of MassMutual) as well as
                                    acquisitions in the Europe segment. In addition, the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 included a provision for payments relating to the Company’s acquisition of Canada Life.
                               4    For the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021, net gain/charge on business dispositions includes a $14 million net charge on business disposition in the Europe Corporate business unit.

                               The information in the table above is a summary of results for base and net earnings of the Company. Additional commentary regarding base and
                               net earnings is included in the “Segmented Operating Results” section.

                               Base earnings
                               Base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2022 of $892 million ($0.957 per common share) increased by $67 million or 8% from $825 million ($0.887
                               per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to strong new business growth and favourable longevity and improved claims
                               experience on the U.S. life business in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, Prudential related base earnings of $64 million (US$47 million) as
                               well as favourable investment and longevity experience in the Europe segment. The increase was partially offset by lower fee income driven by
                               lower assets as well as less favourable mortality and investment experience in the Canada segment.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, Lifeco’s base earnings were $3,219 million ($3.455 per common share) compared to $3,260
                               million ($3.507 per common share) a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to lower fee income driven by lower assets, negative currency
                               movement impacts, less favourable mortality, morbidity and investment experience in the Canada segment and the net provision for estimated
                               claims resulting from the impact of Hurricane Ian of $128 million after-tax in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment. These items were partially
                               offset by changes in certain tax estimates and higher earnings on surplus in the Canada segment, favourable investment and mortality experience
                               in the Europe segment and base earnings related to the Prudential acquisition in the U.S. segment.




                               26      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 10                                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 10                                                                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Net earnings
              Lifeco’s net earnings for the three month period ended December 31, 2022 of $1,026 million ($1.101 per common share) increased by $261
              million or 34% compared to $765 million ($0.822 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to an increase in base
              earnings as well as more favourable market-related impacts on liabilities and actuarial assumption changes. In addition, the Company had
              a net favourable impact of revaluation of net deferred tax assets and actuarial liabilities resulting from an increase to the Canadian federal
              corporation tax rate substantively enacted during the fourth quarter of 2022. These items were partially offset by higher restructuring and
              integration costs in the U.S. segment.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, Lifeco’s net earnings were $3,219 million ($3.455 per common share) compared to $3,128
              million ($3.365 per common share) a year ago. The 3% increase was primarily due to lower Personal Capital transaction costs as well as the net
              favourable impact of revaluation of net deferred tax assets and actuarial liabilities discussed for the in-quarter results. The increase was partially
              offset by lower base earnings, negative currency movement impacts as well as unfavourable market-related impacts on liabilities driven by
              property cash flows in the Europe segment as well as market volatility resulting in hedge ineffectiveness.
              Lifeco’s net earnings for the three month period ended December 31, 2022 of $1,026 million ($1.101 per common share) increased by $338
              million or 49% compared to $688 million ($0.738 per common share) in the previous quarter. Net earnings for the third quarter of 2022 included a
              net provision for estimated claims resulting from the impact of Hurricane Ian of $128 million after-tax in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment.
              The increase also reflects new business growth in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, changes in certain tax estimates in the Canada segment
              as well as favourable market-related impacts on liabilities.

              Actuarial Assumption Changes and Other Management Actions
              The impact of actuarial assumption changes resulting from an increase to the Canadian statutory income tax rate is reported under ‘Tax legislative
              changes impact’ within items excluded from base earnings.
              For the three months ended December 31, 2022, other actuarial assumption changes and other management actions resulted in a positive net
              earnings impact of $49 million. This compares to a positive impact of $23 million for the same quarter last year and a positive impact of $68
              million for the previous quarter.
              In the Europe segment, net earnings were positively impacted by $37 million, primarily due to management actions including the completion
              of the Ark Life acquisition and integration in Ireland. In the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, net earnings were positively impacted by $10




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              million, primarily due to updated annuitant mortality assumptions, partially offset by updated expense assumptions. In the Canada segment,
              there were no material updates other than the changes related to the Canadian tax rate.


                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, other actuarial assumption changes and management actions resulted in a positive net
              earnings impact of $129 million, compared to positive $134 million for the same period in 2021.
              In the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, net earnings were positively impacted by $129 million for the twelve months ended December 31,
              2022, primarily due to updated annuitant mortality assumptions, partly offset by updated life mortality and expense assumptions. In the Europe
              segment, net earnings were positively impacted by $117 million, primarily due to updated annuitant mortality assumptions and management
              actions including the completion of the Ark Life acquisition and integration in Ireland. In the Canada segment, net earnings were negatively
              impacted by $117 million, primarily due to updated policyholder behaviour assumptions, partially offset by updated life mortality assumptions
              and model refinements.

              Market-Related Impacts
              In the regions where the Company operates, average equity market indices for the three months ended December 31, 2022 were down by 16%
              in the U.S. (as measured by S&P 500), 11% in broader Europe (as measured by EURO STOXX 50), 7% in Canada (as measured by S&P TSX) and
              consistent in the U.K. (as measured by FTSE 100) compared to the same period in 2021. The major equity indices finished the fourth quarter of
              2022 up 14% in broader Europe, 8% in the U.K., 7% in the U.S. and 5% in Canada compared to September 30, 2022. For the twelve months ended
              December 31, 2022, average equity market levels were lower in the U.S., broader Europe, Canada and remained consistent in the U.K. compared
              to the same period in 2021.
              Market-related impacts on liabilities positively impacted net earnings by $38 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 (positive impact of $20 million
              in the fourth quarter of 2021), primarily reflecting the impact of equity markets and interest rate movements on the value of segregated fund and
              variable annuity guarantees, including hedge ineffectiveness, partially offset by the impact of updated cash flow projections for real estate which
              support insurance contract liabilities in the Europe segment.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, market-related impacts on liabilities negatively impacted net earnings by $33 million (positive
              impact of $24 million in 2021). The 2022 year-to-date negative impact was primarily due to the negative impact of equity markets and interest rate
              movements on the value of segregated fund and variable annuity guarantees, including hedge ineffectiveness.
              In countries where the Company operates, interest rates increased during 2022, resulting in a modest positive impact on net earnings reflecting
              higher income on surplus assets, partially offset by lower fees on fixed income products. In order to mitigate the Company’s exposure to interest
              rate fluctuations, the Company follows disciplined processes for matching asset and liability cash flows. As a result, the impact of changing
              interest rates is mostly mitigated in the current period, with the impact of changes in fair values of bonds backing insurance contract liabilities
              mostly offset by a corresponding change in the insurance contract liabilities.
              For a further description of the Company’s sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, including expanded sensitivity disclosure
              as a result of current market conditions, refer to “Financial Instruments Risk Management”, note 8 to the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual
              consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    27




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              B 11




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 11                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Foreign Currency
                               The average currency translation rate for the fourth quarter of 2022 increased for the U.S. dollar and decreased for the British pound and the euro
                               compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. The overall impact of currency movement on the Company’s net earnings for the three months ended
                               December 31, 2022 was a decrease of $4 million (decrease of $95 million year-to-date) compared to translation rates a year ago.
                               From September 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022, the market rates at the end of the reporting period used to translate the U.S. dollar assets and
                               liabilities to the Canadian dollar decreased, while the euro and British pound increased. The movements in end-of-period exchange rates impact
                               the translation of foreign operations, including related hedge activities, resulting in post-tax unrealized foreign exchange gains of $183 million
                               in-quarter ($613 million net unrealized gains year-to-date) recorded in other comprehensive income.
                               Translation rates for the reporting period and comparative periods are detailed in the “Translation of Foreign Currency” section.

                               Credit Markets

                               Credit markets impact on common shareholders’ net earnings (after-tax)
                                                                                                                                          Changes in                                                    Changes in
                                                                                                                    Impairment             provisions                                Impairment          provisions
                                                                                                                     (charges) /           for future                                 (charges) /        for future
                                                                                                                     recoveries          credit losses 1           Total              recoveries       credit losses 1         Total

                                                                                                                        For the three months ended December 31, 2022                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022

                               Canada                                                                               $           (1)      $            1        $             –      $         (1)      $           2       $             1
                               United States                                                                                   (11)                   –                    (11)              (12)                 11                    (1)
                               Europe                                                                                           (2)                   2                      –                (5)                  –                    (5)
                               Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                        –                    –                      –                 –                  (1)                   (1)
                               Total                                                                                $          (14)      $            3        $           (11)     $        (18)      $          12       $            (6)

                                                                                                                          For the three months ended December 31, 2021                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021

                               Total                                                                                $           (2)      $            3        $             1      $        (14)      $           (6)     $           (20)




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               1    Impact of changes in credit ratings in the Company’s fixed income portfolio on provisions for future credit losses in insurance contract liabilities.

                               In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company experienced net charges on impaired investments, including dispositions, which negatively impacted

 PART B
                               common shareholders’ net earnings by $14 million ($2 million net negative impact in the fourth quarter of 2021), primarily due to charges on
                               impaired commercial mortgages. Net charges on impaired investments reflect net allowances for credit losses included in net investment income
                               and the associated release of actuarial provisions for future credit losses, as applicable. Separately, related to non-impaired invested assets,
                               changes in credit ratings in the Company’s fixed income portfolio resulted in a net decrease in provisions for future credit losses in insurance
                               contract liabilities, which positively impacted common shareholders’ net earnings by $3 million ($3 million positive impact in the fourth quarter
                               of 2021), primarily due to upgrades of certain corporate bond and commercial mortgage holdings.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company experienced net charges on impaired investments, including dispositions, which
                               negatively impacted common shareholders’ net earnings by $18 million ($14 million net negative impact in 2021), primarily due to the same
                               reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. Separately, related to non-impaired invested assets, changes in credit ratings in the Company’s
                               fixed income portfolio resulted in a net decrease in provisions for future credit losses in insurance contract liabilities, which positively impacted
                               common shareholders’ net earnings by $12 million year-to-date ($6 million net negative impact in 2021), primarily due to the same reasons
                               discussed for the in-quarter results.
                               There could be negative impacts from downgrades in future periods resulting from certain economies that are materially affected by inflationary
                               pressures or geopolitical tensions.




                               28      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 12                                                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 12                                                                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Income Taxes
              The Company’s effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total Lifeco earnings are presented below.

              Effective income tax rate
                                                                                                                                For the three months ended                    For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                      Dec. 31              Sept. 30           Dec. 31           Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                       2022                 2022               2021              2022               2021

              Base earnings – Common shareholders 1                                                                      11.6%                 6.4%               9.4%              9.6%                 9.5%
              Net earnings – Common shareholders                                                                          7.7%                (3.3)%              9.8%              5.9%                 9.9%
              Net earnings – Total Lifeco                                                                                 9.9%                 1.5%               3.8%              6.2%                 7.9%

              1   This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.

              The Company’s effective income tax rates are generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 27.5% due to benefits related to non-taxable
              investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
              A Canadian federal corporate income tax rate change, enacted in 2022 (effective after April 7, 2022), increased the statutory income tax rate from
              26.5% to 28.0% (prorated to 27.5% in 2022).
              In the fourth quarter of 2022, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 11.6% was up from 9.4% in the fourth
              quarter of 2021, primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the effective income tax rate on net earnings for
              the common shareholders of 7.7% was down from 9.8% in the fourth quarter of 2021, primarily due to the revaluation of a net deferred tax asset
              resulting from the increase to the Canadian statutory income tax rate as well as jurisdictional mix of earnings. These items were partially offset
              by changes in certain tax estimates.
              In the fourth quarter of 2022, the overall effective income tax rate on net earnings of 9.9%, was up from 3.8% in the fourth quarter of 2021, primarily
              due to changes in certain tax estimates as well as the revaluation of a net deferred tax liability resulting from the increase to the Canadian
              statutory income tax rate.
              The Company had an effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 9.6% for the twelve months ended December 31,
              2022, which was comparable to 9.5% for the same period last year. The Company had an effective income tax rate on net earnings for the common




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              shareholders of 5.9%, down from 9.9% for the same period last year, primarily due to the revaluation of a net deferred tax asset resulting from the
              increase to the Canadian statutory income tax rate, as well as jurisdictional mix of earnings.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B
              The Company had an overall effective income tax rate on net earnings of 6.2% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, down from 7.9%
              for the same period last year, primarily due to jurisdictional mix of earnings and changes in certain tax estimates.
              Refer to note 26 to the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for further details.
              In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published model rules outlining a structure for
              a new global minimum tax regime to be implemented by all participating countries at an agreed future date, currently expected to be 2024.
              Detailed commentary on the rules was released by the OECD during 2022. The Canadian government confirmed its commitment to implement
              the global minimum tax, with implementation, including timing, to be coordinated with international partners. Canadian legislation is expected
              in 2023. In December 2022, the European Union adopted a directive that member countries must enact the 15% minimum tax into their national
              laws by end of 2023. The U.K. plans to implement the minimum tax effective for 2024. At this point, the countries where the Company currently
              operates have all indicated their participation; however, none have implemented legislation. A number of these countries currently operate at a
              lower tax rate than the proposed minimum, and when legislation is enacted the Company expects an increase in the effective income tax rate.
              The Company is awaiting the legislation and detailed guidance to assess the full implications in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.
              The U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, signed into law in August 2022 and effective January 1, 2023, introduced a 15% corporate alternative
              minimum tax on financial statement income. While it is expected that this tax will advance cash tax payments, the Company does not expect
              there will be any impact on its overall effective income tax rate.




                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report       29




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B 13




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 13                                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Total Net Premiums, Premiums and Deposits and Sales
                                                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                   For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                           Dec. 31             Sept. 30           Dec. 31            Dec. 31             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                            2022                2022               2021               2022                2021

                               Total net premiums
                                    Canada                                                                                             $       4,582       $       3,597      $      4,114       $     15,103        $     13,900
                                    United States 1                                                                                           (5,515)              2,327               611              2,025               4,518
                                    Europe                                                                                                     1,025                 786             1,042              3,962               4,862
                                    Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                 8,452               7,211             7,222             31,731              29,533
                               Total net premiums                                                                                      $      8,544        $     13,921       $     12,989       $     52,821        $     52,813

                               Premiums and deposits 2
                                   Canada                                                                                              $      8,212        $      7,136       $      7,918       $     30,727        $     29,357
                                   United States                                                                                             20,249              22,957             24,932             82,099              79,896
                                   Europe                                                                                                     7,252               6,961              7,582             29,622              30,017
                                   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                 8,452               7,211              7,222             31,731              29,533
                               Total premiums and deposits 2                                                                           $     44,165        $     44,265       $     47,654       $ 174,179           $ 168,803

                               Sales 3,4
                                    Canada                                                                                             $      4,029        $      3,087       $      4,881       $    14,639         $    16,425
                                    United States                                                                                            40,278              35,854             40,104           165,268             204,584
                                    Europe                                                                                                    6,438               6,582              6,493            27,280              26,613
                               Total sales 3,4                                                                                         $     50,745        $     45,523       $     51,478       $ 207,187           $ 247,622

                               1    On December 31, 2022, Empower completed two separate agreements to cede, via indemnity reinsurance, insurance contract liabilities to a non-related party. As a result of the transaction,
                                    the Company recognized an increase of $8,005 million to ceded premiums, as well as a decrease of $8,005 million to total paid or credited to policyholders. Refer to note 3(d) of the Company’s
                                    December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for further details.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               2    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
                               3    Sales is not a relevant measure for the Capital and Risk Solutions segment due to the nature of operations.
                               4    Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.


 PART B
                               The information in the table above is a summary of results for the Company’s total net premiums, premiums and deposits and sales. Additional
                               commentary regarding total net premiums and sales is included, as applicable, in the “Segmented Operating Results” section.

                               Net Investment Income
                                                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                   For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                           Dec. 31             Sept. 30           Dec. 31            Dec. 31             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                            2022                2022               2021               2022                2021

                               Investment income earned (net of investment properties expenses)                                        $      2,327        $       2,262      $      1,647       $      8,489        $      6,481
                               Net Allowances for credit losses on loans and receivables                                                        (20)                 (11)               (2)               (42)                (30)
                               Net realized gains (losses)                                                                                      (56)                  (1)               42                (58)                139
                               Regular investment income                                                                                      2,251                2,250             1,687              8,389               6,590
                               Investment expenses                                                                                              (75)                 (54)              (50)              (243)               (197)
                               Regular net investment income                                                                                  2,176                2,196             1,637              8,146               6,393
                               Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                   1,373               (5,642)            1,611            (23,903)             (2,083)
                               Total net investment income                                                                             $      3,549        $      (3,446)     $      3,248       $    (15,757)       $      4,310




                               30      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 14                                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 14                                                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Total net investment income in the fourth quarter of 2022 increased by $301 million compared to the same quarter last year. The changes in fair
              value in the fourth quarter of 2022 were an increase of $1,373 million compared to $1,611 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. In the fourth
              quarter of 2022, the net increase to fair values was primarily due to a decline in U.S. and U.K. corporate bond yields. In the fourth quarter of 2021,
              the net increase to fair values was primarily due to a decline in bond yields across all geographies and an increase in Canadian equity markets.
              Regular net investment income in the fourth quarter of 2022 of $2,176 million increased by $539 million compared to the same quarter last year.
              The increase was primarily due to income earned on bonds and mortgages acquired through the Prudential acquisition, partially offset by lower
              net realized gains. Net realized gains (losses) include losses on available-for-sale securities of $29 million for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared
              to gains of $8 million for the same quarter last year.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, total net investment income decreased by $20,067 million compared to the same period last
              year. The changes in fair value for the twelve month period in 2022 were a decrease of $23,903 million compared to $2,083 million during the same
              period in 2021. The changes in fair value were primarily due to a greater increase in bond yields across all geographies driven by higher interest
              rates resulting from elevated inflation and also due to a decline in the Canadian equity markets over the year, compared to a smaller increase in
              bond yields across all geographies, partially offset by an increase in Canadian equity markets in 2021.
              Regular net investment income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 of $8,146 million increased by $1,753 million compared to the
              same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. Net realized gains (losses) include
              losses on available-for-sale securities of $44 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to gains of $27 million for the
              same period last year.


              Fee and Other Income
              In addition to providing traditional risk-based insurance products, the Company also provides certain products on a fee-for-service basis. The
              most significant of these products are segregated funds and mutual funds, for which the Company earns investment management fees on assets
              managed and other fees, as well as administrative services only (ASO) contracts, under which the Company provides group benefit plan
              administration on a cost-plus basis.
                                                                                                                   For the three months ended                    For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                         Dec. 31             Sept. 30            Dec. 31            Dec. 31            Dec. 31




                                                                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                          2022                2022                2021               2022               2021

              Canada
                  Segregated funds, mutual funds and other                                           $        425        $         427      $         452       $      1,725       $        1,765

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
                  Administrative services only (ASO) contracts                                                 67                   63                 69                263                  226
                                                                                                              492                  490                521              1,988                1,991
              United States
                  Segregated funds, mutual funds and other                                                  1,156                1,095                998              4,271                3,880
              Europe
                  Segregated funds, mutual funds and other                                                    328                  312                364              1,334                1,415
              Capital and Risk Solutions
                  Reinsurance and other                                                                            3                    –                  2                  5                  8
              Total fee and other income                                                             $      1,979        $       1,897      $       1,885       $      7,598       $        7,294


              The information in the table above is a summary of gross fee and other income for the Company. Additional commentary regarding fee and other
              income is included, as applicable, in the “Segmented Operating Results” section.




                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report        31




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                 B 15




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 15                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Net Policyholder Benefits, Dividends and Experience Refunds
                                                                                                                       For the three months ended              For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                             Dec. 31             Sept. 30           Dec. 31        Dec. 31         Dec. 31
                                                                                                              2022                2022               2021           2022            2021

                               Canada                                                                    $      3,190        $       2,561      $      2,522   $     10,608    $     10,171
                               United States                                                                    4,140                3,687             1,654         13,472           7,310
                               Europe                                                                           1,022                  765             1,000          3,518           3,909
                               Capital and Risk Solutions                                                       7,841                7,149             7,065         30,534          25,862
                               Total                                                                     $     16,193        $     14,162       $     12,241   $     58,132    $     47,252


                               Net policyholder benefits, dividends and experience refunds include life and health claims, policy surrenders, maturities, annuity payments,
                               segregated fund guarantee payments, policyholder dividends and experience refund payments. The amounts do not include payments for ASO
                               contracts, segregated funds or mutual funds.
                               For the three months ended December 31, 2022, net policyholder benefits, dividends and experience refunds were $16.2 billion, an increase of
                               $4.0 billion from the same quarter last year, driven by higher net policyholder benefits. The increase in net policyholder benefits was primarily
                               due to the addition of the Prudential business in the U.S. segment as well as new reinsurance agreements and volume changes relating to existing
                               business in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment. The increase was partially offset by lower surrenders in the U.S. segment.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net policyholder benefits, dividends and experience refunds were $58.1 billion, an increase of
                               $10.9 billion from the same period last year, driven by higher net policyholder benefits. The increase in net policyholder benefits was primarily
                               due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.


                               Other Benefits and Expenses
                                                                                                                       For the three months ended              For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                             Dec. 31             Sept. 30           Dec. 31        Dec. 31         Dec. 31




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                              2022                2022               2021           2022            2021

                               Operating and administrative expenses                                     $      1,943        $       1,711      $      1,688   $      7,109    $      6,337
                               Commissions                                                                        715                  628               717          2,675           2,664

 PART B
                               Premium taxes                                                                      139                  123               134            497             500
                               Amortization of finite life intangible assets and impairment reversal               93                  101                89            373             336
                               Financing charges                                                                  114                   98                89            398             328
                               Restructuring and integration expenses                                              43                   58                21            178              90
                               Total                                                                     $      3,047        $       2,719      $      2,738   $     11,230    $     10,255


                               Other benefits and expenses for the fourth quarter of 2022 of $3,047 million increased by $309 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2021,
                               primarily due to higher operating and administrative expenses. The fourth quarter of 2022 included Prudential operating and administrative
                               expenses of $211 million. In addition, higher operating and administrative expenses were due to business growth at Empower.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, other benefits and expenses increased by $975 million to $11,230 million compared to
                               the same period last year, primarily due to higher operating and administrative expenses as discussed for the in-quarter results. The twelve
                               months ended December 31, 2022 included Prudential operating and administrative expenses of $604 million. In addition, restructuring and
                               integration expenses increased compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the acquisition of Prudential. The Company completed
                               the integrations of Personal Capital and MassMutual during the fourth quarter of 2022.




                               32      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 16                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 16                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Consolidated Financial Position

              Assets
              Assets under administration 1
                                                                                                                                                                                Capital and
                                                                                                                         Canada       United States            Europe          Risk Solutions         Total

              December 31, 2022
                  Assets
                      Invested assets                                                                                $     90,751     $      98,929        $     39,420        $      8,738      $    237,838
                      Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                        5,794             7,966               3,053                   –            16,813
                      Other assets                                                                                          4,721            37,584               8,994               7,608            58,907
                      Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                              93,816           166,274             127,807                   –           387,897
                    Total assets                                                                                         195,082            310,753             179,274              16,346           701,455
                         Other assets under management 2                                                                   4,057            277,138              50,539                   –           331,734
                    Total assets under management 1                                                                      199,139             587,891            229,813              16,346          1,033,189
                         Other assets under administration 2                                                              26,344           1,426,834             11,345                   –          1,464,523
                    Total assets under administration 1                                                              $ 225,483        $ 2,014,725          $ 241,158           $     16,346      $ 2,497,712
              December 31, 2021
                  Assets
                       Invested assets                                                                               $    92,400       $     55,376        $     48,669        $      9,359       $ 205,804
                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                      5,722              5,826               3,047                   –          14,595
                       Other assets                                                                                        4,323             30,090              10,220               8,037          52,670
                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                           101,537            116,919             138,963                   –         357,419
                    Total assets                                                                                         203,982            208,211             200,899              17,396           630,488
                          Other assets under management 2                                                                  5,742            310,933              60,480                   –           377,155




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                    Total assets under management 1                                                                      209,724             519,144            261,379              17,396          1,007,643
                          Other assets under administration 2,3                                                           29,615           1,241,974             12,360                   –          1,283,949

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
                    Total assets under administration 1,3                                                            $ 239,339        $ 1,761,118          $ 273,739           $     17,396      $ 2,291,592

              1   This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
              2   Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
              3   2021 comparative figures have been restated to include Financial Horizons Group and Excel Private Wealth Inc. assets under administration in the Canada segment.

              Total assets under administration (AUA) at December 31, 2022 increased by $206.1 billion to $2.5 trillion compared to December 31, 2021, due to
              the Prudential acquisition during the second quarter of 2022 as well as the impact of currency movement in the U.S. segment. These items were
              partially offset by the impacts of lower equity market levels, higher interest rates and the impact of currency movement in the Europe segment.
              The Prudential acquisition added $119 billion in total assets, $1 billion in other assets under management and $267 billion in other assets under
              administration to the U.S. segment as at December 31, 2022.
              For additional details on assets acquired through business acquisitions, refer to “Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions”, note 3 in the
              Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements.

              Invested Assets
              The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the Company’s insurance
              and investment products. The Company’s investment policies are designed to be prudent and conservative, so that assets are not unduly
              exposed to concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and
              reviews and adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of
              the general fund are in medium-term and long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics
              of the Company’s liabilities.




                                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report       33




                                                              P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     B 17




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 17                                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Invested asset distribution
                                                                                                                                                  Capital and
                                                                                                Canada     United States          Europe         Risk Solutions       Total

                               December 31, 2022
                                   Bonds
                                       Government & related                                 $    19,936    $     4,901        $    14,621        $       4,011    $    43,469                18%
                                       Corporate & other                                         30,848         67,668             13,852                3,750        116,118                49
                                         Sub-total bonds                                         50,784         72,569             28,473                7,761        159,587                67
                                    Mortgages                                                    17,106         15,955              6,105                  363         39,529                17
                                    Stocks                                                       12,400          1,378                490                    –         14,268                 6
                                    Investment properties                                         5,759             33              2,552                    –          8,344                 3
                                         Sub-total portfolio investments                         86,049         89,935             37,620                8,124        221,728                93
                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                     1,444          3,561              1,798                  487          7,290                 3
                                    Loans to policyholders                                        3,258          5,433                  2                  127          8,820                 4
                                    Total invested assets                                   $    90,751    $    98,929        $    39,420        $       8,738    $ 237,838                  100%
                               December 31, 2021
                                   Bonds
                                        Government & related                                $    21,863    $     4,313        $    19,411        $       5,289    $    50,876                25%
                                        Corporate & other                                        31,409         36,515             18,265                3,547         89,736                43
                                         Sub-total bonds                                         53,272         40,828             37,676                8,836        140,612                68
                                    Mortgages                                                    16,703          6,170              5,891                   88         28,852                14
                                    Stocks                                                       13,036            673                474                    –         14,183                 7
                                    Investment properties                                         4,913              8              2,842                    –          7,763                 4
                                         Sub-total portfolio investments                         87,924         47,679             46,883                8,924        191,410                93
                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                     1,392          2,581              1,784                  318          6,075                 3
                                    Loans to policyholders                                        3,084          5,116                  2                  117          8,319                 4




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Total invested assets                                   $    92,400    $    55,376        $    48,669        $       9,359    $ 205,804                  100%



 PART B
                               At December 31, 2022, total invested assets were $237.8 billion, an increase of $32.0 billion from December 31, 2021. The increase in invested
                               assets was primarily due to bonds and mortgages acquired through the Prudential acquisition, partially offset by a decline in the fair value of
                               bonds resulting from an increase in bond yields across all geographies. The distribution of assets has not changed significantly and remains
                               heavily weighted to bonds and mortgages.
                               Bond portfolio – It is the Company’s policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment policies.
                               Modest investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline and conservative approach to
                               the investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $159.6 billion or 67% of invested assets at December 31,
                               2022 compared to $140.6 billion or 68% at December 31, 2021. The increase in the bond portfolio was primarily due to bonds acquired through
                               the Prudential acquisition, partially offset by a decline in fair values resulting from an increase in bond yields across all geographies. The overall
                               quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 99% of the portfolio rated investment grade and 71% rated A or higher.
                               Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to December 31, 2022. Management continues to closely monitor bond rating agency
                               activity and general market conditions as economies emerge from the pandemic and are now being impacted by geopolitical tensions.

                               Bond portfolio quality
                                                                                                                                     December 31, 2022                   December 31, 2021

                               AAA                                                                                            $    25,399                 16%     $    20,254                14%
                               AA                                                                                                  32,244                 20           35,460                25
                               A                                                                                                   55,063                 35           48,764                35
                               BBB                                                                                                 45,080                 28           35,098                25
                               BB or lower                                                                                          1,801                  1            1,036                 1
                               Total                                                                                          $ 159,587                  100%     $ 140,612                  100%


                               At December 31, 2022, non-investment grade bonds were $1.8 billion or 1.1% of the bond portfolio compared to $1.0 billion or 0.7% of the bond
                               portfolio at December 31, 2021. The increase in non-investment grade bonds was primarily due to bonds acquired through the Prudential acquisition.




                               34      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 18                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 18                                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Mortgage portfolio – It is the Company’s practice to acquire high-quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and
              diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit monitoring processes
              for commercial loans. Residential loans are originated by the Company’s mortgage specialists in accordance with well-established underwriting
              standards and are well diversified across each geographic region, including specific diversification requirements for non-insured mortgages.
              Equity release mortgages are originated in the Europe segment following well-defined lending criteria and held in the Canada, Europe and
              Capital and Risk Solutions segments. Equity release mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue living in their homes while
              accessing some of the underlying equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the borrower dies or moves into long-term care.

              Mortgage portfolio
                                                                                                                           December 31, 2022                                              December 31, 2021
                                                                                                   Insured 1        Non-insured              Total                                     Total

              Mortgage loans by type
                  Single family residential                                                    $         418        $     1,438          $     1,856                   5%         $      1,979                     7%
                  Multi-family residential                                                             2,718              7,628               10,346                  26                 7,601                    26
                  Equity release                                                                           –              3,365                3,365                   9                 2,609                     9
                  Commercial                                                                               –             23,962               23,962                  60                16,663                    58
              Total                                                                            $       3,136        $    36,393          $    39,529                 100%         $     28,852                  100%

              1   Insured mortgages include mortgages where insurance is provided by a third party and protects the Company in the event that the borrower is unable to fulfill their mortgage obligations.

              The total mortgage portfolio was $39.5 billion or 17% of invested assets at December 31, 2022, compared to $28.9 billion or 14% of invested assets
              at December 31, 2021. The increase in the mortgage portfolio was primarily related to mortgages acquired through the Prudential acquisition.
              The Canada segment ceased residential mortgage origination in November 2022. Total insured loans were $3.1 billion or 8% of the mortgage
              portfolio. The equity release mortgages had a weighted average loan-to-value, calculated as the weighted average of the total outstanding loan
              balance divided by the appraised value of the properties, of 36% (31% at December 31, 2021).

              Commercial mortgages
                                                                                                                                                                                   Capital and




                                                                                                                                                                                                                           GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                        Canada                U.S.               Europe           Risk Solutions              Total

              December 31, 2022


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B
                  Retail & shopping centres                                                                         $      3,712         $      1,167        $         951        $             2      $        5,832
                  Industrial                                                                                               3,654                5,845                  704                     34              10,237
                  Office buildings                                                                                         1,695                2,846                1,150                     19               5,710
                  Other                                                                                                       65                1,420                  698                      –               2,183
                    Total                                                                                           $      9,126         $    11,278         $       3,503        $            55      $       23,962
              December 31, 2021
                  Retail & shopping centres                                                                         $      3,770         $        521        $         991        $             2      $        5,284
                  Industrial                                                                                               3,126                1,430                  617                     30               5,203
                  Office buildings                                                                                         2,088                1,282                1,209                     18               4,597
                  Other                                                                                                      380                  463                  736                      –               1,579
                    Total                                                                                           $      9,364         $      3,696        $       3,553        $            50      $       16,663


              Throughout 2022, commercial real estate office markets in Europe and North America showed signs of slowdown due to dampened demand
              from a continued lag faced by employers on return-to-office plans, leading to higher vacancy rates and deteriorating operating performance,
              driven as well by challenging economic and capital market conditions. This has resulted in certain valuation reductions for the underlying office
              properties in 2022 reflecting the current outlook. The Company is monitoring and will work proactively with borrowers to manage exposures. It
              is the Company’s practice to acquire high-quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and diversification criteria. The
              Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit monitoring processes for commercial loans.




                                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report            35




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                          B 19




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 19                                                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Equity portfolio – The total equity portfolio was $22.6 billion or 9% of invested assets at December 31, 2022 compared to $21.9 billion or 11% of
                               invested assets at December 31, 2021. The equity portfolio consists of publicly traded stocks, privately held stocks and investment properties.
                               The decrease in publicly traded stocks of $1.0 billion was primarily due to market value declines and the increase in privately held stocks of $1.1
                               billion was primarily due to purchases. The increase in investment properties of $0.6 billion was mainly the result of property acquisitions.

                               Equity portfolio
                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2022                       December 31, 2021

                               Equity portfolio by type
                                    Publicly traded stocks                                                                                          $    11,380                50 %       $    12,424                   57%
                                    Privately held stocks                                                                                                 2,888                13               1,759                    8
                                      Sub-total                                                                                                          14,268                63              14,183                   65
                                      Investment properties                                                                                               8,344                37               7,763                   35
                               Total                                                                                                                $    22,612               100%        $    21,946                  100%



                               Investment properties 1
                                                                                                  December 31, 2022                                                            December 31, 2021
                                                                          Canada                U.S.               Europe           Total               Canada              U.S.              Europe               Total

                               Industrial                             $      2,304         $            –      $       900     $       3,204        $      1,740       $            –     $        1,009      $        2,749
                               Office buildings                              1,260                     25              564             1,849               1,384                    –                626               2,010
                               Retail                                          218                      –              765               983                 227                    –                848               1,075
                               Other                                         1,977                      8              323             2,308               1,562                    8                359               1,929
                               Total                                  $      5,759         $           33      $      2,552    $       8,344        $      4,913       $            8     $        2,842      $        7,763

                               1    The Capital and Risk Solutions segment does not hold any investment properties.

                               Throughout 2022, commercial real estate office markets in Europe and North America showed signs of slowdown due to dampened demand




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               from a continued lag faced by employers on return-to-office plans, leading to higher vacancy rates and deteriorating operating performance,
                               driven as well by challenging economic and capital market conditions. This has resulted in certain valuation reductions in 2022 reflecting the
                               current outlook for office properties. As market conditions evolve, the Company may be required to apply further valuation reductions.

 PART B                        Impaired investments – Impaired investments include bonds in default, mortgages in default or in the process of foreclosure and other assets
                               where management no longer has reasonable assurance that all contractual cash flows will be received.

                               Impaired investments
                                                                                                  December 31, 2022                                                            December 31, 2021
                                                                           Gross           Impairment           Impairment         Carrying              Gross           Impairment        Impairment             Carrying
                                                                          amount            recovery             provision         amount               amount            recovery          provision             amount

                               Fair value through profit or loss $               16        $           –       $         (5)   $            11      $            18    $            1     $           (5)     $            14
                               Available-for-sale                                 –                    –                  –                  –                    6                 1                  –                    7
                               Loans and receivables                             56                    –                (16)                40                   99                 –                (28)                  71
                               Total                                  $          72        $           –       $        (21)   $            51      $        123       $            2     $          (33)     $            92


                               The gross amount of impaired investments totaled $72 million or 0.1% of invested assets at December 31, 2022 compared to $123 million or 0.1%
                               at December 31, 2021, a net decrease of $51 million. The decrease in impaired investments was primarily due to the disposal of an impaired
                               commercial mortgage in the Canada segment.
                               The impairment provision at December 31, 2022 was $21 million compared to $33 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily
                               due to the disposal of an impaired commercial mortgage in the Canada segment. These assets remain impaired based on impairment factors as
                               described in the “Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates” section of this document and in note 2 of the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual
                               consolidated financial statements.




                               36      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 20                                                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 20                                                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Provision for future credit losses
              As a component of insurance contract liabilities, the total actuarial provision for future credit losses is determined consistent with the Canadian
              Institute of Actuaries’ Standards of Practice and includes provisions for adverse deviation. The provisions reflect the current credit ratings
              and potential future rating migration. No provision is held for government or government related debt rated A+ or higher where the issuer is
              monetarily sovereign.
              At December 31, 2022, the total actuarial provision for future credit losses in insurance contract liabilities was $3,223 million compared to $3,271
              million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of $48 million, primarily due to interest rate movements and the impact of currency movements,
              partially offset by the acquisition of Prudential.
              The aggregate of impairment provisions of $21 million ($33 million at December 31, 2021) and actuarial provisions for future credit losses in
              insurance contract liabilities of $3,223 million ($3,271 million at December 31, 2021) represents 1.5% of bond and mortgage assets, including
              funds held by ceding insurers, at December 31, 2022 (1.8% at December 31, 2021).

              Derivative Financial Instruments
              There were no major changes to the Company’s policies and procedures with respect to the use of derivative financial instruments in 2022. The
              Company’s derivative transactions are generally governed by International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreements,
              which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out netting of exposure to specific counterparties in the event of an early termination
              of a transaction, which includes, but is not limited to, events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early termination, the Company is
              permitted to set off receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty, in the same legal entity, arising out of all included
              transactions. The Company’s ISDA Master Agreements may include Credit Support Annex provisions, which require both the pledging and
              accepting of collateral in connection with its derivative transactions.
              At December 31, 2022, total financial collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1,348
              million ($318 million at December 31, 2021) and pledged on derivative liabilities was $754 million ($480 million at December 31, 2021). The
              increase in collateral received on derivatives assets was primarily driven by the impact of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the British pound
              and euro on cross-currency swaps that pay British pounds and euros and receive U.S. dollars. The increase in collateral pledged on derivative
              liabilities was primarily driven by the impact of increases to market interest rates on interest rate swaps that receive fixed and pay floating rates.
              During the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022, the outstanding notional amount of derivative contracts increased by $10.0 billion to




                                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              $46.6 billion, primarily due to increases to cross-currency swaps related to the Prudential acquisition and regular hedging activities.
              The Company’s exposure to derivative counterparty credit risk, which reflects the current fair value of those instruments in a gain position,


                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B
              increased to $2,314 million at December 31, 2022 from $967 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the impact of
              the U.S. dollar strengthening against the British pound and euro on cross-currency swaps that pay British pounds and euros and receive U.S.
              dollars. There were no changes to derivative counterparty ratings during the fourth quarter of 2022 and all had investment grade ratings as
              of December 31, 2022. Refer to “Financial Instruments Risk Management”, note 8 in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated
              financial statements for details of the Company’s derivative counterparties’ ratings.

              Goodwill and intangible assets
                                                                                                                                                      December 31
                                                                                                                                               2022               2021

              Goodwill                                                                                                                     $    10,604        $        9,081
              Indefinite life intangible assets                                                                                                  2,882                 2,786
              Finite life intangible assets                                                                                                      3,327                 2,728
              Total                                                                                                                        $    16,813        $     14,595


              The Company’s goodwill and intangible assets relate primarily to business acquisitions made by the Company, including the recent acquisitions
              of Personal Capital, MassMutual and Prudential. Goodwill and intangible assets of $16.8 billion at December 31, 2022 increased by $2.2 billion
              from December 31, 2021. Goodwill increased by $1.5 billion, finite life intangible assets increased by $0.6 billion and indefinite life intangible
              assets increased by $0.1 billion, primarily due to the acquisition of Prudential and the impact of currency movement.
              In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company conducted its annual impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets based on September 30,
              2022 asset balances. It was determined that the recoverable amounts of cash generating unit (CGU) groupings for goodwill and CGUs for
              intangible assets were in excess of their carrying values and there was no evidence of impairment. Recoverable amount is based on fair value less
              cost of disposal.
              Refer to note 10 in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for further details of the Company’s goodwill
              and intangible assets. Also, refer to the “Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates” section of this document for details on impairment testing
              of these assets.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report      37




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                            B 21




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 21                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Other general fund assets
                                                                                                                                                                         December 31
                                                                                                                                                                  2022              2021

                               Reinsurance assets                                                                                                             $   25,018        $      21,138
                               Funds held by ceding insurers                                                                                                      15,186               17,194
                               Premiums in course of collection, accounts and interest receivable                                                                  6,980                6,366
                               Other assets                                                                                                                        6,798                4,522
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                    2,314                  967
                               Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                 1,152                1,057
                               Owner occupied properties                                                                                                             724                  736
                               Fixed assets                                                                                                                          399                  422
                               Current income taxes                                                                                                                  336                  268
                               Total                                                                                                                          $   58,907        $      52,670


                               Total other general fund assets at December 31, 2022 were $58.9 billion, an increase of $6.2 billion from December 31, 2021. The increase was
                               primarily due to an increase of $3.9 billion in reinsurance assets, an increase of $2.3 billion in other assets as well as an increase of $1.3 billion in
                               derivative financial instruments, partially offset by a decrease of $2.0 billion in funds held by ceding insurers. The increase in reinsurance assets
                               was driven by two separate agreements completed by Empower to cede, via indemnity reinsurance, insurance contract liabilities to a non-related
                               party, partially offset by fair value adjustments driven by an increase in bond yields.
                               Other assets comprise several items including prepaid expenses and accounts receivable. Refer to note 12 in the Company’s December 31, 2022
                               annual consolidated financial statements for a breakdown of other assets.

                               Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                         December 31
                                                                                                                                                                  2022              2021

                               Mutual funds                                                                                                                   $ 168,459         $ 133,916




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                  117,878           134,568
                               Bonds                                                                                                                             69,371            60,647
                               Investment properties                                                                                                             13,035            12,776

 PART B
                               Cash and other                                                                                                                    10,607            10,010
                               Mortgage loans                                                                                                                     2,159             2,377
                               Sub-total                                                                                                                      $ 381,509         $ 354,294
                               Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                              6,388             3,125
                               Total                                                                                                                          $ 387,897         $ 357,419


                               Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders, which are measured at fair value, increased by $30.5 billion to $387.9 billion at
                               December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of $77.7 billion related to business acquisitions,
                               driven by the acquisition of Prudential and the impact of currency movement of $9.5 billion. The increase was partially offset by the combined
                               impact of net investment income and market value losses of $53.7 billion, net withdrawals of $6.2 billion as well as non-controlling mutual funds
                               interest of $3.3 billion.




                               38      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 22                                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 22                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Other assets under management 1
                                                                                                                                                                                         December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                  2022              2021

              Mutual funds
                  Blend equity                                                                                                                                                $    18,864       $      22,334
                  Growth equity                                                                                                                                                    18,744              26,605
                  Equity value                                                                                                                                                     31,686              30,479
                  Fixed-income                                                                                                                                                     36,444              46,246
                  Exchange Traded Funds                                                                                                                                               230                  58
                  Money market                                                                                                                                                        232                 199
                  Empower Funds 2                                                                                                                                                  58,247              57,749
                           Sub-total                                                                                                                                          $ 164,447         $ 183,670
              Institutional assets
                   Equity                                                                                                                                                     $ 104,602         $ 126,064
                   Fixed-income                                                                                                                                                  59,843            60,681
                   Other                                                                                                                                                          2,842             6,740
                           Sub-total                                                                                                                                          $ 167,287         $ 193,485
              Total other assets under management                                                                                                                             $ 331,734         $ 377,155

              1   Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
              2   At December 31, 2022, Empower funds exclude $26.4 billion of Putnam managed funds ($24.9 billion at December 31, 2021), which are included in the categories above.

              Total other assets under management decreased by $45.4 billion, primarily due to market movement and net cash outflows, partially offset
              by the impact of currency movement. Empower includes proprietary mutual funds of $1 billion acquired in the Prudential acquisition as at
              December 31, 2022.

              Liabilities




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                         December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                  2022              2021



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
              Insurance and investment contract liabilities                                                                                                                   $ 247,698         $ 220,833
              Other general fund liabilities                                                                                                                                     33,542            21,753
              Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                                    387,897           357,419
              Total                                                                                                                                                           $ 669,137         $ 600,005


              Total liabilities increased by $69.1 billion to $669.1 billion at December 31, 2022 from December 31, 2021.
              Insurance and investment contract liabilities increased by $26.9 billion. The increase was primarily due to $44.2 billion acquired through the
              Prudential acquisition, the impacts of new business, and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, partially offset by fair value adjustments.
              Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $30.5 billion, primarily due to an increase of $77.7
              billion related to the acquisition of Prudential, the impact of currency movement of $9.5 billion and non-controlling mutual funds interest of
              $3.3 billion. The increase was partially offset by the combined impact of net investment income and market value losses of $53.7 billion and net
              withdrawals of $6.2 billion.
              Other general fund liabilities increased by $11.8 billion, primarily due to an increase of $6.7 billion in funds held under reinsurance contracts
              driven by two separate agreements completed by Empower to cede, via indemnity reinsurance, insurance contract liabilities to a non-related
              party. In addition, other liabilities increased by $2.7 billion and debentures and other debt instruments increased $1.7 billion.
              Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and investment income,
              will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance and investment contract liabilities are
              determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer to
              the “Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates” section of this document for further details.




                                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report      39




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B 23




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 23                                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                      Non-Participating
                                                                                                                  Participating                                                                        Capital and
                                                                                                                    Account                Canada           United States            Europe           Risk Solutions            Total

                               December 31, 2022
                                   Bonds                                                                          $     25,462         $     21,731         $     58,238         $     24,270         $      5,374         $ 135,075
                                   Mortgage loans                                                                       12,313                4,287               12,616                6,105                  224            35,545
                                   Stocks                                                                                8,226                2,764                  817                  388                    –            12,195
                                   Investment properties                                                                 4,527                  715                    –                2,345                    –             7,587
                                   Other assets 1                                                                       10,881                2,559               33,329                4,307                6,220            57,296
                                      Total                                                                       $     61,409         $     32,056         $ 105,000            $     37,415         $     11,818         $ 247,698
                                      Total insurance and investment contract liabilities                         $     61,409         $     32,056         $ 105,000            $     37,415         $     11,818         $ 247,698
                               December 31, 2021
                                   Bonds                                                                          $     26,978         $     23,620         $     32,302         $     33,208         $      6,394         $ 122,502
                                   Mortgage loans                                                                       11,781                4,661                4,641                5,891                   80            27,054
                                   Stocks                                                                                8,665                3,116                  211                  391                    –            12,383
                                   Investment properties                                                                 4,021                  579                    –                2,743                    –             7,343
                                   Other assets 1                                                                       10,325                2,804               26,784                4,982                6,656            51,551
                                      Total                                                                       $     61,770         $     34,780         $     63,938         $     47,215         $     13,130         $ 220,833
                                      Total insurance and investment contract liabilities                         $     61,770         $     34,780         $     63,938         $     47,215         $     13,130         $ 220,833

                               1    Other assets include reinsurance assets, premiums in the course of collection, interest due and accrued, other investment receivables, deferred acquisition costs, accounts receivable, current income
                                    taxes and prepaid expenses.

                               Asset and liability cash flows are matched within established limits to minimize the financial effects of a shift in interest rates and mitigate the
                               changes in the Company’s financial position due to interest rate volatility.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Other General Fund Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  December 31


 PART B
                                                                                                                                                                                                           2022                 2021

                               Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                                                  $     10,509         $       8,804
                               Other liabilities                                                                                                                                                             8,794                 6,063
                               Funds held under reinsurance contracts                                                                                                                                        8,247                 1,542
                               Accounts payable                                                                                                                                                              3,194                 3,032
                               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                      1,009                 1,089
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                                              1,639                 1,030
                               Current income taxes                                                                                                                                                            150                   193
                               Total                                                                                                                                                                  $     33,542         $     21,753

                               Total other general fund liabilities at December 31, 2022 were $33.5 billion, an increase of $11.8 billion from December 31, 2021. The increase
                               was primarily due to an increase of $6.7 billion in funds held under reinsurance contracts driven by two separate agreements completed by
                               Empower to cede, via indemnity reinsurance, insurance contract liabilities to a non-related party. In addition, other liabilities increased by
                               $2.7 billion and debentures and other debt instruments increased by $1.7 billion. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $0.1 billion
                               in deferred tax liabilities.
                               Other liabilities of $8.8 billion include pension and other post-employment benefits, lease liabilities, deferred income reserve, bank overdraft
                               and other liability balances. Refer to note 17 in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for a breakdown
                               of the other liabilities balance and note 15 in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for details of the
                               debentures and other debt instruments.




                               40      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 24                                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 24                                                                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Segregated Fund and Variable Annuity Guarantees
              The Company offers retail segregated fund products, unitized with profits (UWP) products and variable annuity products that provide for certain
              guarantees that are tied to the market values of the investment funds.
              In Canada, the Company offers individual segregated fund products through Canada Life. These products provide guaranteed minimum death
              benefits (GMDB) and guaranteed minimum accumulation on maturity benefits (GMAB).
              In the U.S., the Company has a mix of open and closed blocks of group variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
              (GMWB) and a closed block of group standalone GMDB products which mainly provide return of premium on death. A block of GMWB policies
              was acquired from Prudential on April 1, 2022.
              In Europe, the Company offers UWP products, which are similar to segregated fund products but include minimum credited interest rates and
              pooling of policyholders’ funds, as well as a GMWB product in Germany.
              The GMWB products offered by the Company in the U.S. and Germany, and previously offered in Canada and Ireland, provide the policyholder
              with a guaranteed minimum level of annual income for life. The minimum level of income may increase depending upon the level of growth in
              the market value of the policyholder’s funds. Where the market value of the policyholder’s funds is ultimately insufficient to meet the level of
              guarantee purchased by the policyholder, the Company is obligated to make up the shortfall.
              Capital and Risk Solutions has a closed portfolio of GMAB and guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB) that it has reinsured from other
              U.S. and Canadian life insurance and reinsurance companies.
              These products involve cash flows of which the magnitude and timing are uncertain and are dependent on the level of equity and fixed-income
              market returns, interest rates, currency markets, market volatility, policyholder behaviour and policyholder longevity.
              The Company has a hedging program in place to manage a portion of the market and interest rate risk associated with options embedded in its
              GMWB products. The program methodology quantifies both the embedded option value and its sensitivity to movements in equity markets,
              currency markets and interest rates. Equity derivative instruments, currency derivative instruments and interest rate derivative instruments
              are used to mitigate changes in the embedded option value attributable to movements in equity markets, currency markets and interest rates
              respectively. The hedging program, by its nature, requires continuous monitoring and rebalancing to avoid over or under hedged positions.
              Periods of heightened market volatility will increase the frequency of hedge rebalancing.
              By their nature, certain risks associated with the GMWB product either cannot be hedged or cannot be hedged on a cost-effective basis. These




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              risks include policyholder behaviour, policyholder longevity, basis risk and market volatility. Consequently, the hedging program will not
              mitigate all risks to the Company associated with the GMWB products and may expose the Company to additional risks including the operational
              risk associated with the reliance upon sophisticated models, and counterparty credit risk associated with the use of derivative instruments.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
              Other risk management processes are in place aimed at appropriately limiting the Company’s exposure to the risks it is not hedging or are otherwise
              inherent in its GMWB hedging program. In particular, the GMWB product has been designed with specific regard to limiting policyholder anti-
              selection, and the array of investment funds available to policyholders has been determined with a view to minimizing underlying basis risk.
              Certain GMWB products offered by the Company offer levels of death and maturity guarantees. At December 31, 2022, the amount of GMWB
              product in-force in Canada, the U.S., Ireland and Germany was $7,033 million ($3,316 million at December 31, 2021). The increase in in-force
              amount was primarily a result of the Prudential acquisition in the U.S. segment.

              Segregated fund and variable annuity guarantee exposure

                                                                                                                                                          Investment deficiency by benefit type
              December 31, 2022                                                                                    Market Value             Income               Maturity             Death                Total 1

              Canada                                                                                                $    32,799         $           –        $          27        $        402         $        402
              United States                                                                                              23,465                   758                    –                  12                  770
              Europe                                                                                                     10,609                    32                    –               1,352                1,352
              Capital and Risk Solutions 2                                                                                  656                   169                    –                   –                  169
              Total                                                                                                 $    67,529         $         959        $          27        $      1,766         $      2,693

              1   A policy can only receive a payout from one of the three trigger events (income election, maturity or death). Total deficiency measures the point-in-time exposure assuming the most costly trigger
                  event for each policy occurred on December 31, 2022.
              2   Capital and Risk Solutions exposure is to markets in Canada and the U.S.

              Investment deficiency at December 31, 2022 increased by $1,731 million to $2,693 million compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to a
              decrease in market values and the Prudential acquisition in the U.S. segment. The investment deficiency measures the point-in-time exposure
              to a trigger event (i.e., income election, maturity or death) assuming it occurred on December 31, 2022 and does not include the impact of the
              Company’s hedging program for GMWB products. The actual cost to the Company will depend on the trigger event having occurred and the
              market values at that time. The actual claims before tax associated with these guarantees were $4 million in-quarter ($3 million for the fourth
              quarter of 2021) and $13 million year-to-date ($10 million year-to-date for 2021), with the majority arising in the Capital and Risk Solutions
              segment related to a legacy block of business. The market value decreased by $3,353 million to $67,529 million compared to December 31, 2021,
              primarily due to the year-to-date decrease in equity markets.




                                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report           41




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                         B 25




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 25                                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Lifeco Capital Structure
                               In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, management utilizes a
                               variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital needs of the Company.

                               Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
                               At December 31, 2022, debentures and other debt instruments increased by $1,705 million to $10,509 million compared to December 31, 2021.
                               On March 30, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, established a 2-year US$500 million non-revolving credit facility
                               with interest on the drawn balance equal to a float rate based on the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The facility is fully
                               and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The $645 million (US$500 million) facility was fully drawn, along with $416 million (US$323
                               million) from an existing revolving credit facility to finance a portion of the Prudential retirement service business acquisition on the acquisition
                               date.
                               On July 1, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC made an initial payment of US$150 million on its existing revolving credit facility, followed by a final
                               payment of US$173 million on December 30, 2022. As at December 31, 2022, the $675 million (US$500 million) facility remained fully drawn and
                               the existing revolving credit facility balance was nil.
                               On November 16, 2022, the Company issued €500 million aggregate principal amount 4.70% senior bonds at par, maturing on November 16,
                               2029. The bonds are admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and are listed for trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.
                               Refer to note 15 in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for further details of the Company’s debentures
                               and other debt instruments.

                               Capital Trust Securities
                               At December 31, 2022, the Company had $150 million principal outstanding of Canada Life Capital Trust Securities – Series B (CLiCS – Series B).
                               Included in the Company’s invested assets at December 31, 2022 were CLiCS – Series B with a fair value of $44 million and principal value of $37
                               million (fair value of $53 million at December 31, 2021).
                               Each holder of the CLiCS – Series B is entitled to receive a semi-annual non-cumulative fixed cash distribution of $37.645 per CLiCS – Series B,
                               representing an annual yield of 7.529% payable out of Canada Life Capital Trust’s (CLCT) distributable funds. Subject to regulatory approval,




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               CLCT may redeem the CLiCS – Series B, in whole or in part, at any time and the CLiCS – Series B are callable at par on June 30, 2032.

                               Equity

 PART B
                               Share capital outstanding at December 31, 2022 was $10,011 million, which comprises $5,791 million of common shares and $2,720 million of
                               preferred shares and $1,500 million LRCN Series 1 discussed below. Preferred shares included $2,470 million of non-cumulative First Preferred
                               Shares and $250 million of 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares.

                               Common shares
                               At December 31, 2022, the Company had 931,853,110 common shares outstanding with a stated value of $5,791 million compared to 930,620,338
                               common shares with a stated value of $5,748 million at December 31, 2021.
                               The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 27, 2022 for one year to purchase and cancel up to 20,000,000 of its
                               common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the Company’s Stock Option Plan and for
                               other capital management purposes. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not purchase any common shares
                               under the current NCIB (nil for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, under the previous NCIB).
                               Subsequent to December 31, 2022, in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the Company’s Stock Option Plan and
                               for other capital management purposes, the Company announced a new NCIB commencing January 27, 2023 and terminating January 26, 2024
                               to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices.

                               Preferred shares
                               At December 31, 2022, the Company had 11 series of fixed rate First Preferred Shares and one series of 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares
                               outstanding with aggregate stated values of $2,470 million and $250 million, respectively.




                               42   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 26                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 26                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are set out in the table below:
                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                                   Series G               Series H        Series I            Series L             Series M              Series N

              General Type                                        Fixed Rate            Fixed Rate          Fixed Rate       Fixed Rate           Fixed Rate         5-Year Rate Reset
              Cumulative/Non-Cumulative                         Non-cumulative        Non-cumulative      Non-cumulative   Non-cumulative       Non-cumulative        Non-cumulative
              Date Issued                                        Sep 14, 2004          Aug 12, 2005        Apr 12, 2006      Oct 2, 2009          Mar 4, 2010          Nov 23, 2010
              Shares Outstanding                                  12,000,000            12,000,000          12,000,000       6,800,000             6,000,000            10,000,000
              Amount Outstanding (Par)                           $300,000,000          $300,000,000        $300,000,000     $170,000,000         $150,000,000          $250,000,000
              Yield                                                 5.20%                 4.85%               4.50%            5.65%                 5.80%               1.749%
              Earliest Issuer Redemption Date                    Dec 31, 2009          Sep 30, 2010        Jun 30, 2011     Dec 31, 2014         Mar 31, 2015          Dec 31, 2020


                                                                   Series P               Series Q        Series R            Series S             Series T              Series Y

              General Type                                        Fixed Rate            Fixed Rate       Fixed Rate          Fixed Rate           Fixed Rate            Fixed Rate
              Cumulative/Non-Cumulative                         Non-cumulative        Non-cumulative   Non-cumulative      Non-cumulative       Non-cumulative        Non-cumulative
              Date Issued                                        Feb 22, 2012           Jul 6, 2012     Oct 11, 2012        May 22, 2014         May 18, 2017           Oct 8, 2021
              Shares Outstanding                                  10,000,000             8,000,000        8,000,000           8,000,000            8,000,000             8,000,000
              Amount Outstanding (Par)                           $250,000,000          $200,000,000     $200,000,000        $200,000,000         $200,000,000          $200,000,000
              Yield                                                 5.40%                  5.15%            4.80%               5.25%                5.15%                 4.50%
              Earliest Issuer Redemption Date                   March 31, 2017         Sep 30, 2017     Dec 31, 2017        Jun 30, 2019         Jun 30, 2022          Dec 31, 2026


              The terms and conditions of the First Preferred Shares do not allow the holder to convert to common shares of the Company or to otherwise
              cause the Company to redeem the shares. Preferred shares issued by the Company are commonly referred to as perpetual and represent a form
              of financing that does not have a fixed term.

              Non-controlling Interests
              The Company’s non-controlling interests include participating account surplus in subsidiaries and non-controlling interests in subsidiaries.
              Refer to note 18 in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for further details of the Company’s non-
              controlling interests.
                                                                                                                                                                     December 31
                                                                                                                                                              2022                  2021




                                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Participating account surplus in subsidiaries:
                 Canada Life                                                                                                                             $       3,147       $        3,126


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
                 Empower                                                                                                                                             9                   12
                                                                                                                                                         $       3,156       $        3,138


              Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                  $        152        $           129

              At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of non-controlling interests increased by $41 million to $3,308 million compared to December 31, 2021.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net earnings attributable to the participating account before policyholder dividends were
              $1,809 million and policyholder dividends were $1,627 million.




                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         43




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           B 27




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 27                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Liquidity and Capital Management and Adequacy

                               Liquidity

                               Total Liquid Assets
                                                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                           On-balance         Non-liquid/           Net
                                                                                                                                                                           sheet assets        Pledged         liquid assets

                               Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
                                   Cash and cash equivalents 1                                                                                                             $      7,290      $            83   $     7,207
                                   Short-term bonds 2                                                                                                                             4,241                   30         4,211
                                       Sub-total                                                                                                                           $    11,531       $          113    $    11,418

                               Other assets and marketable securities
                                   Government bonds 2                                                                                                                      $    40,784       $       11,239    $    29,545
                                   Corporate bonds 2                                                                                                                           114,562               55,833         58,729
                                   Stocks 1                                                                                                                                     14,268                2,888         11,380
                                   Mortgage loans 1                                                                                                                             39,529               36,393          3,136
                                       Sub-total                                                                                                                           $ 209,143         $ 106,353         $ 102,790
                               Total                                                                                                                                       $ 220,674         $ 106,466         $ 114,208


                                                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                                                                            On-balance           Non-liquid/        Net
                                                                                                                                                                            sheet assets          Pledged      liquid assets

                               Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
                                    Cash and cash equivalents 1                                                                                                            $      6,075      $           32    $     6,043




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Short-term bonds 2                                                                                                                            5,671               1,923          3,748
                                       Sub-total                                                                                                                           $    11,746       $        1,955    $     9,791

 PART B
                               Other assets and marketable securities
                                   Government bonds 2                                                                                                                      $    47,126       $       11,795    $    35,331
                                   Corporate bonds 2                                                                                                                            87,815               37,324         50,491
                                   Stocks 1                                                                                                                                     14,183                1,759         12,424
                                   Mortgage loans 1                                                                                                                             28,852               25,446          3,406
                                       Sub-total                                                                                                                           $ 177,976         $       76,324    $ 101,652
                               Total                                                                                                                                       $ 189,722         $       78,279    $ 111,443

                               1    Refer to the consolidated balance sheet in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for on-balance sheet amounts.
                               2    Refer to note 8(ii) in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for on-balance sheet amounts.

                               The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and maintaining levels
                               of liquid investments adequate to meet anticipated liquidity needs. The Company holds cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds at the
                               Lifeco holding company level and with the Lifeco consolidated subsidiary companies. At December 31, 2022, the Company and its operating
                               subsidiaries held liquid cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds of $11.4 billion ($9.8 billion at December 31, 2021) and other liquid assets
                               and marketable securities of $102.8 billion ($101.7 billion at December 31, 2021). Included in the cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
                               at December 31, 2022 was $1.0 billion ($0.6 billion at December 31, 2021) held at the Lifeco holding company level which includes cash at
                               Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, the Company’s U.S. holding company. In addition, the Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian
                               chartered banks for potential unanticipated liquidity needs, if required.
                               The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout ratio range of 45%
                               to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares of the Company are declared and
                               paid at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. The decision to declare a dividend on the common shares of the Company
                               takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.
                               As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the Company receiving
                               dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation in a number of jurisdictions, each of
                               which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in connection with the different businesses carried on
                               by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators in any jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact
                               the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Company.




                               44      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 28                                                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 28                                                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Cash Flows
                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended              For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                                    December 31                              December 31
                                                                                                                                              2022                 2021                2022               2021

              Cash flows relating to the following activities:
              Operations                                                                                                                 $       1,495       $       1,829       $       7,047       $     10,373
              Financing                                                                                                                             35                (425)               (620)              (992)
              Investment                                                                                                                        (2,889)             (2,201)             (5,493)           (11,212)
                                                                                                                                                (1,359)               (797)                934             (1,831)
              Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                     13                 (18)                281                (40)
              Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period                                                                    (1,346)               (815)              1,215             (1,871)
              Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                     8,636               6,890               6,075              7,946
              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                   $       7,290       $       6,075       $       7,290       $       6,075


              The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including premium income,
              net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder dividends and claims, as well as
              operating expenses and commissions. Cash flows generated by operations are mainly invested to support future liability cash requirements. Cash
              flows related to financing activities include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated dividends and interest payments.
              In the fourth quarter of 2022, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $1.3 billion from September 30, 2022. Cash flows provided by operations
              during the fourth quarter of 2022 were $1.5 billion, a decrease of $0.3 billion compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. Cash flows provided by
              financing were nil as the issuance of the euro-denominated debt of $0.7 billion was offset by the payment of dividends to common and preferred
              shareholders of $0.5 billion as well as a net decrease in the line of credit of a subsidiary of $0.2 billion. For the three months ended December 31,
              2022, cash flows were used by the Company to acquire an additional $2.9 billion of investment assets.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents increased by $1.2 billion from December 31, 2021. Cash flows
              provided by operations were $7.0 billion, a decrease of $3.3 billion compared to the same period in 2021. Cash flows used in financing of $0.6




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              billion were primarily used for the payment of dividends to common and preferred shareholders of $2.0 billion, partially offset by the issue of
              euro-denominated debt discussed for the in-quarter period and a net increase in the line of credit of a subsidiary of $0.6 billion. For the twelve
              months ended December 31, 2022, cash flows were used by the Company to acquire an additional $5.5 billion of investment assets.

              Commitments/Contractual Obligations                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B
                                                                                                                                    Payments due by period
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Over
              At December 31, 2022                                          Total                1 year              2 years                 3 years             4 years              5 years            5 years

              1) Debentures and other debt instruments                  $      9,544         $        725        $          –            $         675       $         725       $         540       $       6,879
              2) Lease obligations                                               634                   79                  72                       62                  56                  55                 310
              3) Purchase obligations                                            537                  184                 108                       79                  55                  47                  64
              4) Credit-related arrangements
                 (a) Contractual commitments                                  5,336                 5,245                      84                      –                   –                    –                  7
                 (b) Letters of credit                                  see note 4(b) below
              5) Pension contributions                                          315                   315                      –                       –                   –                    –                  –
              Total contractual obligations                             $     16,366         $      6,548        $        264            $         816       $         836       $         642       $       7,260

              1) Refer to note 15 in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements. Excluded from debentures and other debt instruments are unamortized transaction costs.
              2) For a further description of the Company’s lease obligations, refer to note 17 in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements.
              3) Purchase obligations are commitments to acquire goods and services, essentially related to information services.
              4) (a) Contractual commitments are essentially commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations in accordance with policies and guidelines that are to be
                     disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions.
                 (b) Letters of credit (LC) are written commitments provided by a bank. The total amount of LC facilities is US$1,913 million of which US$1,497 million were issued as of December 31, 2022.
                    The Reinsurance business unit periodically uses LC as collateral under certain reinsurance contracts for on-balance sheet policy liabilities. The Company may be required to seek collateral
                    alternatives if it is unable to renew existing LCs on maturity.
                    A total of US$1,116 million has been issued to subsidiaries or branches of Canada Life and the additional US$70 million has been issued to Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company of
                    South Carolina.
                    The remaining US$311 million has been issued to external parties. Clients residing in the United States are required pursuant to their insurance laws to obtain LCs issued on the Company’s
                    behalf from approved banks in order to further secure the Company’s obligations under certain reinsurance contracts.
              5) Pension contributions include funding estimates for defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution pension plans and other post-employment plans. These contributions are subject to
                 change, as contribution decisions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements and management’s ability to change funding policy. Funding estimates
                 beyond 2023 are excluded due to the significant variability in the assumptions required to project the timing of future contributions.




                                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         45




                                                           P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                            B 29




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 29                                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Capital Management and Adequacy
                               The Board of Directors reviews and approves an annual capital plan as well as capital transactions undertaken by management pursuant to
                               the plan. The capital plan is designed to ensure that the Company maintains adequate capital, taking into account the Company’s strategy, risk
                               profile and business plans. The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.
                               Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan. In addition to
                               undertaking capital transactions, the Company uses and provides traditional and structured reinsurance to support capital and risk management.
                               At the holding company level, the Company monitors the amount of consolidated capital available and the amounts deployed in its various
                               operating subsidiaries. The amount of capital deployed in any particular company or country is dependent upon local regulatory requirements
                               as well as the Company’s internal assessment of capital requirements in the context of its operational risks and requirements and strategic plans.
                               The Company’s practice is to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                               regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate. The capitalization decisions of the Company and its operating
                               subsidiaries also give consideration to the impact such actions may have on the opinions expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide
                               financial strength and other ratings to the Company.
                               In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance
                               Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The LICAT Ratio is calculated in
                               accordance with the OSFI Guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test.
                               The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is calibrated so that a life
                               insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The LICAT guideline uses a risk-based approach
                               for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate the amount of a life insurer’s capital requirements.
                               OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. The Internal Target LICAT Ratio
                               for Canada Life is now being expressed as a specific percentage rather than a range. The updated Internal Target is 115% which is the midpoint
                               of the prior target range (110-120%).
                               Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT Ratio at December 31, 2022 was 120% (124% at December 31, 2021). The LICAT Ratio does not take into
                               account any impact from $1.0 billion of liquidity at the Lifeco holding company level at December 31, 2022 ($0.6 billion at December 31, 2021).
                               The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               LICAT Ratio
                                                                                                                                                                      December 31


 PART B
                                                                                                                                                               2022              2021

                               Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                              $   13,201        $      12,584
                               Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                   4,644                4,417
                               Total Available Capital                                                                                                         17,845               17,001
                               Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                           10,531               13,225
                               Total Capital Resources                                                                                                     $   28,376        $      30,226
                               Required Capital                                                                                                            $   23,582        $      24,323
                               Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%) 1                                                                                   120%                124%

                               1    Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)


                               The LICAT Ratio decreased four points in the year. This was caused by materially increased interest rates during the year which caused the
                               Surplus Allowance element of LICAT Total Capital Resources to decrease. The contribution of earnings less dividends and decreased capital
                               requirements from the ongoing phasing in of the LICAT interest rate scenario shift in North America offset part of the ratio decrease.
                               The LICAT Ratio increased by two points in the quarter from 118% at September 30, 2022 to 120% at December 31, 2022. The main drivers of the
                               increase were the impact of earnings less dividends and decreased capital requirements from the ongoing phasing in of the LICAT interest rate
                               scenario shift in North America. Currency movements in quarter also had a positive impact on the ratio. The increase was partially offset by both
                               capital requirement increases from business activity and the impact of interest rate movements on capital requirements and capital resources.
                               Empower, Lifeco’s regulated U.S. operating company, has established an internal target Risk-Based Capital (RBC) ratio of 400-425% of the
                               Company Action Level set by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, based upon an assessment of the risks within its businesses
                               as well as business needs to support future growth. Accordingly, Empower’s target RBC ratio may change as future risks and business needs
                               change. Empower reports its RBC ratio annually to U.S. Insurance Regulators. The RBC ratio is included for information only and is not intended
                               as a means to rank insurers generally or for any other purposes. At December 31, 2022, Empower’s RBC ratio is estimated to be in excess of 400%.




                               46      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 30                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 30                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              LICAT Interest Rate Scenario Shift
              The LICAT interest rate risk capital requirements are based on the results of the most adverse of four scenarios. The determination of the most
              adverse scenario is dependent on government treasury rates and credit spreads, as well as the position of the Company’s assets and liabilities. A
              shift in the interest rate scenario applied in the LICAT calculation can result in a discontinuity where capital requirements can change materially.
              OSFI prescribes a calculation to smooth potential volatility in the interest rate risk capital requirement for participating insurance products.
              The smoothing calculation averages the participating interest rate risk capital requirements over the trailing six quarters, thereby reducing
              unwarranted volatility.
              The Company last experienced a shift in the interest rate scenario in North America during the fourth quarter of 2021. As a result of the scenario
              change, a smoothing of the impact of reduced requirements for participating interest rate risk will conclude next quarter. Assuming the Company
              remains on the current scenario, the smoothing calculation is expected to increase the Canada Life LICAT Ratio by approximately one point next
              quarter, when the scenario shift is fully incorporated into results.

              LICAT Sensitivities

              Caution Related to Sensitivities
              This section includes estimates of Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio sensitivities for certain risks. Actual results can differ significantly from
              these estimates for a variety of reasons including:
              • Assessment of the circumstances that led to the scenario may lead to changes in (re)investment approaches and interest rate scenarios considered;
              • Changes in actuarial, investment return and future investment activity assumptions;
              • Actual experience differing from the assumptions;
              • Changes in business mix, effective income tax rates and other market factors;
              • Interactions among these factors and assumptions when more than one changes; and
              • The general limitations of the Company’s internal models.
              For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given
              the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              be as indicated.
              LICAT sensitivities are rounded to the nearest full point, are prepared on an IFRS 4 basis and may change under IFRS 17 and the LICAT 2023 OSFI


                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
              Guideline which comes into effect during the first quarter of 2023.

              Publicly Traded Common Stocks
              The following table sets out the estimated immediate impact to Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT Ratio of certain instantaneous changes in
              publicly traded common stock values as at December 31, 2022. These sensitivity estimates assume instantaneous shocks, followed by a return to
              historical average growth levels for broader equity markets. The sensitivity estimates relate to publicly traded common stocks and do not cover
              other non-fixed income assets. These estimates are illustrative as actual equity exposures may vary due to active management of the public
              stock portfolios.

              Immediate change in publicly traded common stock values
                                                                                                                               December 31, 2022
                                                                                                             20%             10%               10%                20%
                                                                                                           increase        increase          decrease           decrease

              Potential increase (decrease) on LICAT Ratio                                                 0 point         0 point          (1 point)         (3 points)




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    47




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         B 31




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 31                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Interest Rates
                               Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT Ratio will generally reduce in an environment of rising interest rates and benefit from declining rates. Higher
                               interest rates will decrease the fair value of the Company’s surplus assets and other regulatory capital resources including actuarial margins
                               within the Surplus Allowance. However, LICAT uses static interest rates for the calculation of insurance risk capital requirements, and hence
                               these capital requirements do not change with interest rate movements. This means that while rising interest rates are generally favourable for
                               the Company, they will lead to a decrease in the calculated LICAT ratio.
                               The sensitivity estimates shown here are illustrative. The impacts shown are based on a parallel shift in the interest rate yield curve. Actual
                               movement in credit spreads or government treasury rates may produce different movements in Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT Ratio.
                               Sensitivity to interest rates is dependent on many factors and may result in non-linear impacts to the LICAT Ratio. These sensitivities do not
                               include a change in the ultimate interest rates outlined in Actuarial Standards or the impact of a LICAT interest rate risk scenario shift.

                               Immediate parallel shift in yield curve
                                                                                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                               50 bps           50 bps
                                                                                                                                                                                              increase         decrease

                               Potential increase (decrease) on LICAT Ratio                                                                                                                   (2 points)      2 points



                               OSFI Regulatory Capital Initiatives
                               The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) has issued IFRS 17, which replaced IFRS 4 effective January 1, 2023. Refer to the
                               “Developments - Update on Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9” and “Accounting Policies - International Financial Reporting Standards” sections
                               of this document for further details.
                               OSFI has released the 2023 LICAT Guideline, as amended for reporting under IFRS 17. The Company will first report under this guideline for the
                               March 31, 2023 reporting period. Under current market and economic conditions, the Company expects a positive impact of approximately 10
                               points to the ratio.
                               OSFI is developing a new approach, to be implemented in 2025, to determine capital requirements for Segregated Fund Guarantee Risk. The




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Company will continue to participate in future public consultations relating to these developments.



 PART B
                               Return On Equity (ROE) 1
                                                                                                                                                                                   Dec. 31       Sept. 30         Dec. 31
                               Base Return on Equity 2                                                                                                                               2022         2022             2021

                               Canada                                                                                                                                               15.0%         15.4%           17.2%
                               U.S. Financial Services                                                                                                                              10.9%         10.3%           12.2%
                               U.S. Asset Management (Putnam)                                                                                                                        (2.9)%        0.8%            5.3%
                               Europe                                                                                                                                               16.7%         16.0%           14.6%
                               Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                           25.0%         25.3%           33.7%

                               Total Lifeco Base Earnings Basis 2                                                                                                                   13.6%         13.5%           14.6%

                                                                                                                                                                                   Dec. 31       Sept. 30         Dec. 31
                               Return on Equity 1                                                                                                                                    2022         2022             2021

                               Canada                                                                                                                                               14.6%         13.7%           16.7%
                               U.S. Financial Services                                                                                                                                7.9%         6.4%            8.7%
                               U.S. Asset Management (Putnam)                                                                                                                        (2.9)%        0.8%            5.0%
                               Europe                                                                                                                                               18.5%         17.3%           17.2%
                               Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                           31.2%         30.1%           32.8%

                               Total Lifeco Net Earnings Basis 1                                                                                                                    13.6%         12.7%           14.0%

                               1    Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                               2    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.




                               48      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 32                                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 32                                                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              The Company reported base return on equity of 13.6% at December 31, 2022, compared to 13.5% at September 30, 2022 and 14.6% at
              December 31, 2021. The Company reported return on equity of 13.6% at December 31, 2022, compared to 12.7% at September 30, 2022 and 14.0%
              at December 31, 2021.
              The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates financing costs in proportion to allocated capital. For the Canada, Europe
              and Capital and Risk Solutions segments (essentially Canada Life), this allocation method generally tracks the regulatory capital requirements,
              while for U.S. Financial Services and U.S. Asset Management (Putnam), it tracks the financial statement carrying value of the business units. Total
              leverage capital is consistently allocated across all business units in proportion to total capital resulting in a debt-to-equity ratio in each business
              unit consistent with the consolidated Company.


              Ratings
              Lifeco maintains ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings 1 are intended to provide investors with an independent
              measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of
              a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of each obligation.
              In 2022, the existing credit ratings for Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged 1. The Company continued to receive strong
              ratings relative to its North American peer group resulting from its conservative risk profile, stable net earnings and strong capitalization.
              Lifeco’s operating companies are assigned a group rating from each rating agency. This group rating is predominantly supported by the Company’s
              leading position in the Canadian insurance market and competitive positions in the U.S. and European markets. Each of Lifeco’s operating
              companies benefit from the strong implicit financial support and collective ownership by Lifeco. There were no changes to the Company’s group
              credit ratings in 2022.
              Rating agency                                 Measurement                                                      Lifeco                  Canada Life                  Irish Life                 Empower

              A.M. Best Company                             Financial Strength                                                                            A+                                                    A+
              DBRS Morningstar                              Issuer Rating                                                  A (high)                       AA
                                                            Financial Strength                                                                            AA                                                     NR
                                                            Senior Debt                                                    A (high)
                                                            Subordinated Debt                                              A (low)                    AA (low)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Fitch Ratings                                 Insurer Financial Strength                                                                    AA                         AA                          AA
                                                            Senior Debt                                                        A

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
                                                            Subordinated Debt                                                BBB+                         A+
              Moody’s Investors Service                     Insurance Financial Strength                                                                 Aa3                                                    Aa3
              S&P Global Ratings                            Insurer Financial Strength                                                                    AA                                                     AA
                                                            Senior Debt                                                       A+
                                                            Subordinated Debt                                                 A-                         AA-


              Segmented Operating Results
              The consolidated operating results of Lifeco, including the comparative figures, are presented on an IFRS basis after capital allocation.
              Consolidated operating results for Lifeco comprise the net earnings of Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries), Empower (Financial Services)
              and Putnam (Asset Management), together with Lifeco’s corporate results. The following sections analyze the performance of Lifeco’s four major
              reportable segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions.

              Translation of Foreign Currency
              For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars
              at the market rate at the end of the financial period. All income and expense items are translated at an average rate for the period.




              1   These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability
                  of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by
                  the rating agency.


                                                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report           49




                                                              P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                             B 33




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 33                                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Canada
                               The Canada segment of Lifeco includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together with an allocation of
                               a portion of Lifeco’s corporate results. There are two primary business units included in this segment. Through the Individual Customer business
                               unit, the Company provides life, disability and critical illness insurance products as well as wealth savings and income products to individual
                               clients. Through the Group Customer business unit, the Company provides life, accidental death and dismemberment, disability, critical illness,
                               health and dental protection, creditor insurance as well as retirement savings and income and annuity products and other specialty products to
                               group clients in Canada.


                               Business Profile
                               Individual Customer
                               Individual Customer comprises both insurance and wealth management product lines sold to individual customers.
                               Individual insurance includes individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services. Individual wealth management
                               includes individual wealth savings and income products and services. The Company is a leader in Canada for all insurance and wealth
                               management products and services and utilizes diverse, complementary distribution channels: Advisor Solutions, managing general agencies
                               (MGAs) and national accounts, including IG Wealth Management, a member of the Power Corporation of Canada group of companies. Through
                               Financial Horizons Group, the Company participates in the MGA channel, distributing products from across the insurance industry.
                               By offering this broad suite of products and services through multiple distribution channels, the Company is able to provide advice and product
                               solutions to meet the needs of Canadians at all phases of their lives.

                               Group Customer
                               Group Customer includes group life and health benefits, group creditor, and group retirement and investment product lines.
                               Through its group life and health benefits product lines, the Company offers effective benefit solutions for small, medium and large plan
                               sponsors. The Company offers a wide range of traditional group products and services including life, accidental death and dismemberment,
                               critical illness, disability, health and dental as well as specialty products. In addition, specialty product development, in particular growing the




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Freedom Experience has been a focus recently as the Company seeks to provide customized solutions to increasingly unique customer needs.
                               The Freedom Experience suite of products allows members to apply for life, health, and critical illness products and maintain this coverage
                               even when leaving their employers. These products also serve to close any group health and wealth gaps that members might experience with

 PART B
                               their current coverage. Products and programs have also been developed to address the needs of mental health in the workplace, high-cost
                               medications and employee wellness. Traditional group products are generally offered on an insured or an ASO basis, where clients self-insure
                               the products and Group Customer administers on their behalf. With the acquisition of ClaimSecure, Group Customer’s ASO capabilities have
                               been significantly enhanced.
                               The Company’s creditor business offers creditor insurance products through large financial institutions and credit card companies. Canada Life
                               is a leader in the creditor insurance business in Canada.
                               Group retirement and investment product lines include group Registered Retirement Savings Plans (RRSP), Tax-Free Savings Accounts (TFSA),
                               Registered Education Savings Plans (RESP), group retirement income products and institutional investment services. The Company is focused
                               on innovation within its savings and investment product lines.
                               Through the Company’s extensive network of group sales offices located across the country, it distributes its products through brokers, consultants
                               and financial security advisors.




                               50   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 34                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 34                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Market Overview
              Products and Services

              Individual Customer
              The Company provides an array of individual insurance and individual wealth management products that are distributed through multiple sales
              channels.
                  Market Position                                                  Products and Services                                            Distribution 3,4
                  • A leader in individual life insurance sales                    Individual Life Insurance                                        Advisor Solutions
                    measured by new annualized premium with                        • Term life                                                      • 4,329 financial security advisors
                    15.8% market share 1                                           • Universal life
                                                                                                                                                    Affiliated Partnerships
                  • A significant provider of individual disability                • Participating life
                                                                                                                                                    • 7,102 independent brokers associated with 31
                    and critical illness insurance with 12.7%                      Living Benefits                                                     MGAs 5
                    market share of new sales 1                                    • Disability
                                                                                                                                                    • 1,240 advisors associated with 12 national
                  • An industry leader with 26.1% market share of                  • Critical illness                                                 accounts
                    individual segregated fund assets 2
                                                                                   Individual Wealth Management                                     • 1,530 IG Wealth Management consultants
                                                                                   • Savings plans                                                    who actively sell Canada Life products
                                                                                      • RRSPs                                                       • 84 direct brokers and producer groups
                                                                                      • Non-registered savings programs
                                                                                                                                                    Financial Horizons Group 5
                                                                                      • TFSAs
                                                                                                                                                    • 5,330 independent brokers selling products
                                                                                      • RESPs
                                                                                                                                                      from across the insurance industry, including
                                                                                      Invested in:
                                                                                                                                                      Canada Life
                                                                                      • Segregated funds
                                                                                                                                                    Quadrus Investment Services Ltd.
                                                                                      • Mutual funds
                                                                                                                                                    (also included in Advisor Solutions advisor
                                                                                      • Guaranteed investment options




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                    counts):
                                                                                   • Retirement Income Plans
                                                                                                                                                    • 2,860 investment representatives
                                                                                      • Retirement income funds


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
                                                                                      • Life income funds
                                                                                      • Payout annuities
                                                                                      • Deferred annuities
                                                                                   • Residential mortgages 6
                                                                                   • Banking products

              1    For the nine months ended September 30, 2022.
              2    As at October 31, 2022.
              3    As at November 30, 2022.
              4    Advisor Solutions includes all contracted advisors. Affiliated Partnerships and Financial Horizons Group include advisors who placed new business in 2022.
              5    Financial Horizons Group advisors that placed Canada Life business in 2022 are also included in the MGA independent broker count.
              6    The Canada segment ceased residential mortgage origination in November 2022.




                                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    51




                                                              P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B 35




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 35                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Group Customer
                               The Company provides an array of life, health and creditor insurance as well as retirement and investment products that are distributed primarily
                               through Group sales offices across the country.
                                   Market Position                                   Products and Services                                     Distribution
                                   • Employee benefits to over 28,100 plan           Group Life & Health Benefits                              • Group Life and Health Benefits and Group
                                     sponsors 1                                      • Life                                                      Retirement and Investment Services are
                                   • 20% market share for employee benefit plans 2   • Disability                                                distributed through brokers, consultants, third
                                   • Leading market share for creditor products      • Critical illness                                          party administrators/payers and financial
                                     with coverage provided to 6.8 million plan                                                                  security advisors. Sales and service support
                                                                                     • Accidental death & dismemberment
                                     members 1                                                                                                   are provided by an integrated team of over
                                                                                     • Dental
                                                                                                                                                 610 employees, located in 22 offices across the
                                   • 19% market share of group capital               • Expatriate coverage
                                                                                                                                                 country, including 116 account executives. 1
                                     accumulation plans 2
                                                                                     • Extended health care
                                                                                                                                               • Group Creditor products and services are
                                                                                     Group Creditor                                              distributed primarily though large financial
                                                                                     • Life                                                      institutions and serviced through a dedicated
                                                                                     • Disability                                                sales and service organization.
                                                                                     • Job loss
                                                                                     • Critical illness
                                                                                     Group Retirement & Investment Services
                                                                                     • Group capital accumulation plans including:
                                                                                       • Defined contribution pension plans
                                                                                       • Group RRSPs, RESPs & TFSAs
                                                                                       • Deferred profit sharing plans
                                                                                       • Non-registered savings programs
                                                                                       Invested in:




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                       • Segregated funds
                                                                                       • Guaranteed investment options


 PART B
                                                                                       • Single company stock
                                                                                     • Retirement income plans
                                                                                       • Payout annuities
                                                                                       • Deferred annuities
                                                                                       • Retirement income funds
                                                                                       • Life income funds
                                                                                     • Investment management services only plans;
                                                                                       invested in:
                                                                                       • Segregated funds
                                                                                       • Guaranteed investment options
                                                                                       • Securities
                                                                                     Specialty Products and Services
                                                                                     • Individual health, life and critical illness
                                                                                       offered through the Freedom Experience
                                                                                     • Consult+TM
                                                                                     • Teledoc Medical ExpertsTM
                                                                                     • ContactTM
                               1    As at December 31, 2022.
                               2    As at December 31, 2021.




                               52      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 36                                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 36                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Competitive Conditions

              Individual Customer
              Competition in the Canadian individual insurance market focuses on service, technology, product features, price and financial strength, as
              indicated by ratings issued by nationally recognized agencies. The Company’s broad spectrum of distribution associates, including affiliated and
              independent channels, provide important strategic advantages within the Canadian market.
              The individual wealth management marketplace is also very competitive. The Company’s main competitors include mutual fund companies,
              insurance companies, banks and investment advisors as well as other service and professional organizations. New financial technology
              (Fintech) competitors have entered the marketplace leading to increased competition. Competition focuses on ease of doing business through
              technology, service, variety of investment options, investment performance, product features, price (fees) and financial strength. Individual
              wealth management’s broad spectrum of distribution associates, including affiliated and independent channels, provide important strategic
              advantages within the Canadian market.

              Group Customer
              The group life and health benefits market in Canada mainly comprises three large group insurance carriers with significant market positions, a
              number of smaller companies operating nationally and several regional and niche competitors. The Company has a significant market share of
              20%, which is supported by an extensive distribution network that has access to a wide range of products and services. This strong market share
              position is a distinct advantage for competing successfully in the Canadian group insurance market.
              The group capital accumulation plan market is also very competitive. Three major insurance companies hold a significant market share while
              several smaller insurance companies have an important market presence.
              The pension risk transfer business continues to grow in the Canadian marketplace as more companies with defined benefit pension plans (open
              or closed) look to transfer the investment and longevity risk to insurance companies. Providing the market with the capacity to meet this demand,
              existing companies have increased their presence in the marketplace, including major independent and bank-owned insurance companies with
              strong balance sheets and new entrants.


              2022 Developments




                                                                                                                                                                            GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              • The Company’s commitment to improved product offering and service experience for clients:
                 º On April 4, 2022, Canada Life and ClaimSecure Inc. (ClaimSecure) launched SecurePak, a bundled offering of Canada Life’s insurance

                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
                   benefits and ClaimSecure’s health and dental claims adjudication services. SecurePak offers plan sponsors the advantage of modernized
                   claims processing through ClaimSecure and the security of Canada Life’s pooled products for plans in the small-case market with 25 to 200
                   plan members.
                 º In September 2022, Canada Life launched the option to make Consult+ a “one-stop-shop” virtual care solution with Employee Assistance
                   Program (EAP) and Mental Health Services (MHS) bundled into the base Consult+ offering. Adding EAP and MHS enables a robust
                   combination of physical and mental health services available through one application at a competitive rate.
                 º During the fourth quarter of 2022, Canada Life accessed capabilities in Bangalore, India, for the processing of client claims. The expansion
                   leverages existing Empower operations to drive efficiency and adds to our existing Canadian benefits payment back office and resource
                   complement, allowing the Company to process claims for Canadians nearly 24 hours a day, five days a week, to keep pace with customer
                   expectations and deliver an improved experience.
              • The Company continued to advance its digital capabilities to serve advisors and clients:
                 º Canada Life continues to modernize legacy technology platforms and expand its SimpleProtect digital app features and coverage to improve
                   the advisor and customer experience.
                 º The Company has enriched its member sites to allow even earlier access to Canadians. Now, members can register for the MyCanadaLife
                   at Work website, and get access to their plan and see information about coverages, even before they are fully eligible for their
                   employment benefits.
              • On October 1, 2022, Plan Member as Customers was rebranded as Freedom Experience. The Company is leveraging this brand by renaming
                several direct-to-consumer products distributed by Group Customer with the Freedom Experience brand. A dedicated team will be focused
                on distributing these products and bringing the Freedom Experience to Canadians.




                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    53




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           B 37




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 37                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Selected Financial Information – Canada
                                                                                                                                                      For the three months ended                       For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                           Dec. 31              Sept. 30           Dec. 31              Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                            2022                 2022               2021                 2022               2021

                               Base earnings (loss) 1
                                   Individual Customer                                                                                 $          126       $          91      $          140      $         437       $          580
                                   Group Customer                                                                                                 213                 178                 194                736                  705
                                   Canada Corporate                                                                                               (44)                 14                 (17)               (27)                 (65)
                               Base earnings (loss) 1                                                                                  $          295       $         283      $          317      $       1,146       $      1,220
                               Items excluded from base earnings
                                   Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions 2                                         $              2     $        (120)     $          (13)     $        (117)      $          (43)
                                   Market-related impacts on liabilities 2                                                                           (1)               (3)                  3                  3                   10
                                   Tax legislative changes impact                                                                                    84                 –                   –                 84                    –
                               Net earnings                                                                                            $          380       $         160      $          307      $       1,116       $      1,187
                               Sales 2
                                    Individual Insurance                                                                               $        130         $          93      $        120        $         413       $        421
                                    Individual Wealth                                                                                         2,630                 1,988             3,274                9,929             11,468
                                    Group Insurance                                                                                             138                   116               189                  610                667
                                    Group Wealth                                                                                              1,131                   890             1,298                3,687              3,869
                               Sales 2                                                                                                 $      4,029         $       3,087      $      4,881        $      14,639       $     16,425
                               Wealth Management net cash flows 2
                                   Individual Customer                                                                                 $          (329)     $        (756)     $        332        $      (1,324)      $       1,324
                                   Group Customer                                                                                                  186                203              (509)               1,016              (1,252)
                               Wealth Management net cash flows 2                                                                      $          (143)     $        (553)     $       (177)       $        (308)      $             72
                               Fee and other income
                                    Individual Customer                                                                                $          278       $         281      $          292      $       1,135       $      1,138




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Group Customer                                                                                                207                 201                 217                822                794
                                    Canada Corporate                                                                                                7                   8                  12                 31                 59


 PART B
                               Fee and other income                                                                                    $          492       $         490      $          521      $       1,988       $      1,991


                               Total assets                                                                                            $ 195,082            $ 189,196          $ 203,982
                                    Other assets under management 2,3                                                                      4,057                3,964              5,742
                               Total assets under management 1                                                                             199,139               193,160           209,724
                                    Other assets under administration 2,4                                                                   26,344                25,505            29,615
                               Total assets under administration 1,4                                                                   $ 225,483            $ 218,665          $ 239,339

                               1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
                               2    Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                               3    At December 31, 2022, proprietary mutual funds excluded $2.9 billion in funds accounted for as investments on account of segregated fund policyholders ($2.4 billion at December 31, 2021).
                               4    2021 comparative figures have been restated to include Financial Horizons Group and Excel Private Wealth Inc. assets under administration in the Canada segment.




                               54      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 38                                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 38                                                                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Base and net earnings
              In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Canada segment’s net earnings of $380 million increased by $73 million compared to the same quarter last
              year. Base earnings of $295 million decreased by $22 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower fee income driven by
              lower assets, less favourable mortality experience as well as lower policyholder behaviour experience in Individual Customer and less favourable
              investment experience on equity release mortgages. These items were partially offset by changes in certain tax estimates and strong Group long-
              term disability results driven by effective claims management and disciplined pricing actions.
              Items excluded from base earnings were positive $85 million compared to negative $10 million for the same quarter last year. The fourth quarter
              of 2022 included the favourable impact of the revaluation of net deferred tax assets and actuarial liabilities of $84 million resulting from an
              increase to the Canadian statutory income tax rate. Actuarial assumption changes and management actions were positive $2 million compared
              to negative $13 million for the same quarter last year. Market-related impacts were negative $1 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to
              positive $3 million in the same quarter last year.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net earnings decreased by $71 million to $1,116 million compared to the same period last year.
              Base earnings of $1,146 million decreased by $74 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for
              the in-quarter results.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, items excluded from base earnings were negative $30 million compared to negative $33
              million for the same period last year. Actuarial assumption changes and management actions were negative $117 million compared to negative
              $43 million for the same period last year, primarily due to updated policyholder behaviour assumptions, partially offset by mortality updates
              and model refinements in the third quarter of 2022. The twelve months ended December 31, 2022 also included the favourable impact of the
              revaluation of net deferred tax assets and actuarial liabilities as discussed for the in-quarter results. Market-related impacts were positive $3
              million compared to positive $10 million for the same period last year.
              For the fourth quarter of 2022, net earnings attributable to the participating account were $9 million compared to a net loss of $25 million for the
              same quarter last year, primarily due to more favourable impacts of actuarial assumption changes, partially offset by lower earnings on surplus.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net earnings attributable to the participating account were $188 million compared to $304
              million for the same period last year, primarily due to lower earnings on surplus and lower impacts of new business.

              Sales




                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Sales for the fourth quarter of 2022 of $4.0 billion decreased by $0.9 billion compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower
              individual mutual fund and segregated fund sales. The Company saw fewer opportunities in the group insurance medium and large case markets.


                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, sales decreased by $1.8 billion to $14.6 billion compared to the same period last year, primarily
              due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
              In the fourth quarter of 2022, wealth management net cash outflows were $143 million compared to net cash outflows of $177 million for the
              same quarter last year. The improvement in net cash outflows was primarily due to strong Group retirement wealth product sales and lower
              terminations and withdrawals in Group Customer, partially offset by lower segregated fund deposits in Individual Customer.
              Net cash outflows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were $308 million compared to net cash inflows of $72 million for the same
              period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as higher mutual fund withdrawals in Individual
              Customer, partially offset by the non-recurrence of a large group termination in the third quarter last year.

              Fee and other income
              Fee and other income for the fourth quarter of 2022 of $492 million decreased by $29 million compared to the same quarter last year. The
              decrease was primarily due to lower fee income from wealth management businesses as a result of lower asset levels.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, fee and other income decreased by $3 million to $1,988 million compared to the same period
              last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as lower fee income in Canada Corporate as a result of the
              sale of EverWest Real Estate Investors, LLC and EverWest Advisors, LLC (EverWest) in the fourth quarter of 2021.




                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    55




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 39




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 39                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Outlook
                               Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                               at the beginning of this document.

                               Individual Customer
                               The strong Canada Life brand, prudent business practices, the depth and breadth of its distribution channels and the Company’s reputation for
                               strength and stability, positions the Company well for 2023 and beyond.
                               In 2023, Individual Customer will continue to advance on strategies to position for growth. The Company will further establish the value
                               propositions for advisors in all channels, providing them with strategies and tools for helping customers focus on achieving long-term financial
                               security regardless of life stage and market fluctuations. This commitment to advice is beneficial to strong customer retention as well as helping
                               advisors attract new customers to the Company. In 2022, the Company acquired a majority interest in two distribution firms to continue
                               strengthening its distribution network. Distribution channels will maximize the use of common tools, processes and support, while tailoring
                               support to specific segments of advisors, where appropriate.
                               The Company will continue to competitively develop, price and market a comprehensive range of individual insurance and individual wealth
                               management products while maintaining its focus on sales and service support to customers and advisors in all channels. The Company will also
                               continue to monitor and respond to the impacts of long-term interest rates and fee income compression.
                               Operational expense management continues to be critically important to delivering strong financial results. The Company will seek to achieve
                               this through disciplined expense controls and effective development and implementation of strategic initiatives. Management has identified
                               key areas of focus for these initiatives to facilitate the objective of organic growth, including continuing to invest in digital solutions to support
                               advisors and customers and addressing its legacy of administration systems and processes to unlock the potential for future growth.

                               Group Customer
                               During 2022, Group Customer delivered strong business results and enhanced its competitive position in the Canadian group market with its
                               acquisition of ClaimSecure and being awarded the Public Service Health Care Plan. Group Customer has leading or strong market share in all
                               case size, regional and benefit market segments. The Company believes that this market share position, together with its distribution capacity,
                               will facilitate continued growth in net premium income.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               In 2023, Group Customer will continue to advance its core strategies to drive growth in the business. Group Customer plans to enhance its
                               competitive position in the marketplace by focusing on improving its operational resilience. Group Customer will enhance its productivity as


 PART B
                               well as customer and employee experience by making further investments in workflow, automation, digital innovation and artificial intelligence.
                               Group Customer also plans to take advantage of being awarded the Public Service Health Care Plan by building additional digital capabilities that
                               will be leveraged by the rest of the business improving efficiency and customer service.
                               The focus on operational resilience, combined with a strong expense management culture, will be key to delivering strong financial results in
                               2023 and beyond. While maintaining focus on all areas of the business, Group Customer plans to put increased focus and investment in its
                               disability offering, improving the efficiency and effectiveness of disability operations to support growth and profitability in this business.
                               Group Customer will also focus on expanding its distribution footprint and offering its member base enhanced products that will be more readily
                               available through the Freedom Experience suite of products. Group Customer plans to capitalize on its recent acquisition of ClaimSecure and
                               leverage newly acquired capabilities to offer an enhanced product shelf as well as to grow in the third party administrator business segment.




                               56   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 40                                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 40                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              United States
              The United States segment operating results for Lifeco include the results of Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower),
              Putnam Investments (Putnam) and the results of the insurance businesses in the U.S. branch of Canada Life, together with an allocation of a
              portion of Lifeco’s corporate results.
              Through its Financial Services business unit, and specifically Empower, the Company helps people with saving, investing and advice through
              employer sponsored plans and individual product solutions. The Financial Services business unit also includes a retained block of life insurance,
              predominantly participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed retrocession block of life insurance.
              Through its Asset Management business unit, and specifically the Putnam brand, the Company provides investment management services and
              related administrative functions and distribution services, through a broad range of investment products.


              Business Profile
              Financial Services
              Empower offers employer-sponsored defined contribution, defined benefit and non-qualified plans including enrollment services,
              communication materials, investment options and education services. In addition to employer sponsored products, it offers individual
              retirement accounts and taxable brokerage accounts to individuals. The Empower Investments brand offers fund management, investment
              and advisory services. The Empower Institutional brand offers private label recordkeeping and administrative services for other providers of
              employer-sponsored defined contribution plans. Personal Capital is a hybrid wealth manager that combines a leading-edge digital experience
              with personalized advice delivered by dedicated advisors.

              Asset Management
              Putnam provides investment management services and related administrative functions and distribution services. Putnam offers a broad range
              of investment products, including equity, fixed-income, absolute return and alternative strategies, through Putnam Funds, Putnam Exchange
              Traded Funds (ETF), Putnam World Trust Funds, institutional portfolios (including hedge fund and other alternative strategies), model-based
              separately managed accounts (SMAs) and model portfolios. Revenue is derived from the value and composition of assets under management




                                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              and performance fees as well as service and distribution fees. Accordingly, fluctuations in the financial markets and changes in the composition
              of assets or accounts affect revenues and results of operations.


                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
              Market Overview
              Products and Services
              The Company provides a focused product offering that is distributed through a variety of channels.

              Financial Services

                  Market Position                                         Products and Services                             Distribution
                  • Second largest defined contribution service           • Employer-sponsored defined contribution,        • Retirement services products distributed to
                    provider in the country 1 by participants               defined benefit and non-qualified                 plan sponsors through brokers, consultants,
                    providing services for 17.8 million participant         plans including enrollment services,              advisors, third-party administrators and banks
                    accounts and approximately 81,000 plans, 2              communication materials, investment options     • Empower Institutional recordkeeping and
                    with clients in all 50 states, Puerto Rico              and education services                            administrative services distributed through
                    and Guam                                              • Administrative and recordkeeping services for     institutional clients
                  • 25.8% market share in state and local                   financial institutions and employer-sponsored   • IRAs and taxable brokerage accounts available
                    government deferred compensation plans,                 defined contribution, defined benefit and         to individuals through the Retirement
                    based on number of participant accounts 3               non-qualified plans                               Solutions Group as well as distributed directly
                  • Empower Lifetime Funds are the 16th largest           • Fund management, investment and advisory          to consumers through Personal Capital
                    target date fund offering in the U.S. 2                 services
                                                                          • Individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and
                                                                            taxable brokerage accounts
              1    As at July 21, 2022.
              2    As at December 31, 2022.
              3    As at September 30, 2021.




                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    57




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B 41




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 41                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Asset Management

                                   Market Position                                   Products and Services                                   Distribution
                                   • A global investment manager with assets         Investment Management Products & Services               Individual Retail Investors
                                     under management of US$164.7 billion 1          • Individual retail investors – a family of open-       • A broad network of distribution relationships
                                   • Global distribution includes sales teams that     end mutual funds and closed-end funds, a                with unaffiliated broker dealers, financial
                                     are focused on major institutional markets        line of actively-managed ETFs, college savings          planners, registered investment advisors and
                                     in the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, Asia        plans, mutual funds underlying variable                 other financial institutions that distribute
                                     and Australia and through a long-standing         annuity products, and model-only separately             the Putnam Funds and defined contribution
                                     strategic distribution relationship in Japan      managed accounts and model portfolios for               investment only offerings to their customers,
                                                                                       clients of third party financial firms                  which, in total, includes approximately
                                                                                     • Institutional investors – defined benefit plans         130,000 advisors 1
                                                                                       sponsored by corporations, state, municipal           • Sub-advisory relationships and Putnam-
                                                                                       and other governmental authorities,                     labeled funds as investment options for
                                                                                       university endowment funds, charitable                  insurance companies and non-U.S. residents
                                                                                       foundations, sovereign wealth funds and               • Retail distribution channels are supported by
                                                                                       collective investment vehicles (both U.S. and           Putnam’s sales and relationship management
                                                                                       non-U.S.)                                               team
                                                                                     • Investment offerings for defined contribution         • Retirement plan sponsors and participants
                                                                                       plans                                                   are supported by Putnam’s dedicated defined
                                                                                     • Alternative investment products across the              contribution investment only professionals
                                                                                       fixed-income and equity groups as well as               and through a relationship with Empower and
                                                                                       PanAgora Asset Management Inc., a Putnam                other recordkeeping firms
                                                                                       subsidiary offering quantitative strategies           Institutional Investors
                                                                                     • Seven equity model-based separately                   • Supported by Putnam’s dedicated account
                                                                                       managed accounts (SMAs) and six multi-asset             management, product management and
                                                                                       model portfolios                                        client service professionals




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                     Administrative Services
                                                                                     • Transfer agency, underwriting, distribution,


 PART B
                                                                                       shareholder services, and trustee and other
                                                                                       fiduciary services
                               1    As at December 31, 2022.

                               Competitive Conditions

                               Financial Services
                               The retirement and investment marketplaces are competitive. The Company’s competitors include mutual fund companies, insurance
                               companies, banks, investment advisors and certain service and professional organizations. No one competitor or small number of competitors is
                               dominant. Competition focuses on name recognition, service, technology, cost, variety of investment options, investment performance, product
                               features, price and financial strength as indicated by ratings issued by nationally recognized agencies.

                               Asset Management
                               The investment management business is competitive. Putnam competes with other providers of investment products and services, primarily
                               based on the range of investment products offered, investment performance, distribution, scope and quality of shareholder and other services,
                               as well as general reputation in the marketplace. Putnam’s investment management business is also influenced by general securities market
                               conditions, government regulations, global economic conditions, as well as advertising and sales promotional efforts. Putnam competes with
                               other mutual fund firms and institutional asset managers that offer investment products similar to Putnam, as well as products that Putnam
                               does not offer. Putnam also competes with a number of mutual fund sponsors that offer their funds directly to the public. Conversely, Putnam
                               generally offers its funds only through intermediaries.




                               58      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 42                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 42                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              2022 Developments
              Financial Services Developments
              • Strategic Transaction Updates
                 º   In July 2022, Empower initiated a new brand identity, with the name “Empower” replacing “Empower Retirement.” The Company believes
                     the new public-facing brand name will help to continue to drive business growth as it more accurately reflects its broadening stature and
                     rapid growth.
                 º   On April 1, 2022, Empower completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential Financial, Inc.
                     (Prudential). With the completion of the acquisition, Empower’s reach in the U.S. has expanded to approximately 81,000 workplace
                     savings plans as of December 31, 2022.
                     The Company funded the total transaction value of US$3,480 million with US$1,193 million of limited recourse capital notes and US$823
                     million of short-term debt, in addition to existing resources.
                     Empower anticipates realizing cost synergies through the migration of Prudential’s retirement services business onto Empower’s
                     recordkeeping platform. Estimated run-rate cost synergies of US$180 million are expected to be phased in over 24 months primarily when
                     systems migrations are completed. As of December 31, 2022, US$43 million of pre-tax run rate cost synergies have been achieved. Revenue
                     synergies of US$20 million are expected on a run-rate basis by the end of 2024 and are expected to grow to US$50 million by 2026.
                     Empower expects to incur one-time integration and restructuring expenses of US$170 million pre-tax related to the Prudential acquisition,
                     US$18 million pre-tax of which were incurred in the fourth quarter of 2022. The integration is expected to be completed in the first half
                     of 2024.
                                                                                                                                                 For the
                                                                                                                                                 twelve                Total
                                                                                                                For the three                    months              expensed
                                                                                                                months ended                     ended                to date
                                                                                                          Dec. 31            Sept. 30            Dec. 31             Dec. 31
                     (in US$ millions)                                                                     2022               2022                2022                2022

                     Restructuring and integration (pre-tax)                                          $             18   $          15       $             68    $             68




                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     Restructuring and integration (post-tax)                                                       14              11                     51                  51

                     Transaction costs (pre-tax)                                                                    –                   25                 79                  86


                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
                     Transaction costs (post-tax)                                                                   –                   20                 63                  69


                 º   The Company completed the integration of MassMutual as of December 31, 2022, and has achieved US$160 million of final pre-
                     tax run rate cost synergies in line with original expectations. In the fourth quarter of 2022 pre-tax run rate cost synergies increased
                     US$59 million pre-tax compared to US$101 million pre-tax as of September 30, 2022. Empower is on track to achieve run rate revenue
                     synergies of US$30 million pre-tax in 2024 and revenue synergies are expected to continue to grow beyond 2024. To date, the Company
                     has incurred US$125 million pre-tax of restructuring and integration costs, US$116 million of which has been expensed, in line with
                     original expectations.
                                                                                                                                                 For the
                                                                                                                                                 twelve                Total
                                                                                                                For the three                    months              expensed
                                                                                                                months ended                     ended                to date
                                                                                                          Dec. 31            Sept. 30            Dec. 31             Dec. 31
                     (in US$ millions)                                                                     2022               2022                2022                2022

                     Restructuring and integration (pre-tax)                                          $             –    $              25   $             42    $         116
                     Restructuring and integration (post-tax)                                                       –                   18                 31               87




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         59




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              B 43




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 43                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                    º    The integration of Personal Capital was completed as of December 31, 2022. To date, the Company has incurred US$57 million pre-tax of
                                         restructuring and integration costs, US$43 million of which has been expensed, in line with original expectations. During the third quarter
                                         of 2022, a contingent consideration provision of US$41 million pre-tax was released, as the growth in assets under management is below
                                         the level where further contingent consideration is payable.
                                                                                                                                                                         For the
                                                                                                                                                                         twelve               Total
                                                                                                                                         For the three                   months             expensed
                                                                                                                                         months ended                    ended               to date
                                                                                                                                   Dec. 31            Sept. 30           Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                         (in US$ millions)                                                                          2022               2022               2022               2022

                                         Restructuring and integration (pre-tax)                                               $             4    $              4   $             17   $             43
                                         Restructuring and integration (post-tax)                                                            3                   3                 12                 31

                                         Transaction costs (pre-tax)                                                                         –                (41)             (41)                   61
                                         Transaction costs (post-tax)                                                                        –                (39)             (39)                   57


                               • Empower assets under administration (AUA) were US$1.3 trillion at December 31, 2022, an increase of US$0.1 trillion compared to
                                 December 31, 2021 and an increase of US$0.1 trillion compared to September 30, 2022. Empower participant accounts have grown to 17.8
                                 million at December 31, 2022, up from 13.0 million at December 31, 2021 and 17.5 million at September 30, 2022. The increases in AUA
                                 and participants compared to December 31, 2021 were primarily the result of the Prudential acquisition. The increase in AUA compared to
                                 September 30, 2022 was primarily due to an increase in equity markets.
                               • During 2022, the Company received the following awards and rankings:
                                    º    In January 2022, Empower earned 28 “Best in Class” ratings from its customers in an annual survey from PLANSPONSOR Magazine that
                                         gauges employers’ satisfaction with their retirement plan providers.
                                    º    Empower was named by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation as “Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality” for its policies, practices
                                         and benefits pertinent to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer employees.
                                    º    In October 2022, Empower received the 2022 Service Awards Gold Medal for best participant tools and best reporting from Financial




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Advisor IQ.

                               Asset Management Developments
 PART B                        • Putnam’s ending assets under management (AUM) at December 31, 2022 of US$164.7 billion decreased by US$37.8 billion compared to the
                                 same period last year, while average AUM for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 of US$176.6 billion decreased by US$21.6 billion
                                 compared to the same period last year.
                               • Putnam continues to sustain strong investment performance relative to its peers.
                                    º    Putnam ranked 13th (out of 49) and sixth (out of 45) for the five-year and ten-year performance, respectively, in the 2021 Barron’s Annual
                                         Best Fund Families rankings, which were released in the first quarter of 2022.
                                    º    As of December 31, 2022, approximately 73% and 78% of Putnam’s fund assets performed at levels above the Lipper median on a three-
                                         year and five-year basis, respectively. In addition, 43% and 66% of Putnam’s fund assets were in the Lipper top quartile on a three-year and
                                         five-year basis, respectively. Putnam has 40 funds currently rated 4 or 5 stars by Morningstar Ratings.
                                    º    In March 2022, Putnam Convertible Securities Fund received a 2022 Refinitiv Lipper Fund Award for its top performance over a five-year
                                         period, recognizing the fund’s consistently strong risk-adjusted performance relative to its peers in the convertible securities category.
                               • Putnam expanded its offering of innovative products:
                                    º    During 2022, Putnam made a series of product-related announcements to meet evolving market demand for sustainable investment
                                         options including three actively managed, transparent exchange traded funds (ETFs) which were launched in January 2023, the
                                         repositioning of Putnam’s RetirementReady Funds target-date series as the Putnam Sustainable Retirement Funds, the launching of
                                         three active fixed income and two active quantitative equity ETFs with an ESG focus.
                                    º    During the third quarter of 2022, Putnam launched two new transparent and actively managed equity ETFs. The Putnam BDC Income
                                         ETF is concentrated on business development companies (BDCs) and Putnam BioRevolution ETF is centered on companies operating
                                         at the intersection of technology and biology. Putnam BDC Income ETF is the first actively managed BDC ETF in the marketplace.




                               60       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 44                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 44                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Selected Financial Information – United States
                                                                                                                                   For the three months ended                       For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                         Dec. 31             Sept. 30            Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                          2022                2022                2021                2022               2021

              Base earnings 1                                                                                        $          185      $         204      $         156       $         652       $        671
              Items excluded from base earnings
                  Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions 2                                        $            –      $            –     $             2     $           –       $           6
                  Market-related impacts on liabilities 2                                                                         9                 (22)                 (1)              (32)                 (5)
                  Restructuring and integration costs                                                                           (32)                (43)                (15)             (131)                (66)
                  Transaction costs related to acquisitions                                                                       –                  25                 (50)              (29)               (107)
              Net earnings – common shareholders                                                                     $          162      $         164      $              92   $         460       $        499
              Sales   2
                                                                                                                     $     40,278        $     35,854       $      40,104       $ 165,268           $ 204,584
              Fee and other income                                                                                          1,156                1,095                998               4,271               3,880
              Base earnings (US$) 1                                                                                  $          135      $         156      $         125       $         499       $        535
              Items excluded from base earnings (US$)
                  Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions 2                                        $            –      $            –     $             1     $           –       $           5
                  Market-related impacts on liabilities 2                                                                         7                 (18)                 (1)              (26)                 (3)
                  Restructuring and integration costs                                                                           (23)                (32)                (12)             (100)                (54)
                  Transaction costs related to acquisitions                                                                       –                  19                 (40)              (24)                (86)
              Net earnings – common shareholders (US$)                                                               $          119      $         125      $              73   $         349       $        397
              Sales (US$)    2
                                                                                                                     $     29,616        $     27,370       $      31,829       $ 127,010           $ 162,455
              Fee and other income (US$)                                                                                        850                836                792               3,270               3,092


              Total assets (US$) 3                                                                                   $ 230,187           $ 219,580          $ 163,946




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                   Other assets under management 2,3                                                                   205,287             194,513            244,829
              Total assets under management 1,3                                                                            435,474            414,093            408,775
                   Other assets under administration 2,3                                                                 1,056,914            982,770            977,932

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B
              Total assets under administration (US$) 1,3                                                            $ 1,492,388         $ 1,396,863        $ 1,386,707
              Total assets under administration (C$) 1,3                                                             $ 2,014,725         $ 1,927,671        $ 1,761,118

              1   This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
              2   Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
              3   The Prudential acquisition during the second quarter of 2022 added US$88 billion (C$119 billion) in total assets, US$1 billion (C$1 billion) in other assets under management and US$197 billion
                  (C$267 billion) in other assets under administration as at December 31, 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         61




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                       B 45




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 45                                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Financial Services Operating Results
                                                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                      For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                           Dec. 31             Sept. 30           Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                            2022                2022               2021                2022               2021

                               Base earnings 1                                                                                         $          206      $         214      $           137    $         710       $        604

                               Items excluded from base earnings
                                   Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions 2                                         $            –      $            –     $             2    $            –      $           6
                                   Market-related impact on liabilities 2                                                                           9                 (22)                 (1)              (32)                (5)
                                   Restructuring and integration costs                                                                            (28)                (22)                (15)              (94)               (55)
                               Net earnings – common shareholders                                                                      $          187      $         170      $           123    $         584       $        550
                               Sales 2                                                                                                 $     25,923        $     24,720       $     22,672       $ 115,112           $ 147,534
                               Fee and other income                                                                                               862                824                  673            3,136              2,640
                               Base earnings (US$) 1                                                                                   $          151      $         164      $           110    $         544       $        482
                               Items excluded from base earnings (US$)
                                   Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions 2                                         $            –      $            –     $             1    $            –      $           5
                                   Market-related impact on liabilities 2                                                                           7                 (18)                 (1)              (26)                (3)
                                   Restructuring and integration costs                                                                            (20)                (16)                (12)              (72)               (44)
                               Net earnings – common shareholders (US$)                                                                $          138      $         130      $             98   $         446       $        440
                               Sales (US$)     2
                                                                                                                                       $     19,061        $     18,870       $     17,994       $      88,603       $ 117,036
                               Fee and other income (US$)                                                                                         634                629                  534            2,400              2,103

                               1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
                               2    Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.


                               Base and net earnings




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               In the fourth quarter of 2022, net earnings of US$138 million increased by US$40 million compared to the same quarter last year. Base earnings of
                               US$151 million increased by US$41 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to base earnings of US$47 million related to the
                               Prudential acquisition as well as higher contributions from investment experience. These items were partially offset by lower fee income driven

 PART B
                               by lower average equity markets and transaction volumes as well as higher expenses driven by business growth.
                               Items excluded from base earnings of negative US$13 million were comparable to the same quarter last year as higher restructuring and
                               integration costs related to the Prudential acquisition were offset by positive contributions from hedge ineffectiveness related to Prudential
                               guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit products resulting from higher in-quarter equity market levels.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net earnings increased by US$6 million to US$446 million compared to the same period last
                               year. Base earnings of US$544 million increased by US$62 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to base earnings of
                               US$129 million related to the Prudential acquisition as well as the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results.
                               Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$98 million compared to negative US$42 million in the same period last year. The increase
                               was primarily due to higher restructuring and integration costs related to the Prudential acquisition as well as market volatility resulting in hedge
                               ineffectiveness related to Prudential guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit products.

                               Sales
                               Sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 of US$19.1 billion increased by US$1.1 billion compared to the same quarter last year. The increase was
                               primarily due to an increase in large plan sales. Large plan sales can be highly variable from period to period and tend to be lower margin;
                               however, contribute to covering fixed overhead costs.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, sales decreased by US$28.4 billion to US$88.6 billion compared to the same period last year,
                               primarily due to lower large plan sales. Included in sales for the first quarter of 2021 was one Empower large plan sale relating to a new client
                               with approximately 316,000 participants.




                               62      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 46                                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 46                                                                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Fee and other income
              Fee income is derived primarily from assets under management, assets under administration, shareholder servicing fees, administration and
              recordkeeping services, investment advisory services, investment management fees, performance fees, transfer agency and other service fees, as
              well as underwriting and distribution fees.
              Fee and other income for the fourth quarter of 2022 of US$634 million increased by US$100 million compared to the same quarter last year. The
              increase was primarily due to Prudential related fee income of US$157 million, partially offset by lower Empower fee income driven by lower
              average equity markets and lower transaction volumes.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, fee and other income increased by US$297 million to US$2,400 million compared to the same
              period last year, primarily due to Prudential related fee income of US$463 million, partially offset by the same reasons discussed for the in-
              quarter results.

              Empower – assets under administration (US$)
                                                                                                                                                                                       December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                2022              2021

              General account                                                                                                                                              $      73,955      $    37,329
              Segregated funds                                                                                                                                                   118,445           86,181
              Other assets under management 1,2                                                                                                                                   62,706           65,075
              Other assets under administration 3                                                                                                                              1,056,914          977,932
                                                                                                                                                                           $ 1,312,020        $ 1,166,517

              1   At December 31, 2022, other assets under management included US$19.6 billion in Putnam managed funds (US$19.6 billion at December 31, 2021) and US$89 billion in Prudential managed
                  funds (nil at December 31, 2021).
              2   2021 comparative figure has been restated to include Personal Capital assets under management.
              3   At December 31, 2022 other assets under administration included US$197 billion in Prudential managed funds (nil at December 31, 2021).

              Empower customer account values at December 31, 2022 of US$1.3 trillion increased by US$145.5 billion compared with December 31, 2021,
              primarily due to the Prudential acquisition.




                                                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B




                                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     63




                                                            P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B 47




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 47                                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Asset Management Operating Results

                                                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                      For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                           Dec. 31              Sept. 30          Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                            2022                 2022              2021                2022               2021

                               Core net earnings (loss) 1                                                                              $             2      $          (17)   $             25   $          (23)     $             92
                                   Non-core net earnings (loss) 1                                                                                  (29)                 (5)                 18              (43)                    3
                               Net earnings (loss) 2                                                                                   $           (27)     $          (22)   $             43   $          (66)     $             95

                               Sales 3                                                                                                 $     14,355         $     11,134      $        17,432    $      50,156       $     57,050
                               Fee income
                                    Investment management fees                                                                         $           196      $         193     $           220    $         792       $        855
                                    Performance fees                                                                                                17                 (3)                 12               11                 15
                                    Service fees                                                                                                    36                 35                  37              142                146
                                    Underwriting & distribution fees                                                                                45                 46                  56              190                224
                               Fee income                                                                                              $           294      $         271     $           325    $       1,135       $      1,240

                               Core net earnings (loss) (US$) 1                                                                        $             1      $          (13)   $             20   $          (18)     $             74
                                   Non-core net earnings (loss) (US$) 1                                                                            (21)                 (4)                 15              (32)                    2
                               Net earnings (loss) (US$) 2                                                                             $           (20)     $          (17)   $             35   $          (50)     $             76

                               Sales (US$) 3                                                                                           $     10,555         $       8,500     $        13,835    $      38,407       $     45,419
                               Fee income (US$)
                                    Investment management fees                                                                         $           144      $         147     $           175    $         607       $        682
                                    Performance fees                                                                                                13                 (2)                  9                9                 12
                                    Service fees                                                                                                    26                 27                  29              108                116




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Underwriting & distribution fees                                                                                33                 35                  45              146                179
                               Fee income (US$)                                                                                        $           216      $         207     $           258    $         870       $        989


 PART B
                               Core margin (pre-tax) 4                                                                                            1.2%            (7.2)%               11.4%            (2.4)%             10.1%

                               1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
                               2    For the Asset Management business unit, there were no differences between net earnings (loss) and base earnings (loss) in the periods presented.
                               3    Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                               4    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.

                               Net earnings
                               For the Asset Management business unit, there were no differences between net earnings (loss) and base earnings (loss) in the periods presented.
                               The net loss for the fourth quarter of 2022 was US$20 million compared to net earnings of US$35 million for the same period last year, primarily
                               due to lower other AUM-based fee income and the unfavourable impact of certain tax items.
                               The net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was US$50 million compared to net earnings of US$76 million for the same period
                               last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

                               Sales
                               Sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 decreased by US$3.3 billion to US$10.6 billion compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to a
                               decrease in institutional sales of US$3.7 billion.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, sales decreased by US$7.0 billion to US$38.4 billion compared to the same period last year,
                               primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results.




                               64      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 48                                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 48                                                                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Fee income
              Fee income is derived primarily from investment management fees, performance fees, transfer agency and other service fees, as well as
              underwriting and distribution fees. Generally, fees are earned based on AUM and may depend on financial markets, the relative performance of
              Putnam’s investment products to benchmarks, the number of retail accounts and sales. Performance fees are generated on certain mutual funds
              and institutional portfolios and are generally based on a rolling 36-month performance period for mutual funds and a 12-month performance
              period for institutional portfolios. Performance fees on mutual funds are symmetric, and as a result, can be positive or negative.
              Fee income for the fourth quarter of 2022 decreased by US$42 million to US$216 million compared to the same quarter last year. The decrease
              was primarily due to lower investment management fees and underwriting and distribution fees driven by lower other AUM as a result of lower
              equity and fixed income markets. The decrease in underwriting and distribution fees was mostly offset by lower distribution expenses.
              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, fee income decreased by US$119 million to US$870 million compared to the same period last
              year, primarily for the same reasons as the in-quarter results.

              Other Assets Under Management (AUM) – Putnam (US$) 1,2
                                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                     For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                        Dec. 31            Sept. 30             Dec. 31           Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                         2022               2022                 2021              2022               2021

              Beginning other AUM                                                                                    $ 157,738           $ 166,965         $ 196,887           $ 202,532          $ 191,554

              Sales – Mutual funds and ETFs 1                                                                               5,577              4,697               5,206            21,254             22,343
              Redemptions – Mutual funds and ETFs                                                                          (7,203)            (5,845)             (6,812)          (27,545)           (26,605)
              Net asset flows – Mutual funds and ETFs 1                                                                    (1,626)            (1,148)             (1,606)            (6,291)           (4,262)

              Sales – Institutional 1                                                                                       4,978              3,803               8,629            17,153             23,076
              Redemptions – Institutional                                                                                  (4,836)            (4,695)             (7,063)          (21,195)           (26,109)
              Net asset flows – Institutional 1                                                                                 142             (892)              1,566             (4,042)           (3,033)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Net asset flows – Total 1                                                                                    (1,484)            (2,040)                 (40)         (10,333)            (7,295)

              Impact of market/performance                                                                                  8,458             (7,187)              5,685           (27,487)            18,273

              Ending other AUM 3                                                                                     $ 164,712           $ 157,738         $ 202,532           $ 164,712          $ 202,532                              PART B



              Average AUM 1
              Mutual funds and ETFs                                                                                        79,219             82,029             98,425             84,741            97,155
              Institutional assets                                                                                         85,771             87,854            102,090             91,813           100,968
              Total average other AUM 1                                                                              $ 164,990           $ 169,883         $ 200,515           $ 176,554          $ 198,123


              1   Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
              2   Other assets under management excluded US$1,061 million at December 31, 2022 in assets for which Putnam provides investment recommendations, but has no control over implementation
                  of investment decisions and no trading authority, including model portfolios and model-only separately managed accounts, and Putnam-designed custom indices that serve as the reference
                  benchmark for third-party insurance investment products (US$836 million at September 30, 2022 and US$412 million at December 31, 2021).
              3   At December 31, 2022, ending other AUM included US$22.1 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies (US$20.4 billion at September 30, 2022 and
                  US$22.8 billion at December 31, 2021).

              Putnam’s average other AUM for the three months ended December 31, 2022 were US$165.0 billion, a decrease of US$35.5 billion or 18%
              compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to the cumulative impact of lower equity and fixed income markets as well as net outflows.
              In-quarter mutual fund net asset outflows of US$1.6 billion were comparable with the same quarter last year while institutional net asset inflows
              were US$1.4 billion lower.
              Average other AUM for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased by US$21.6 billion to US$176.6 billion compared to the same
              period last year, for the same reason as the in-quarter results. Net asset outflows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were US$10.3
              billion compared to US$7.3 billion for the same period last year.




                                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report       65




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     B 49




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 49                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               United States Corporate Operating Results
                               U.S. Corporate consists of items not associated directly with or allocated to the United States business units, including the impact of certain non-
                               continuing items related to the U.S. segment.
                                                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31              Sept. 30            Dec. 31              Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                         2022                 2022                2021                 2022               2021

                               Base earnings (loss) 1                                                                               $             6      $          12       $            (24)   $              8    $         (28)

                               Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                   Transaction costs related to acquisitions                                                        $              –     $           25      $            (50)   $          (29)     $       (107)
                                   Restructuring and integration costs                                                                            (4)               (21)                    –               (37)              (11)
                               Net earnings (loss) – common shareholders                                                            $             2      $          16       $            (74)   $          (58)     $       (146)

                               Base earnings (loss) (US$) 1                                                                         $             4      $              9    $            (20)   $              5    $         (23)

                               Items excluded from base earnings (loss) (US$)
                                   Transaction costs related to acquisitions                                                        $              –     $           19      $            (40)   $          (24)     $         (86)
                                   Restructuring and integration costs                                                                            (3)               (16)                    –               (28)               (10)
                               Net earnings (loss) – common shareholders (US$)                                                      $             1      $          12       $            (60)   $          (47)     $       (119)


                               1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.

                               Net earnings
                               In the fourth quarter of 2022, net earnings were US$1 million compared to a net loss of US$60 million for the same period in the same quarter
                               last year, primarily due to lower transaction costs and the impact of changes in certain tax estimates. The fourth quarter of 2021 included US$39
                               million of additional contingent consideration expense related to the acquisition of Personal Capital.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the net loss decreased by US$72 million to US$47 million compared to the same period last
                               year. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of certain tax items as well as lower transaction costs, which were driven by a contingent

 PART B
                               consideration provision release of US$39 million related to Personal Capital in the third quarter of 2022. The twelve months ended December
                               31, 2021 included US$76 million of additional contingent consideration expense related to the acquisition of Personal Capital. These items were
                               partially offset by higher restructuring and integration costs related to the Prudential and MassMutual acquisitions.




                               66      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 50                                                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 50                                                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Outlook
              Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios at
              the beginning of this document.

              Financial Services
              Empower is positioned for significant growth opportunities with expertise and diversification across all plan types, company sizes and market
              segments. The acquisition of the full-service retirement business of Prudential in the first half of 2022 added significant expertise, a broader set
              of capabilities and an expanded product portfolio to Empower. Additionally, the acquisition further solidifies Empower’s position as the second
              largest player in the U.S. retirement market. The Financial Services business unit continues to examine opportunities to structure products and
              develop strategies to stimulate growth in AUM.
              In 2023, Empower’s strategies to drive sales growth will continue to include active marketing of the brand, investing in product differentiation and
              offering a best-in-class service model. In 2022, the integrations of Personal Capital and MassMutual were completed in the second half of the year.
              The Company realized further cost synergies related to the migration of MassMutual’s retirement services business onto Empower’s recordkeeping
              platform throughout 2022, while also beginning to realize cost synergies related to the migration of Prudential’s retirement services business in
              the second half of 2022. Additional cost synergies related to Prudential are anticipated to be realized throughout 2023 and the first half of 2024.
              In addition to those business integrations, it is expected that continued investments in improving customer web experience, including adding
              innovative capabilities and ease of service products, will be made in 2023. These efforts are expected to increase customer retention and ultimately
              increase participant retirement savings. Leveraging new capabilities from the acquisition of Personal Capital will allow Empower to continue to
              better integrate Prudential’s existing business of helping customers better understand their current financial needs through financial advice and
              goal setting.

              Asset Management
              Putnam remains committed to providing strong, long-term risk-adjusted investment performance across asset classes for its clients and investors
              in the mutual fund, institutional and retirement marketplaces.
              Putnam continues to focus efforts on driving growth and market share through new sales and asset retention in all of its businesses, including
              Global Institutional, PanAgora (Putnam’s quantitative institutional manager), U.S. Retail and Defined Contribution Investment Only, while




                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              maintaining its industry recognized reputation for service excellence.
              Innovation will remain a key differentiator in 2023 as Putnam further develops and refines its product offerings, service features and operational


                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
              functions, while seeking to bolster its corporate and brand image in the marketplace. As a cloud-first company, Putnam continues to increasingly
              utilize digital technology across its business to drive greater efficiencies and create opportunities.
              Putnam is also focused on managing firm-wide expenses as it seeks to further build a scalable and profitable asset management franchise.

              Europe
              The Europe segment is comprised of three distinct business units serving customers in the U.K., Ireland and Germany and offers protection and
              wealth management products, including payout annuity products. The U.K. and Germany business units operate under the Canada Life brand
              and the Ireland business unit operates under the Irish Life brand.


              Business Profile
              United Kingdom
              The core products offered by the U.K. business unit are bulk and individual payout annuities, equity release mortgages, investments (including
              life bonds, retirement drawdown and pension), and group insurance. These products are distributed through independent financial advisors and
              employee benefit consultants in the U.K. and by companies in the Isle of Man selling into the U.K. Canada Life Management (CLAM) is the U.K.’s
              fund management company managing a broad range of assets on behalf of the U.K. businesses and companies in the Lifeco group.

              Ireland
              The core products offered by Irish Life in Ireland are savings and investments, individual and group life insurance, health insurance and pension
              products. These products are distributed through independent brokers, a direct sales force and tied agent bank branches. Irish Life Health offers
              individual and corporate health plans, distributed through independent brokers and direct channels. Irish Life Investment Managers (ILIM)
              is one of the Company’s fund management operations in Ireland. In addition to managing assets on behalf of companies in the Lifeco group,
              ILIM also manages assets for a wide range of institutional clients including pension schemes, insurance companies, wealth managers, fiduciary
              managers and sovereign wealth funds across Europe and North America. Setanta Asset Management, a subsidiary of the Company, manages
              assets for third-party institutional clients and a number of companies in the Lifeco group. The Company also owns a number of leading employee
              benefits and wealth consultancy businesses in Ireland, serving over 300,000 customers.

              Germany
              The core products offered by the Germany business unit are individual and group pensions and life insurance products. These products are
              distributed through independent brokers and multi-tied agents.
                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    67




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 51




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 51                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Market Overview
                               Products and Services

                               Europe

                                   Market Position                                                     Products and Services                                          Distribution
                                   U.K.                                                                U.K.                                                           U.K.
                                   • Group life market share 23% 1                                     • Individual and bulk payout annuities                         • Financial advisors
                                   • Group income protection market share 14% 1                        • Fixed term annuities                                         • Private banks
                                   • Payout annuities market share 20% (Advisor                        • Individual savings and investments                           • Employee benefit consultants
                                     only) 2                                                             (retirement drawdown & pension, onshore &                    Ireland
                                   • A market leading international life company                         international bonds and collective investment                • Independent brokers
                                     selling into the U.K. market with over 23%                          funds)                                                       • Pensions and investment consultants
                                     market share 3                                                    • Group and individual life insurance                          • Direct sales force made up of primarily self
                                   • Among the top three in the onshore unit-                          • Group income protection (disability)                           employed tied agents and a smaller employed
                                     linked single premium bond market, with 9%                        • Group and individual critical illness                          sales team
                                     market share (Advisor only) 3                                     • Equity release mortgages                                     • Tied bank branch distribution
                                   • A leading company in the equity release                           Ireland                                                        • Direct digital and contact centre
                                     market with 18% market share 4                                    • Individual and group risk & pensions                         Germany
                                   Ireland                                                             • Individual and bulk payout annuities                         • Independent brokers
                                   • Life assurance market share 38% 5
                                                                                                       • Health insurance                                             • Multi-tied agents
                                   • ILIM is one of the largest institutional fund
                                                                                                       • Wealth management services
                                     managers in Ireland with €93 billion assets
                                                                                                       • Individual savings and investment
                                     under management 6
                                                                                                       • Institutional investment management
                                   • Third largest health insurance business
                                                                                                       Germany
                                     through Irish Life Health with a market share




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                       • Pensions
                                     of 21% 5
                                                                                                       • Income protection (disability)
                                   Germany


 PART B
                                   • 4% share of the broker market 6                                   • Critical illness
                                                                                                       • Variable annuities (GMWB)
                                                                                                       • Individual life insurance
                               1    As at December 31, 2021.
                               2    Market share based on third quarter 2022 data through financial advisors, restricted whole market advisors and non-advised distributor.
                               3    Market share position is based on sales for the twelve month period ended September 30, 2022.
                               4    Equity Release Council market statistics for the fourth quarter of 2021 to the third quarter of 2022.
                               5    As at September 30, 2022.
                               6    As at December 31, 2022.




                               68      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 52                                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 52                                                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Competitive Conditions

              United Kingdom
              In the U.K., the Company has strong market positions for payout annuities, wealth management and group risk, where it is a market leader.
              Combined sales from the onshore and international wealth management businesses puts Canada Life as one of the top investment bond
              providers in the U.K.
              For individual annuities, the Company has benefited in recent years from an increase in the proportion of customers seeking the best price in the
              open market, increasing the proportion of customers buying annuities through financial advisors, which are the Company’s primary distribution
              channel. The Company continues to offer both standard and enhanced annuities as well as investment based pension and drawdown products
              for customers wanting to take advantage of pension flexibility. The Company is well positioned for further growth in the retirement retail market,
              supported by its equity release mortgage expertise, which is an important part of the retirement market. Adverse financial market conditions in
              the U.K. led to a temporary suspension of equity release mortgage applications in late September of 2022. These applications recommenced in
              November of 2022. The Company also offers bulk annuities aimed at trustees of defined benefits plans who want to insure pension annuities in
              payment. This is a large and growing market and demand from trustees remains strong as they consider ways to reduce risk. With considerable
              expertise and experience in longevity and investment products, the Company is well placed in the bulk annuity market.
              In November of 2022, the Company announced its exit from the U.K.’s individual protection market to refocus on the group protection and
              international protection markets. Future estate planning continues to be an area of focus for U.K. advisors and Canada Life International remains
              one of the leading companies in this sector of the market.
              Canada Life Asset Management (CLAM) is based in the U.K. with approximately £37 billion of assets under management, as at December 31,
              2022. CLAM’s core fund management solutions include a broad asset sourcing capability that supports its institutional client mandates, bulk
              annuity and reinsurance customers and retail collective funds. CLAM distributes its products through a network of platforms, discretionary fund
              managers and financial advisors.

              Ireland
              The Company is the largest life assurance company in Ireland with a market share of 38% as at September 30, 2022. Irish Life follows a multi-
              channel distribution strategy with a large broker distribution network, the largest direct sales force and the largest Bancassurance distribution




                                                                                                                                                                             GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              network where it has tied relationships with five banks. Two of the smaller banks are currently in the process of winding down their Irish
              operations and will formally exit from the Irish market in 2023.
              ILIM is one of Ireland’s largest institutional fund managers with approximately €93 billion of assets under management, as at December 31,

                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B
              2022. ILIM continues to expand its real estate offerings, broaden its ESG capabilities, evolve its asset and liability management and focus on bulk
              annuity services to large defined benefit pension schemes.
              Setanta Asset Management had approximately €13 billion of assets under management as at December 31, 2022.
              Irish Life Health has a top three position in the Irish market and provides access to healthcare through its health insurance plans, offering
              preventative health benefits through a combination of innovative digital and in-person services.
              The intermediary division of Irish Life provides employee benefits and wealth consultancy to individuals and companies in Ireland through a
              number of specialist intermediary firms.

              Germany
              The Company has a leading position among providers of low guarantee unitized products to the German independent intermediary market. The
              move of insurance companies from traditional German insurance products with guarantees to the unitized lighter guarantee product categories
              that Canada Life offers continues, increasing the level of competition. The Company has enhanced its ongoing product, technology and service
              improvements to help strengthen its position in the competitive German market.




                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    69




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                            B 53




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 53                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               2022 Developments
                               • The Company continued to advance its digital capabilities to serve advisors and clients:
                                    º    During the first quarter of 2022, Canada Life U.K. announced the launch of its redesigned Home Finance Adviser Portal which allows
                                         advisers streamlined access to obtain quotes, submit applications and track case progress conveniently using the custom-built portal.
                                         Additionally, the Simplified Platform Programme launched Customer Online Access which marks the successful completion of a major
                                         commitment the wealth business had made toward key adviser relationships.
                                    º    In the second quarter of 2022, Irish Life invested in a minority shareholding in U.K. based financial technology company Multiply.AI
                                         (Multiply), enabling Irish Life to design and build compliant digital customer journeys specific to the Irish market.
                               • The Company’s commitment to sustainability were further evidenced:
                                    º    From April 2022, Canada Life U.K.’s Potters Bar and London offices have been supplied with 100% renewable REGO-certified electricity
                                         (Renewable Energy Guarantees of Origin), making the carbon emissions from electricity in these offices effectively zero.
                                    º    Canada Life Asset Management supported a regeneration plan in the North of England and agreed to fund the development of two
                                         Grade-A office buildings for £75 million.
                               • The Company expanded its product and service capabilities:
                                    º    In the third quarter of 2022, Irish Life entered into a new partnership with Centric Health Primary Care Limited, a leading Irish primary
                                         care provider. The partnership agreement received regulatory approval during the fourth quarter of 2022 with the newly established joint
                                         venture named Care Connect.
                                    º    In the third quarter of 2022, Canada Life Asset Management launched the LF Canlife Sterling Short Term Bond Fund which broadens
                                         options for investors with short and medium-term cash requirements. The fund aims to provide a stable income by investing in sterling-
                                         denominated short-term fixed income and variable rate bonds, including money market instruments.
                               • Adverse financial market conditions in the U.K. led to a temporary suspension of equity release mortgage applications in late September.
                                 Applications recommenced in November with interest rate increases reducing both the total market size and the average case size.
                               • During the year, the Company received the following rankings:
                                    º    The recent group protection industry survey ‘Group Watch 2022’ from Swiss Re confirmed Canada Life U.K. as the leading provider by in-




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         force premium, policies and lives insured.
                                    º    Assekurata Assekuranz Rating-Agentur GmbH, a German financial strength rating agency, raised the credit rating of Canada Life


 PART B
                                         Assurance Europe plc, a subsidiary of Canada Life, from AA- to AA, making Canada Life one of the highest rated life insurance companies
                                         in Germany.
                               • Strategic Transactions Update:
                                    º    In the second quarter of 2021, a 50:50 joint venture agreement was reached by Allied Irish Banks plc (AIB) and Canada Life Irish Holding
                                         Company Limited to form a new life assurance company. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company incurred transaction costs of $3
                                         million ($18 million incurred to date) related to this agreement. In December 2022, the joint venture agreement received authorization in
                                         principle from the Central Bank of Ireland.
                                    º    In Q4 2022, Irish Life completed the portfolio transfer of Ark Life, which was integrated into ILA’s Retail division effective October 1,
                                         2022. This follows the purchase of Ark Life on November 1, 2021 by Irish Life Group Limited. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Ark Life
                                         Assurance Company dac changed its legal name to Irish Life Ark Dublin dac.




                               70       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 54                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 54                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Selected Financial Information – Europe
                                                                                                                                    For the three months ended                        For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                         Dec. 31               Sept. 30           Dec. 31              Dec. 31             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                          2022                  2022               2021                 2022                2021

              Base earnings (loss) 1
                  United Kingdom                                                                                     $          153        $         105     $         110        $         497        $        366
                  Ireland                                                                                                        59                   65                67                  267                 288
                  Germany                                                                                                        37                   37                41                  156                 196
                  Europe Corporate                                                                                              (10)                  (7)               (5)                 (28)                (20)
              Base earnings (loss) 1                                                                                 $          239        $         200     $         213        $         892        $        830

              Items excluded from base earnings
                  Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions 2                                        $             37      $           69    $           46       $         117        $        186
                  Market-related impacts on liabilities 2                                                                          16                 (15)               18                  (5)                 19
                  Transaction costs related to acquisitions                                                                        (5)                 (5)              (24)                (20)                (24)
                  Tax legislative changes impact                                                                                    –                   –                 –                   –                 (21)
                  Net gain/charge on business dispositions                                                                          –                   –               (14)                  –                 (14)
              Net earnings – common shareholders                                                                     $          287        $         249     $         239        $         984        $        976
              Sales 2
                   Insurance                                                                                         $        887          $         966     $         909        $       3,975        $      4,202
                  Wealth Management                                                                                         5,551                  5,616             5,584               23,305              22,411
              Sales 2                                                                                                $      6,438          $       6,582     $       6,493        $      27,280        $     26,613
              Wealth and investment only net cash flows 2
                  United Kingdom                                                                                     $          190        $         198     $          42        $         827        $        348
                  Ireland                                                                                                       856                  309             1,354                3,207               3,085
                  Germany                                                                                                       174                  170               266                  820                 925




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Wealth and investment only net cash flows 2                                                            $      1,220          $         677     $       1,662        $       4,854        $      4,358
              Fee and other income
                   United Kingdom                                                                                    $           40        $          37     $          42        $         166        $        175

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
                   Ireland                                                                                                      180                  174               200                  733                 772
                   Germany                                                                                                      108                  101               122                  435                 468
              Fee and other income                                                                                   $          328        $         312     $         364        $       1,334        $      1,415


              Total assets                                                                                           $ 179,274             $ 165,283         $ 200,899
                   Other assets under management 2                                                                      50,539                46,749            60,480
              Total assets under management 1                                                                            229,813                212,032           261,379
                   Other assets under administration 2,3                                                                  11,345                 10,640            12,360
              Total assets under administration 2                                                                    $ 241,158             $ 222,672         $ 273,739

              1   This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
              2   Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
              3   At December 31, 2022, other assets under administration excludes $10.8 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies ($10.0 billion at September 30, 2022
                  and $10.8 billion at December 31, 2021).




                                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report           71




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                         B 55




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 55                                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Base and net earnings
                               In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Europe segment’s net earnings of $287 million increased by $48 million compared to the same quarter last
                               year. Base earnings of $239 million increased by $26 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to favourable investment
                               experience in the U.K. and Ireland as well as favourable longevity experience in the U.K. These items were partially offset by less favourable
                               morbidity experience in Ireland, the unfavourable impact of currency movement, and the non-recurrence of changes to certain tax estimates in
                               the U.K. in the prior year.
                               Items excluded from base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2022 were positive $48 million compared to positive $26 million for the same quarter
                               last year. The increase was primarily due to lower transaction costs, including contingent consideration provisions, related to acquisitions
                               in Ireland and a net charge on business disposition in the prior year. These items were partially offset by lower contributions from actuarial
                               assumption changes and other management actions. Market-related impacts on liabilities were comparable to the same quarter last year as
                               reductions in property market values in the U.K. were mostly offset by favourable impacts on investment guarantee business and positive interest
                               rate impacts in Ireland.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net earnings increased by $8 million to $984 million compared to the same period last year.
                               Base earnings of $892 million increased by $62 million compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to favourable
                               investment experience in the U.K. and Ireland, higher fee income and favourable mortality experience in Ireland. The increase was partially offset
                               by unfavourable longevity experience in the U.K., the unfavourable impact of currency movement, and the non-recurrence of a 2021 pension
                               settlement gain in Ireland.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, items excluded from base earnings decreased by $54 million to $92 million, primarily due
                               to lower contributions from actuarial assumption changes and other management actions as well as unfavourable market-related impacts
                               driven by the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. The twelve months ended December 31, 2021 included unfavourable impacts
                               of tax legislative changes on deferred tax liabilities as well as lower transaction costs, including contingent consideration provisions, related to
                               acquisitions in Ireland, and a net charge on business disposition in Corporate.

                               Sales
                               Sales for the fourth quarter of 2022 decreased by $0.1 billion to $6.4 billion compared to the same quarter last year. Higher fund management
                               and bulk annuity sales in Ireland were more than offset by lower bulk annuity sales in the U.K., lower wealth management sales in Ireland and




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Germany as well as the impact of currency movement.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, sales increased by $0.7 billion to $27.3 billion compared to last year, primarily due to higher
                               fund management sales in Ireland, higher wealth management sales in Ireland and the U.K., growth in equity release mortgage sales in the U.K.

 PART B
                               as well as bulk annuity sales in Ireland. These items were partially offset by lower bulk annuity sales in the U.K. and lower wealth management
                               sales in Germany and the impact of currency movement.
                               In the fourth quarter of 2022, wealth and investment only net cash inflows were $1,220 million compared to net inflows of $1,662 million for
                               the same quarter last year. The decrease was primarily due to higher fund management outflows in Ireland. For the twelve months ended
                               December 31, 2022, net cash inflows were $4,854 million compared to $4,358 million for the same period last year, primarily due to higher wealth
                               management sales in Ireland and the U.K.

                               Fee and other income
                               Fee and other income for the fourth quarter of 2022 decreased by $36 million to $328 million compared to the same quarter last year. The
                               decrease was primarily due to lower management fees on segregated fund assets and other management fees in Ireland and Germany as well as
                               the impact of currency movement.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, fee and other income decreased by $81 million to $1,334 million compared to the same period
                               last year. Higher management fees on segregated fund assets and other management fees across all business units were more than offset by the
                               impact of currency movement.




                               72   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                       B 56                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 56                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Outlook
              Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
              at the beginning of this document.

              United Kingdom
              The retail payout annuities market is expected to show modest growth in the medium to long-term. Some individuals have chosen to remain
              invested in the market while drawing pension income rather than buying a payout annuity; however, the Company expects that the attractiveness
              of guaranteed income from annuities will remain a key part of customers’ retirement planning in the future. The Company expects the opportunity
              to grow its payout annuity business in line with the expected growth in the overall retirement market given the higher interest rate environment.
              The overall size of the retirement market continues to grow as more employers transition from defined benefit to defined contribution pension
              plans, with significant growth expected in equity release mortgages, pension consolidation and income drawdown. The Company plans to
              continue to develop products for individuals who require additional pension flexibility and to further develop its presence in the bulk annuity
              market where trustees of defined benefit schemes want to remove risk by insuring pension liabilities near to or already in payment.
              Canada Life continues to be a key player in the single premium investment bond marketplace. Canada Life plans to continue to develop its
              presence in both the international and onshore market segments. The Company’s distribution strategy for onshore will remain focused on
              financial advisors. In the international wealth management segment, the outlook is cautiously optimistic, with the majority of the Company’s
              business growth expected to be through discretionary fund management wealth advisors, the retail market and through tax and estate planning
              products.
              The Group protection business remains the market leader and the Company believes that this market share position will facilitate continued
              growth in premium income. The Company anticipates employment contraction arising from the U.K. economy entering recession, although it
              does not expect material impacts on earnings due to the offsetting impact of wage inflation.

              Ireland
              Irish Life’s vision to be “Ireland’s home of Health and Wealth” continues to progress strongly driven by a number of innovation and transformation
              initiatives across the Irish business unit. The Company also continues to expand its Wealth & Intermediary Division.
              The Irish business is accruing benefits from being a collaborative, centrally connected, inquisitive and digitally enabled organization that embraces




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              technology for the benefit of all its stakeholders. In 2022 it has again actively reviewed and amended its strategy to accelerate developments that
              help its customers and advisers face the challenges presented by the current economic climate. The launch of the MyIrishLife digital portal


                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
              presents existing and new Irish Life customers a best-in-market view of our services and products.
              Irish Life continues to expand its well-being offering in line with the Company’s commitment to support its customers, employees and wider
              community in managing their mental, physical and financial well-being. In 2022, Irish Life Health exceeded 500,000 customers and as a group,
              its insurance companies now serve more than 1.5 million adult customers.
              The Company’s broadly diversified product portfolio, distribution channels and target market segments have helped it adapt successfully to
              the economic challenges presented in the post-pandemic world, and position it well in relation to opportunities expected to be present in the
              Irish economy in 2023. Further evidence of Irish Life’s strong positioning can be seen from its high customer satisfaction scores and the current
              market-leading position it holds with ILA now having a 38% market share.

              Germany
              The outlook for the German business continues to be positive and the Company expects growth in its share of the market and assets under
              management as the German economy improves during 2023. The Company has positioned itself to further strengthen its presence in the unit-
              linked market through increased investments in product development, distribution technology and service improvements.
              The Company will focus on the independent intermediary distribution channel and has a strong distribution technology platform in Germany,
              which offers considerable service flexibility.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    73




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 57




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 57                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Capital and Risk Solutions
                               The Capital and Risk Solutions segment of Lifeco includes the operating results of the Reinsurance business unit which operates primarily in the
                               U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland, together with an allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s corporate results. Capital and Risk Solutions Corporate
                               includes the results for the segment’s legacy international businesses.


                               Business Profile
                               Reinsurance
                               Reinsurance provides capital and risk solutions and operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. In the U.S., the reinsurance
                               business operates through a branch of Canada Life, subsidiaries of Canada Life and a subsidiary of Empower. In Barbados, the reinsurance
                               business operates primarily through a branch of Canada Life and subsidiaries of Canada Life. In Bermuda and Ireland, the reinsurance business
                               operates through a subsidiary of Canada Life.
                               The Company’s business includes both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or through reinsurance brokers. As
                               a retrocessionaire, the Company provides reinsurance to other reinsurers to enable those companies to manage their insurance risk.
                               The product portfolio offered by the Company includes life, health, annuity/longevity, mortgage surety and property catastrophe reinsurance,
                               provided on both a proportional and non-proportional basis.
                               In addition to providing reinsurance products to third parties, the Company also utilizes internal reinsurance transactions between companies
                               in the Lifeco group. These transactions are undertaken to better manage insurance risks relating to retention, volatility and concentration; and to
                               facilitate capital management for the Company, its subsidiaries and branch operations. These internal reinsurance transactions produce benefits
                               that are reflected in one or more of the Company’s other business units.


                               Market Overview
                               Products and Services




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Reinsurance

                                   Market Position                                   Products and Services                                  Distribution

 PART B
                                   • 4th largest reinsurer worldwide by premium      Life, Health and Annuity                               • Independent reinsurance brokers
                                     volume 1                                        • Yearly renewable term                                • Direct placements
                                   • Largest life reinsurer worldwide by premium     • Co-insurance
                                     volume 1                                        • Modified co-insurance
                                   • Leading provider of structured reinsurance      • Risk & capital management solutions
                                     solutions in the U.S. and Europe markets        Longevity
                                   • Leading provider of U.K. and European           • Longevity swaps
                                     longevity reinsurance                           • Capital management solutions
                                   • Ranked 8th for traditional mortality            Mortgage and Surety Reinsurance
                                     reinsurance in the U.S in terms of market       • Stop loss and quota share
                                     share 1
                                                                                     Property and Casualty
                                   • Long-standing provider of a range of property   • Catastrophe retrocession
                                     and casualty catastrophe retrocession
                                                                                     • Capital management solutions
                                     coverages
                                                                                     Funded reinsurance
                                                                                     • Coinsurance of life and annuity blocks with
                                                                                       assets
                               1    As at December 31, 2021.




                               74      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 58                                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 58                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Competitive Conditions
              In the U.S. life reinsurance market, insurers continue to view reinsurance as an important tool for risk and capital management. Several
              competitors are now focusing on growing their market share, which resulted in increased competition. Nevertheless, a biennial independent
              industry survey released in October 2021 confirmed that the Company remains one of the top two providers of risk and capital management
              solutions in the U.S. market. The Company’s financial strength and ability to offer risk and capital solutions and traditional mortality reinsurance
              continues to be a competitive advantage.
              In Europe, Solvency II dominates the regulatory landscape and interest in reinsurance solutions that produce capital benefits continues to grow.
              Demand for longevity reinsurance remains strong in the U.K., the Netherlands and other continental European countries. As a result, there are
              now more reinsurers participating in the European market.


              2022 Developments
              • The Capital and Risk Solutions segment continued to grow by providing tailored solutions to customers while increasing diversification within
                the portfolio. During 2022, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment expanded its international presence in targeted new markets, including
                Asia, while continuing to focus on core markets and product expansion in Europe and the U.S.
              • The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to potential claims
                arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events. The Company has been closely following the impacts of Hurricane Ian, which
                caused a high level of insured losses. The Company’s net earnings for the third quarter of 2022 included a $128 million after-tax provision
                primarily relating to estimated claims net of reinstatement premiums on these coverages. The Company’s loss estimate is based on currently
                available information and the exercise of judgment and may change as additional information becomes available.

              Selected Financial Information – Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                    For the three months ended                          For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                         Dec. 31               Sept. 30              Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                          2022                  2022                  2021                2022               2021

              Base earnings (loss) 1




                                                                                                                                                                                                                           GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                  Reinsurance                                                                                        $          190        $               3    $         147       $         540       $        552
                  Capital and Risk Solutions Corporate                                                                           (3)                      (2)              (2)                 (8)                (5)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B
              Base earnings (loss) 1                                                                                 $          187        $              1     $         145       $         532       $        547

              Items excluded from base earnings
                  Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions 2                                                      10                119                   (12)               129                 (15)
                  Market-related impact on liabilities 2                                                                           14                 (5)                    –                  1                   –
              Net earnings – common shareholders                                                                     $          211        $         115        $         133       $         662       $        532

              Total net premiums
                   Reinsurance                                                                                       $      8,446          $       7,205        $       7,216       $      31,711       $     29,514
                   Capital and Risk Solutions Corporate                                                                         6                      6                    6                  20                 19
              Total net premiums                                                                                     $      8,452          $       7,211        $       7,222       $      31,731       $     29,533

              Total assets 3                                                                                         $     16,346          $     15,265         $      17,396

              1   This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
              2   Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
              3   The Capital and Risk Solutions segment does not have assets under management or other assets under administration.




                                                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         75




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                           B 59




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 59                                                                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Base and net earnings
                               In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment’s net earnings of $211 million increased by $78 million compared to the
                               same quarter last year. Base earnings of $187 million increased by $42 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to strong
                               new business growth, favourable longevity experience and improved claims experience on the U.S. life business. The increase was partially offset
                               by the impact of currency movement.
                               Items excluded from base earnings were positive $24 million compared to negative $12 million for the same quarter last year. The fourth quarter
                               of 2022 included positive contributions from insurance contract liability basis changes and a decrease in actuarial liabilities on a legacy block of
                               business with investment performance guarantees.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net earnings increased by $130 million to $662 million compared to the same period last year.
                               Base earnings of $532 million decreased by $15 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the net provision for estimated
                               claims resulting from the impact of Hurricane Ian of $128 million after-tax recorded in the third quarter of 2022, mostly offset by business growth,
                               favourable longevity experience and improved claims experience on the U.S. life business. The third quarter of 2021 also included a provision
                               for major weather events for $61 million.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, items excluded from base earnings increased by $145 million to positive $130 million compared
                               to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

                               Total net premiums
                               Reinsurance premiums can vary significantly from period to period depending on the terms of underlying treaties. For certain life reinsurance
                               transactions, premiums will vary based on the form of the transaction. Treaties where insurance contract liabilities are assumed on a proportionate
                               basis will typically have significantly higher premiums than treaties where claims are not incurred by the reinsurer until a threshold is exceeded.
                               Earnings are not directly correlated to premiums received.
                               Total net premiums for the fourth quarter of 2022 of $8.5 billion increased by $1.2 billion compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due
                               to new business in the current period.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, total net premiums increased by $2.2 billion to $31.7 billion compared to the same period last
                               year, primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Outlook


 PART B
                               Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                               at the beginning of this document.
                               The U.S. health individual market continues to create expanded opportunities for reinsurance.
                               The Company’s Reinsurance business unit continues to help European clients and other affiliated companies meet these capital challenges
                               through innovative reinsurance solutions. Demand for longevity reinsurance remains strong and will remain a focus for 2023.
                               Internationally, Canada Life continued to explore opportunities where the Company’s reinsurance solutions can support clients in new
                               geographies and executed a number of value generating transactions. Measured international expansion will remain a focus in 2023.
                               2022 was the sixth consecutive year of significant hurricane and flood events. The Company expects 2023 retrocessional pricing to continue to
                               increase. Insurance linked securities capacity has decreased due to trapped collateral from 2017 to 2022 events, together with a lower appetite
                               for these risks. The Company’s primary focus in the property catastrophe market for 2023 will be to continue to support the core client base with
                               prudent attachment levels and risk adjusted premiums.

                               Lifeco Corporate Operating Results
                               The Lifeco Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business units of
                               the Company.
                               In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Lifeco Corporate segment’s net loss was $14 million compared to a net loss of $6 million for the same period last
                               year, primarily due to higher operating expenses driven by variable compensation expenses, partially offset by higher net investment income.
                               There were no differences between net loss and base loss for the fourth quarter of 2022.
                               For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Lifeco Corporate segment’s net loss was $3 million compared to a net loss of $66 million
                               for the same period last year. Base loss of $3 million decreased by $5 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to higher net
                               investment income and lower operating expenses. Items excluded from base earnings were nil compared to negative $58 million for the same
                               period last year, primarily due to a provision in the prior year for payments relating to the Company’s 2003 acquisition of Canada Life.




                               76   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 60                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 60                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Risk Management

              Overview
              As a diverse financial services company, the effective management of risk is integral to the success of the Company’s business. The Company is
              committed to a comprehensive system of risk management, which is embedded across all business activities, operated through a three lines of
              defense organization and overseen by the Board of Directors. The Company’s three lines of defense include business unit and support functions,
              oversight functions including actuarial, finance, risk and compliance, and the Company’s internal audit function. The Company has a prudent
              and measured approach to risk management. This approach is built on a strong risk culture and is guided by an integrated Enterprise Risk
              Management (ERM) Framework.
              The Company’s ERM Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk appetite, informs and improves the deployment of
              capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of exposure to possible losses and risks. The Company’s Risk Function
              is responsible for developing and maintaining the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and risk limit structure, and
              provides independent risk oversight across the Company’s operations.
              There are three main sections to this Risk Management disclosure: ERM Framework, Risk Management and Control Practices and Exposures
              and Sensitivities.


              Enterprise Risk Management Framework
              The Company’s Board and Management Committees provide oversight of the ERM Framework which is comprised of five components: Risk
              Culture, Risk Governance, RAF, Risk Processes and Risk Infrastructure & Policies.




                                               • Board Committees                                                   • Risk Strategy




                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                               • Senior Management                                                  • Risk Appetite
                                                 Committees                                                           Statement
                                               • 3 Lines of Defense                                                 • Risk Preferences


                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
                                                                                                                    • Risk Limit
                                                                          Risk                      Risk Appetite     Framework
                                                                          Governance                Framework




                                                                                         Risk Culture


                                                                          Risk
                                                                          Infrastucture                 Risk
                                                                          and Policies                  Processes   • Identification
                                               • Risk Policies                                                      • Measurement
                                               • Risk systems                                                       • Management
                                               • Operating standards                                                • Monitoring
                                                 and guidelines                                                     • Reporting




                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    77




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B 61




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 61                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Risk Culture
                               Risk culture is defined as the system of norms, values, attitudes and behaviours that influences and informs risk decision-making. Our risk
                               culture reflects the Company’s collective sense of responsibility to fulfill our commitments and promises to our stakeholders. Our risk culture is
                               guided by our corporate purpose and core values with a customer first approach. We safeguard our financial strength and strong reputation while
                               growing shareholder value in a manner that balances the interests of all stakeholders.
                               This culture is instilled through a mindset of risk awareness as demonstrated by:
                               • Consistent tone from the Board, senior management and throughout the organization in respect of behavioural and ethical expectations, and
                                 alignment of business decisions with business strategies, corporate purpose, core values and risk appetite
                               • Recognition that risk is inherent in our business success and reflects opportunity when appropriately managed
                               • Individual and shared commitment to the importance of continuous management of risk, including clear accountability for and ownership of
                                 specific risks and risk areas
                               • Rewarding of positive risk taking and management behaviours while challenging and remediating those that are inconsistent with corporate
                                 purpose, core values or risk appetite
                               • Encouragement of risk event reporting and the presence of robust whistleblowing processes, actively seeking to learn from mistakes and
                                 near misses
                               • Accountability to all stakeholders
                               • Recognition that risk management is a responsibility of all employees, officers and directors, both individually and collectively; risk
                                 management skills and knowledge are developed and core to our ongoing success; effective challenge is expected and respected across all
                                 business operations and all three lines of defense. Oversight and assurance functions are valued and appropriately resourced throughout
                                 the organization

                               Risk Governance
                               Risk governance sets out the roles and responsibilities for the Board of Directors (Board) and Board Committees.

                               Board of Directors




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               The mandate of the Board, which it discharges directly or through one of its Committees, is to supervise the management of the business and
                               affairs of the Company. The Board is ultimately accountable and responsible for the governance and oversight of risk throughout the Company.


 PART B
                               The Board annually approves the strategic goals, objectives, plans and initiatives for Lifeco, and in so doing reviews the risks associated with
                               Lifeco’s diverse business, strategic goals and high priority initiatives. Key risk responsibilities include:
                               • Approving the ERM Policy and RAF;
                               • Monitoring the implementation and maintenance by management of appropriate systems, policies, procedures and controls to manage the
                                 risks associated with the Company’s businesses and operations;
                               • Annually approving Lifeco’s business, financial and capital plans and monitoring the implementation by management thereof;
                               • Upon the recommendation of the Risk Committee, adopting a Code of Conduct applicable to Directors, officers and employees of the Company;
                               • Periodically approving policies designed to support independence of the Risk, Finance, Actuarial and Compliance oversight functions as well
                                 as the Internal Audit assurance function; and
                               • Overseeing the Company’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy, monitoring management’s execution against this strategy
                                 and reviewing the related impacts, risks, initiatives and reporting.

                               Risk Committee
                               The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for assisting the Board with risk management oversight and governance throughout
                               the Company. The Risk Committee’s responsibilities include:
                               • Review and oversight of the ERM Policy and RAF;
                               • Review, approval and oversight of the credit, market and liquidity, insurance, operational, conduct, strategic and other risk policies;
                               • Approval of the risk limit framework, associated risk limits and monitoring adherence to those limits;
                               • Approval of the organizational and reporting structures, budget and resources of the Risk and Compliance functions;
                               • Discussion of the risks in aggregate and by type of risk, including actions taken or planned to mitigate those risks where appropriate;
                               • Review relevant reports including stress testing and Financial Condition Testing;
                               • Review and approval of the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) Report;
                               • Periodic approval of the Recovery Plan Playbook;
                               • Advise the Board of any developments that would materially alter the risk profile;
                               • Review of the risk impact of business strategies, capital plans, financial plans and new business initiatives;
                               • Review and approval of the mandate for and assessment of the performance of the Company’s CRO, CCO and the effectiveness of the Risk and
                                 Compliance functions;


                               78   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 62                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 62                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              • Review and monitoring of compliance with the Company’s Code of Conduct;
              • Periodic consideration and input regarding the relationships between risk and compensation; and
              • Review and assessment of the effectiveness of risk management across the Company including processes to ensure effective identification,
                measurement, management, monitoring and reporting on significant current and emerging risks.
              The Risk Committee is required to meet, at least annually, with the Audit Committee and with the Company’s Chief Internal Auditor. The Risk
              Committee meets with the Investment Committee as appropriate. Members of the Risk Committee are independent of management.
              Audit Committee – The primary mandate of the Audit Committee is to review the financial statements of the Company and public disclosure
              containing financial information and to report on such reviews to the Board, to be satisfied that adequate procedures are in place for the review
              of the Company’s public disclosures containing financial information and to oversee the work and review the independence of the external
              auditor. The Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing, evaluating and approving the internal control procedures that are implemented
              and maintained by management. The Audit Committee meets as often as necessary to discharge its duties and responsibilities and meets at least
              annually with the Risk Committee. Members of the Audit Committee are independent of management.
              Conduct Review Committee – The primary mandate of the Conduct Review Committee is to require management to establish satisfactory
              procedures for the consideration and approval of transactions with related parties and to review and, if deemed appropriate, to approve related
              party transactions in accordance with such procedures. Members of the Conduct Review Committee are independent of management.
              Governance and Nominating Committee – The primary mandate of the Governance and Nominating Committee is to oversee the Company’s
              approach to governance matters, to recommend to the Board effective corporate governance policies and processes, to assess the effectiveness
              of the Board, Board Committees and the Directors and to recommend to the Board candidates for election as Directors and candidates for
              appointment to Board Committees.
              Human Resources Committee – The primary mandate of the Human Resources Committee is to support the Board in its oversight of
              compensation, talent management and succession planning. This includes the responsibility to approve compensation policies, to review the
              designs of major compensation programs, to approve compensation arrangements and any benefit or perquisite plan for senior executives of the
              Company and to recommend to the Board compensation arrangements for the Directors and for the President and Chief Executive Officer. The
              mandate also includes the responsibility to review succession plans for the President and Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives,
              to review talent management programs and initiatives and to review the leadership capabilities required to support the advancement of the
              Company’s strategic objectives. The Human Resources Committee is also responsible for considering the implications of the risks associated with




                                                                                                                                                                            GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              the Company’s compensation policies, plans and practices and in doing so meets annually with the Chief Risk Officer. The Human Resources
              Committee also meets with the Risk Committee on an as needed basis.


                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
              Investment Committee – The primary mandate of the Investment Committee is to oversee the Company’s global investment strategy and
              activities, including approving the Company’s Investment Policy and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the Investment Policy. The
              global investment strategy includes climate-related transition risks and opportunities such as cleaner energy sectors that could impact our
              investment growth strategies. The mandate also includes reviewing the Company’s annual investment plan and monitoring emerging risks,
              market trends and performance, investment regulatory issues and any other matters relevant to the oversight of the Company’s global investment
              function. The Investment Committee meets as often as necessary to discharge its duties and responsibilities and meets with the Risk Committee
              as appropriate.
              Reinsurance Committee – The primary mandate of the Reinsurance Committee is to advise on the Company’s reinsurance transactions. The
              mandate also includes reviewing and approving management’s recommendations with respect to policies applicable to reinsurance.

              Senior Management Risk Committees
              The Executive Risk Management Committee (ERMC) is the primary senior management committee that oversees all forms of risk and the
              implementation of the ERM Framework. The members are the CEO, the heads of each major business segment, the heads of key oversight
              functions and heads of support functions as appropriate. The Company’s CRO leads the Risk Function and chairs the ERMC. Its responsibilities
              include reviewing compliance with the RAF, risk policies and risk standards. It also assesses the risk impact of business strategies, capital and
              financial plans and material initiatives. The Board Risk Committee delegates authority for the approval and management of lower level risk limits
              to the ERMC. The following three enterprise-wide sub-committees, chaired by the Risk Function, report to the ERMC to provide advice and
              recommendations on each of the key risk categories:
              • Market and Credit Risk Committee
              • Insurance Risk Committee
              • Operational Risk Committee
              The oversight responsibilities of the above Committees include identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of their
              respective risks. In addition, each business segment has established its own executive risk management committee providing oversight for all
              forms of risk and the implementation of the ERM Framework.




                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    79




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           B 63




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 63                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Accountabilities
                               The Company has adopted a Three Lines of Defense model to clearly segregate risk management and risk oversight responsibilities and applies
                               the ERM Framework rigorously across the enterprise.
                               • First Line: Business units and business support functions, including Investment Management, Human Resources, Information Services and
                                 Legal, are the ultimate owners of risk and have primary risk management as well as risk-taking responsibility and accountability through day-
                                 to-day operations within ongoing business processes.
                               • Second Line: The Risk Function has the primary and overall responsibility and accountability for independent oversight and effective
                                 challenge of risk-taking and risk management of the first line of defense. In this role, the Risk Function receives support from other oversight
                                 functions including Actuarial, Compliance and Finance; and
                               • Third Line: Internal Audit is responsible for independent assurance of the adequacy of the design and operational effectiveness of the
                                 Company’s ERM Framework.
                               The Company’s CRO reports directly, both to the President and Chief Executive Officer and to the Board Risk Committee. The CRO is responsible
                               for ensuring that the Risk Function is appropriately resourced and effective in executing its responsibilities. The accountabilities of the CRO
                               include reporting on compliance with the ERM Policy and RAF as well as for escalating matters that require attention.
                               Business segment ERMCs monitor all risk categories for businesses and operations within their respective business segments. Risk resources
                               and capabilities are aligned with the Company’s business segments and operating units and further support is provided by centrally based risk
                               areas of expertise.
                               Although the Company takes steps to anticipate and minimize risks in general, no risk management framework can guarantee that all risks will
                               be identified, appreciated or mitigated effectively. Unforeseen future events may have a negative impact on the Company’s business, financial
                               condition and results of operations.


                               Risk Appetite Framework
                               The Company has an articulated Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) that includes the following elements along with the associated
                               governance structure:




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               • Risk Strategy: Risk philosophy of the Company that links to the business strategy
                               • Risk Appetite Statement: Reflects the aggregate level of risk and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its
                                 business objectives

 PART B
                               • Risk Preference: Qualitative description of risk tolerances
                               • Risk Limit Framework: Quantitative components of the RAF including excess and escalation process

                               Risk Strategy
                               Our main purpose is to help our customers achieve financial security and well-being while keeping our commitments and growing shareholder
                               value. Effective and efficient risk management is key to achieving these aims. This is achieved by:
                               • Establishing a risk awareness culture that is ingrained in all business activities with a risk governance model based on three lines of defense.
                                 Business units have full accountability for all risk-taking decisions. The Risk Function has primary responsibility for independent risk oversight
                                 and effective challenge within the second line of defense. As the third line of defense, Internal Audit provides independent assurance over the
                                 Company’s ERM Framework;
                               • Employing a prudent and measured approach to risk-taking;
                               • Conducting business to safeguard the Company’s reputation and deliver fair customer outcomes through maintaining high standards of
                                 integrity based on the employee Code of Conduct and sound sales and marketing practices; and
                               • Generating returns to grow shareholder value through profitable and growing operations while maintaining a strong balance sheet.

                               Risk Appetite Statement
                               The Company’s Risk Appetite Statement has four key components:
                               • Strong Capital Position: The Company intends to maintain a strong balance sheet and not take risks that would jeopardize its
                                 financial strength;
                               • Mitigated Earnings Volatility: The Company seeks to avoid substantial earnings volatility through appropriate diversification and limiting
                                 exposure to more volatile lines of business;
                               • Strong Liquidity: The Company intends to maintain a high quality, diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet the
                                 demands of policyholder and financing obligations under normal and stressed conditions; and
                               • Treating Customers Fairly and Maintaining the Company’s Reputation: The Company seeks to maintain a high standing and positive
                                 reputation with all stakeholders including its customers, counterparties, creditors and other stakeholders. This includes building and
                                 maintaining trust, fair treatment of customers, consideration of corporate social responsibility, and effective management of sustainability
                                 and reputational risks.



                               80   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 64                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 64                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Risk Preference
              The Company has established qualitative risk preferences for each risk type. Each risk is assigned a risk preference level, in the context of
              understanding and managing these risks. The current level of exposure is regularly measured and risk tolerances are expressed quantitatively
              through actual constraints to the Company’s risk profile within pre-agreed limits. Maximum guidelines are established to monitor risk
              concentration and inform the risk limit setting process.

              Risk Limit Framework
              A comprehensive structure of risk limits and controls is in place across the Company. Enterprise risk limits are further broken down by business
              unit and risk type. The limit structure is accompanied by comprehensive limit approval and excess management processes to ensure effective
              governance and oversight of the RAF.
              The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to various regulatory regimes. The capital requirements under these regulatory capital regimes are
              reflected in the development of risk limits. Business units are responsible for operating within the risk appetite and the risk limit framework and
              satisfying local needs as required.


              Risk Processes
              Risk processes follow a cycle of identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting and are designed to ensure both current
              and emerging risks are assessed against the RAF.

              Risk Identification, Measurement and Management
              Risk identification requires the structured analysis of the current and emerging risks facing the Company, so that they are understood and
              appropriately managed. Processes are designed to ensure risks are considered, assessed, prioritized and addressed in all business initiatives,
              operations and changes, including investment strategies, product design, significant transactions, annual planning and budgeting as well as
              potential business acquisitions and disposals.
              Risk measurement provides the means to quantify and assess the Company’s risk profile and monitor the profile against the risk limits. Any
              material new business development or change in strategy warrants an independent assessment of risk and potential impact on reputation, in




                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              addition to measurement of the impact on capital, earnings and liquidity. Stress and scenario testing is used to evaluate risk exposures against
              the risk appetite. Sensitivity testing of key risks is used to evaluate the impact of risk exposures independent of other risks. Scenario testing is used
              to evaluate the combined impact of multiple risk exposures.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
              The Company has processes in place to identify risk exposures on an ongoing basis and, where appropriate, develops mitigation strategies to
              proactively manage these risks. Effective risk management requires the selection and implementation of approaches to accept, reject, transfer,
              avoid or control risk, including mitigation plans. It is based on a control framework for financial and non-financial risks that includes risk limits,
              Risk Function Indicators (RFIs) and stress and scenario testing to ensure appropriate escalation and resolution of potential issues in a timely
              manner.
              A key responsibility of the Risk Function is to ensure that the risk appetite is applied consistently across the Company and that limits are
              established to ensure that risk exposures comply with the risk appetite and Company-wide risk policies. The Risk Function provides ongoing and
              independent challenge to the first line of defense. In addition, in the event of a significant internal or external change that could introduce new
              risks or heighten existing risks that could materially impact the business, the Risk Function provides a formal Risk Opinion or thematic review.

              Risk Monitoring, Reporting and Escalation
              Risk monitoring relates to ongoing oversight and tracking of the Company’s risk exposures, ensuring that the risk management approaches in
              place remain effective. Monitoring may also identify risk-taking opportunities.
              Risk reporting presents an accurate and timely picture of existing and emerging risk issues and exposures as well as their potential impact on
              business activities. Reporting highlights the risk profile relative to the risk appetite and associated risk limits.
              A clearly defined escalation protocol is in place to address any excesses against thresholds or limits established by the RAF, risk policies, operating
              standards and guidelines. Remediation plans are reviewed and monitored by the Risk Function and escalated to designated management and
              Board committees.


              Risk Infrastructure and Policies
              The Company’s organization and infrastructure is established to provide resources and risk systems to support adequate and appropriate risk
              policies, operating standards and guidelines and processes. The Company endeavours to take a consistent approach to risk management across
              key risk types.
              The Company has codified its procedures and operations related to risk management and oversight requirements in a set of guiding documents
              composed of risk policies, operating standards and associated guidelines. This comprehensive documentation framework provides detailed and
              effective guidance across all risk management processes. These documents enable a consistent approach to risk management and oversight
              across the Company’s businesses and are reviewed and approved regularly, in accordance with an established authority hierarchy, by the Board
              of Directors, the Board Risk Committee or a senior management committee. Similar policy structures have been developed and are maintained
              by each business segment.

                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    81




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              B 65




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 65                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Risk Management and Control Practices
                               The Company’s risk profile is impacted by a variety of risks and its risk management and independent oversight processes are tailored to the type,
                               volatility and magnitude of each risk. The Company has defined specific risk management and oversight processes for risks, broadly grouped in
                               the following categories:
                                    1. Market and Liquidity Risk
                                    2. Credit Risk
                                    3. Insurance Risk
                                    4. Operational Risk
                                    5. Conduct Risk
                                    6. Strategic Risk


                               Market and Liquidity Risk
                               Risk Description
                               Market risk is the risk of loss resulting from potential changes in market rates and prices in various markets such as for interest rates, real estate,
                               currency, common shares and commodities. Exposure to this risk results from business activities including investment transactions which create
                               on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions.
                               Liquidity risk is the risk of the Company’s inability to generate the necessary funds to meet its obligations as they come due, including off-balance
                               sheet commitments and obligations.

                               Market and Liquidity Risk Management
                               The Company’s Market & Liquidity Risk Policy sets out the market and liquidity risk management framework and principles. This policy is
                               supported by other policies and guidelines that provide detailed guidance.
                               A governance structure has been implemented for the management of market and liquidity risk. The business units, including Investment




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Management, are the ultimate owners of market and liquidity risk and as such have primary responsibility for the identification, measurement,
                               management, monitoring and reporting. The Company has established a senior management committee to provide oversight of market and


 PART B
                               liquidity risk, which includes completing reviews and making recommendations regarding risk limits, the risk policy and associated compliance,
                               excess management and mitigation pertaining to market and liquidity risk. Each business segment has established oversight committees and
                               operating committees to help manage market and liquidity risk within the segment. The Company has developed risk limits, RFIs and other
                               measures to support the management of market and liquidity risk in compliance with the Company’s RAF. The Risk Function works with the
                               business units and other oversight functions to identify current and emerging market and liquidity risks and take appropriate action, if required.
                               The Company is willing to accept market and liquidity risk in certain circumstances as a consequence of its business model and seeks to
                               mitigate the risks wherever practical. To reduce market risk, the Company has established a framework using dynamic hedging programs
                               associated with segregated fund and variable annuity guarantees. Hedging programs are grouped by product-level hedging, tactical portfolio
                               hedging and macro-hedging. This is supplemented by a general macro equity hedging program that has been established to execute hedge
                               transactions in circumstances and at levels that have been determined by the Company. To reduce liquidity risk, the Company seeks to
                               maintain a high quality, diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet demands of policyholders and financing obligations
                               under normal and stress conditions.
                               Risks and risk management activities associated with the broad market and liquidity risk categories are detailed below.

                               Interest Rate Risk
                               Interest rate risk is the risk of loss resulting from the effect of the volatility and uncertainty of future interest rates on asset cash flows relative to
                               liability cash flows and on assets backing surplus. This also includes changes in the amount and timing of cash flows related to asset and liability
                               optionality, including interest rate guarantees and book value surrender benefits in the liabilities.
                               The Company’s principal exposure to interest rate risk arises from certain general fund and segregated fund products. The Company’s Asset
                               Liability Management (ALM) strategy has been designed to mitigate interest rate risks associated with general fund products, with close matching
                               of asset cash flows and insurance and investment contract obligations. Products with similar risk characteristics are grouped together to ensure
                               an effective aggregation and management of the Company’s ALM positions. Asset portfolios supporting insurance and investment contract
                               liabilities are segmented to align with the duration and other characteristics (e.g. liquidity) of the associated liabilities.
                               Crediting rates within general fund products are set prudently and a significant proportion of the Company’s portfolio of crediting rate products
                               includes pass-through features, which allow for the risk and returns to be shared with policyholders. However, a rapid rise in interest rates may
                               adversely impact certain general fund products with guaranteed benefits as a result of losses associated with early disposal of fixed income
                               securities to meet contractual surrender benefits. Asset management and related products permit redemptions; however, the Company attempts
                               to mitigate this risk by establishing long-term customer relationships, built on a strategic customer focus and an emphasis on delivering strong
                               fund performance.



                               82     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                       B 66                                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 66                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              A prolonged period of low interest rates may adversely impact the Company’s earnings and capital and could impact the Company’s business
              strategy. During periods of prolonged low interest rates, investment earnings may be lower because the interest earned on new fixed income
              investments will likely have declined with the market interest rates, and hedging costs may increase. Also, early repayment on investments held
              such as mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, and callable bonds, may be experienced and proceeds forced to be reinvested at
              lower yields, which will reduce investment margins.
              The Company has established dynamic hedging programs to hedge interest rate risk sensitivity associated with segregated fund and variable
              annuity guarantees. These hedging programs are designed to offset changes in the economic value of liabilities using derivative instruments. The
              Company’s approach to dynamic hedging of interest rate risk principally involves transacting in interest rate swaps. The hedge asset portfolios
              are dynamically rebalanced within approved thresholds and rebalancing criteria.
              Where the Company’s insurance and investment products have benefit or expense payments that are dependent on inflation (e.g. inflation-
              indexed annuities, pensions and disability claims), the Company generally invests in real return instruments to mitigate changes in the real
              dollar liability cash flows. Some protection against changes in the inflation index can be achieved, as any related change in the fair value of the
              assets will be largely offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.

              Equity Risk
              Equity risk is the risk of loss resulting from the sensitivity of the value of assets, liabilities, financial instruments and fee revenue to changes in the
              level or in the volatility of market prices of common shares and real estate. This includes the equity risk associated with the Company’s general
              fund assets and investments on account of segregated fund policyholders.
              The Company’s principal exposure to equity risk arises from segregated funds and fee income associated with the Company’s assets under
              management. Approved investment and risk policies also provide for general fund investments in equity markets within defined limits.
              The Company has established dynamic hedging programs to hedge equity risk sensitivity associated with segregated fund and variable annuity
              guarantees. Hedging programs are grouped by product-level hedging, tactical portfolio hedging and macro-hedging. The hedging programs
              are designed to mitigate exposure to changes in the economic value of these liabilities using derivative instruments. The Company’s approach
              to dynamic hedging of equity risk principally involves the short selling of equity index futures. The hedge asset portfolios are dynamically
              rebalanced within approved thresholds and rebalancing criteria. The Company’s product-level hedging programs are supplemented by a general
              macro hedging strategy that has been established to execute hedge transactions in circumstances and at levels that have been determined by




                                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              the Company.
              For certain very long-dated liabilities it is not practical or efficient to closely match liability cash flows with fixed-income investments. Therefore,
              certain long-dated asset portfolios target an investment return sufficient to meet liability cash flows over the longer term. These liabilities are

                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
              partially backed by a diversified portfolio of non-fixed income investments, including equity and real estate investments, in addition to long dated
              fixed-income instruments. Real estate losses can arise from fluctuations in the value of or future cash flows from the Company’s investments in
              real estate.
              The Company has established a macro equity hedging program to execute hedge transactions in circumstances and at levels that have been
              determined by the Company. The objective of the program is to reduce the Company’s exposure to equity tail-risk and to maintain overall capital
              sensitivity to equity market movements within Board approved risk appetite limits. The program is designed to hedge a portion of the Company’s
              capital sensitivity due to movements in equity markets arising from sources outside of dynamically hedged segregated fund and variable
              annuity exposures.

              Foreign Exchange Risk
              Foreign exchange risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in currency exchange rates against the reporting currency. The Company’s foreign
              exchange investment and risk management policies and practices are to match the currency of the Company’s general fund investments with
              the currency of the underlying insurance and investment contract liabilities. To enhance portfolio diversification and improve asset liability
              matching, the Company may use foreign exchange derivatives to mitigate currency exchange risk to the extent this is practical using forward
              contracts and swaps.
              The Company has net investments in foreign operations. As a result, the Company’s revenue, expenses and income denominated in currencies
              other than the Canadian dollar are subject to fluctuations due to the movement of the Canadian dollar against these currencies. Such fluctuations
              affect the Company’s financial results. The Company has exposures to the U.S. dollar resulting from the operations of Empower and Putnam in
              the United States segment and the Reinsurance business unit within the Capital and Risk Solutions segment; and to the British pound and the
              euro resulting from operations of business units within the Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments operating in the U.K., the Isle of Man,
              Ireland and Germany.
              In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of related hedging activities
              and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar end-of-
              period market rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro end-of-period market rates impacts the Company’s total share capital and
              surplus. Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.




                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    83




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B 67




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 67                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Management may use forward foreign currency contracts and foreign currency denominated debt to mitigate the volatility arising from the
                               movement of currency rates as they impact the translation of net investments in foreign operations. The Company uses non-GAAP financial
                               measures such as constant currency calculations to assist in communicating the effect of currency translation fluctuation on financial results.
                               • A 5% appreciation (depreciation) of the average exchange rate of the Canadian dollar to each of the British pound, euro and U.S. dollar would
                                 decrease (increase) net earnings in 2022 by $46 million, $30 million and $34 million, respectively.
                               • A 5% appreciation (depreciation) of the Canadian dollar end-of-period market rate compared to each of the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro
                                 end-of-period market rates would decrease (increase) the unrealized foreign currency translation gains 1 in accumulated other comprehensive
                                 income (loss) of shareholders’ equity by approximately $499 million, $218 million and $93 million, respectively, as at December 31, 2022.

                               Liquidity Risk
                               The Company’s liquidity risk management framework and associated limits are designed to ensure that the Company can meet cash and
                               collateral commitments as they fall due, both on an expected basis and under a severe liquidity stress.
                               In the normal course of certain reinsurance business, the Company provides letters of credit (LCs) to other parties, or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
                               will typically hold a LC as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded to or amounts due from
                               the Company.
                               The Company may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing LCs at maturity. The Company monitors its use of LCs
                               on a regular basis and assesses the ongoing availability of these and alternative forms of operating credit. The Company has contractual rights to
                               reduce the amount of LCs issued to the LC beneficiaries for certain reinsurance treaties. The Company staggers the maturities of LCs to reduce
                               the renewal risk.

                               Liquidity 1
                                                                                                                                                                                                            December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2022                 2021

                               Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds                                                                                                                       $    11,418         $      9,791

                               Other liquid assets and marketable securities




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                   Government bonds                                                                                                                                                   29,545              35,331
                                   Corporate bonds 2                                                                                                                                                  58,729              50,491
                                   Stocks                                                                                                                                                             11,380              12,424

 PART B
                                   Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                                      3,136               3,406
                                                                                                                                                                                                 $ 102,790           $ 101,652
                               Total                                                                                                                                                             $ 114,208           $ 111,443



                               Cashable liability characteristics
                                                                                                                                                                                                            December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2022                 2021

                               Surrenderable insurance and investment contract liabilities 1,3
                                    At market value                                                                                                                                              $    66,329         $    48,767
                                    At book value                                                                                                                                                     79,228              54,232
                               Total                                                                                                                                                             $ 145,557           $ 102,999

                               1    Amounts presented exclude non-liquid and pledged assets. Refer to the “Liquidity and Capital Management and Adequacy” section of this document for additional details regarding the composition
                                    of these metrics.
                               2    Includes public short-term bonds and public long-term bonds that are rated BBB or higher.
                               3    Cashable liabilities include insurance and investment contract liabilities classified as held for sale.

                               The carrying value of the Company’s liquid assets and marketable securities is approximately $114.2 billion or 0.8 times the Company’s
                               surrenderable insurance and investment contract liabilities. The Company believes that it holds adequate and appropriate liquid assets to meet
                               anticipated cash flow requirements as well as to meet cash flow needs under a severe liquidity stress.
                               Approximately 35% (approximately 48% in 2021) of insurance and investment contract liabilities are non-cashable prior to maturity or claim, with a
                               further 30% approximately (24% in 2021) of insurance and investment contract liabilities subject to fair value adjustments under certain conditions.
                               The majority of liquid assets and other marketable securities comprise fixed-income securities whose value decrease when interest rates rise.
                               Also, a high interest rate environment may encourage holders of certain types of policies to terminate their policies, thereby placing demands on
                               the Company’s liquidity position.
                               For a further description of the Company’s financial instrument risk management policies, refer to note 8 in the Company’s December 31, 2022
                               annual consolidated financial statements.


                               1    Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) include the impact of instruments designated as hedges of net investments on foreign operations.


                               84      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 68                                                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 68                                                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Credit Risk

              Risk Description
              Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor’s potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual obligations. Exposure to
              this risk occurs any time funds are extended, committed or invested through actual or implied contractual agreements. Components of credit
              risk include: loan loss/principal risk, pre-settlement/replacement risk and settlement risk. Obligors include issuers, debtors, borrowers, brokers,
              policyholders, reinsurers, derivative counterparties and guarantors.
              Credit exposure results from the purchase of fixed-income securities, which are primarily used to support policyholder liabilities. The Company
              also manages financial contracts with counterparties. Such contracts may be used to mitigate insurance and market risks (reinsurance ceded
              agreements and derivative contracts) or they may arise from the Company’s direct business operations (Reinsurance business unit) and may
              result in counterparty risk. The risk arising from these types of arrangements is included in the Company’s measurement of its risk profile.

              Credit Risk Management
              The Company’s credit risk management framework focuses on minimizing undue concentration of assets, in-house credit analysis to identify
              and measure risks, continuous monitoring, and proactive management. Diversification is achieved through the establishment of appropriate
              concentration limits (by asset class, issuers, credit rating, industries, and individual geographies) and transaction approval authority protocols.
              The Company’s approach to credit risk management includes the continuous review of its existing risk profile relative to the RAF as well as to
              the assessment of potential changes in the risk profile under stress scenarios.
              A governance structure has been implemented for the management of credit risk. The business units, including Investment Management, are
              the ultimate owners of credit risk and as such have primary responsibility for the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and
              reporting. The Company has established a senior management committee to provide oversight of credit risk, which includes completing reviews
              and making recommendations regarding risk limits, the risk policy and associated compliance, excess management and mitigation pertaining to
              credit risk. Each business segment has established oversight committees and operating committees to help manage credit risk within the segment.
              The Company has developed risk limits, RFIs and measures to support the management of credit risk in compliance with the Company’s RAF.
              The Company has established business segment-specific Investment and Lending Policies, including investment limits for each asset class.
              These policies and limits are complemented by the Credit Risk Policy which sets out the credit risk management framework and principles. This




                                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              policy is supported by other policies and guidelines that provide detailed guidance.
              The Company identifies credit risk through an internal credit risk rating system which includes a detailed assessment of an obligor’s
              creditworthiness based on a thorough and objective analysis of business risk, financial profile, structural considerations and security

                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B
              characteristics including seniority and covenants. Credit risk ratings are expressed using a 22-point scale that is consistent with those used
              by external rating agencies. In accordance with the Company’s policies, internal credit risk ratings cannot be higher than the highest rating
              provided by certain independent ratings companies. The Risk Function reviews and approves the credit risk ratings assigned by Investment
              Management for all new investments and reviews the appropriateness of ratings assigned to outstanding exposures.
              The Risk Function assigns credit risk parameters (probabilities of default, rating transition rates, loss given default, exposures at default) to all
              credit exposures to measure the Company’s aggregate credit risk profile. In addition, the Risk Function establishes limits and processes, performs
              stress and scenario testing (using stochastically generated and deterministic scenarios) and assesses compliance with the limits established in
              the RAF. It regularly reports on the Company’s credit risk profile to executive management, the Board of Directors and various committees at
              enterprise, business segment and legal entity levels.
              Investment Management and the Risk Function are responsible for the monitoring of exposures relative to limits as well as for the management
              and escalation of risk limit excesses as they occur. Investment Management is also responsible for the continuous monitoring of its portfolios for
              changes in credit outlook, and performs regular credit reviews of all relevant obligors and counterparties, based on a combination of bottom-
              up credit analysis and top-down views on the economy and assessment of industry and sub-sector outlooks. Watch Lists are also used at the
              business segment levels to plan and execute the relevant risk mitigation strategies for obligors experiencing heightened credit stress.

              Counterparty Risk
              Counterparties include both reinsurers and derivative counterparties.
              The Company uses reinsurance to mitigate insurance risks. This mitigation results in increased credit risk to reinsurance counterparties from the
              potential failure to collect reinsurance recoveries due to either the inability, or an unwillingness to fulfill their contractual obligation.
              Counterparties providing reinsurance to the Company are reviewed for financial soundness as part of an ongoing monitoring process. The
              minimum financial strength of reinsurers is outlined in the Reinsurance Risk Management Policy. The Company seeks to minimize reinsurance
              credit risk through diversification as well as seeking protection in the form of collateral or funds withheld arrangements where possible.
              The Company enters into derivative contracts primarily to mitigate market risks. Derivative counterparty risk is the risk of loss resulting from
              the potential failure of the derivative counterparty to meet their financial obligations under the contract. Derivative products are traded through
              exchanges or with counterparties approved by the Board of Directors or the Investment Committee. The Company seeks to mitigate derivative
              credit risk through diversification and through collateral arrangements where possible. In addition, the Company includes potential future
              exposure of derivatives in its measure of total exposure against single name limits.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    85




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 69




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 69                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Insurance Risk

                               Risk Description
                               Insurance risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in experience associated with contractual promises and obligations arising
                               from insurance contracts. Insurance risk includes uncertainties around the ultimate amount of net cash flows (premiums, commissions, claims,
                               payouts and related settlement expenses), the timing of the receipt and payment of these cash flows, as well as the impact of policyholder
                               behaviour (e.g. lapses).
                               The Company identifies six broad categories of insurance risk, which may contribute to financial losses: mortality risk, morbidity risk, longevity
                               risk, policyholder behaviour risk, expense risk and property catastrophe risk. Mortality risk, morbidity risk, longevity risk and expense risk are
                               core business risks and the exchange of these risks into value is a core business activity. Policyholder behaviour risk is associated with offering
                               core products and is accepted as a consequence of the business model and mitigated where appropriate. Property catastrophe risk is a selectively
                               accepted business risk which is constrained, actively managed and controlled within risk limits.

                               Insurance Risk Management
                               Insurance products involve commitments by the insurer to provide services and financial obligations with coverage for extended periods of
                               time. To provide insurance protection effectively, the insurer must design and price products so that the premiums received, and the investment
                               income earned on those premiums, will be sufficient to pay future claims and expenses associated with the product. This requires the insurer, in
                               pricing products and establishing insurance contract liabilities, to make assumptions regarding expected levels of income, claims and expenses
                               and how policyholder behaviours and market risks might impact these assumptions. As a result, the Company is exposed to product design and
                               pricing risk which is the risk of financial loss resulting from transacting business where the costs and liabilities arising in respect of a product line
                               exceed the pricing expectations.
                               Insurance contract liabilities are established to fund future claims and include a provision for adverse deviation, set in accordance with
                               professional actuarial standards. Insurance contract liability valuation requires regular updating of assumptions to reflect emerging experience.
                               A governance structure has been implemented for the management of insurance risk. Business units are the ultimate owners of insurance
                               risk and as such have primary responsibility for the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of insurance risk.
                               The Risk Function, supported by Corporate Actuarial, is primarily responsible for oversight of the insurance risk management framework. The




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Company has established an Insurance Risk Committee to provide oversight of insurance risk, which includes completing reviews and making
                               recommendations regarding risk limits, the risk policy and associated compliance, excess management and mitigation pertaining to insurance
                               risk. Each business segment has established oversight committees and operating committees to help manage insurance risk within the segment.

 PART B
                               The Company’s Insurance Risk Policy sets out the insurance risk management framework and provides the principles for insurance risk
                               management. This policy is supported by several other policies and guidelines that provide detailed guidance, including:
                               • Product Design and Pricing Risk Management Policy and Reinsurance Risk Management Policy, which provide guidelines and standards for
                                 the product design and pricing risk management processes and reinsurance ceded risk management practices;
                               • Corporate Actuarial Valuation Policy, which provides documentation and control standards consistent with the valuation standards of the
                                 Canadian Institute of Actuaries; and
                               • Participating Account Management Policies and Participating Policyholder Dividend Policies, which govern the management of participating
                                 accounts and provide for the distribution of a portion of the earnings in the participating account as participating policyholder dividends.
                               The Risk Function, in conjunction with Corporate Actuarial, implements a number of processes to carry out its responsibility for oversight
                               of insurance risk. It reviews the Insurance Risk Policy relative to current risk exposures and updates it as required. It reviews insurance risk
                               management processes carried out by the business units, including product design and pricing, underwriting, claims adjudication, and
                               reinsurance ceding, and provides challenge as required.
                               The Risk Function works with the business units and other oversight functions to identify current and emerging insurance risks and take
                               appropriate action, if required. Insurance risk limits, risk budgets and RFIs are set to keep the insurance risk profile within the Company’s appetite
                               for insurance risk and the Risk Function regularly monitors the insurance risk profile relative to these measures. Any excesses are required to
                               be escalated so that appropriate remediation may be implemented. The Risk Function performs stress testing and does analysis of insurance
                               risks, including review of experience studies. It provides regular reporting on these activities to the business units, senior management, and risk
                               oversight committees. The Risk Function performs thematic reviews and/or enhances the monitoring and reporting of associated exposures to
                               these risks.
                               Risks and risk management activities associated with the broad insurance risk categories are detailed below.




                               86   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 70                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 70                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Mortality and Morbidity Risk
              Mortality risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in the level, trend, or volatility of mortality rates, where an increase in the mortality
              rate leads to an increase in the value of insurance contract liabilities.
              Morbidity risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in the level, trend, or volatility of disability, health, dental, critical illness and other
              sickness rates, where an increase in the incidence rate or a decrease in the disability recovery rate leads to an increase in the value of insurance
              contract liabilities.
              There is a risk that the Company will mis-estimate the level of mortality or morbidity, or write business which generates worse mortality and
              morbidity experience than expected.
              The Company employs the following practices to manage its mortality and morbidity risk:
              • Research and analysis is done regularly to provide the basis for pricing and valuation assumptions to properly reflect the insurance and
                reinsurance risks in markets where the Company is active.
              • Underwriting limits, practices and policies control the amount of risk exposure, the selection of risks insured for consistency with claims
                expectations and support the long-term sustainability of the Company.
              • The insurance contract liabilities established to fund future claims include a provision for adverse deviation, set in accordance with actuarial
                standards. This margin is required to provide for the possibilities of mis-estimation of the best estimate and/or future deterioration in the best
                estimate assumptions.
              • The Company sets retention limits for mortality and morbidity risks. Aggregate risk is managed through a combination of reinsurance and
                capital market solutions to transfer the risk where appropriate.
              • For Group life products, exposure to a concentrated mortality event due to concentration of risk in specific locations for example, could have
                an impact on financial results. To manage the risk, concentrations are monitored for new business and renewals. The Company may impose
                single-event limits on some group plans and declines to quote in localized areas where the aggregate risk is deemed excessive.
              • Effective plan design and claims adjudication practices, for both morbidity and mortality risks are critical to the management of the risk. As
                an example, for Group healthcare products, inflation and utilization will influence the level of claims costs, which can be difficult to predict.
                The Company manages the impact of these and similar factors through plan designs that limit new costs and long-term price guarantees and
                include the ability to regularly re-price for emerging experience.




                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              • The Company manages large blocks of business, which, in aggregate, are expected to result in relatively low statistical fluctuations in any given
                period. For some policies, these risks are shared with the policyholder through adjustments to future policyholder charges or in the case of

                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
                participating policies through future changes in policyholder dividends.

              Longevity Risk
              Longevity risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in the level, trend, or volatility of mortality rates, where a decrease in the mortality
              rate leads to an increase in the value of insurance contract liabilities. Annuities, some segregated fund products with Guaranteed Minimum
              Withdrawal Benefits and longevity reinsurance are priced and valued to reflect the life expectancy of the annuitant. There is a risk that annuitants
              could live longer than was estimated by the Company, which would increase the value of the associated insurance contract liabilities.
              Business is priced using mortality assumptions which consider recent Company and industry experience and the latest research on expected
              future trends in mortality.
              Aggregate risk is managed through reinsurance to transfer the risk as appropriate, as well as consideration of capital market solutions if deemed
              necessary. The Company has processes in place to verify annuitants’ eligibility for continued income benefits. These processes are designed
              to ensure annuity payments accrue to those contractually entitled to receive them and help ensure mortality data used to develop pricing and
              valuation assumptions is as complete as possible.

              Policyholder Behaviour Risk
              Policyholder behaviour risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in the level or volatility of the rates of policy lapses, terminations,
              renewals, surrenders, or exercise of embedded policy options.
              Many products are priced and valued to reflect the expected duration of contracts and the exercising of options embedded in those contracts.
              There is a risk that contracts may be terminated earlier or later than assumed in pricing and plan design. To the extent that higher costs are
              incurred in early contract years, there is a risk that contracts are terminated before higher early expenses can be recovered. Conversely, on certain
              long-term level premium products where costs increase by age, there is risk that contracts are terminated later than assumed.
              Business is priced using policy termination assumptions which consider product designs and policyholder options, recent Company and
              industry experience and the latest research on expected future trends. Assumptions are reviewed regularly and are updated as necessary for both
              pricing of new policies and valuation of in-force policies.
              The Company also incorporates early surrender charges into certain contracts and incorporates commission chargebacks in its distribution
              agreements to reduce unrecovered expenses.
              Policyholder taxation rules in many jurisdictions help encourage the retention of insurance coverage.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    87




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B 71




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 71                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Expense Risk
                               Expense risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse variability of expenses incurred with fee-for-service business or in servicing and maintaining
                               insurance, savings or reinsurance contracts, including direct expenses and allocations of overhead costs.
                               Expense management programs are regularly monitored to control unit costs while maintaining effective service delivery.

                               Property Catastrophe Risk
                               Property catastrophe risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in property damage experience and is mainly related to extreme or
                               catastrophic events.
                               The reinsurance business in particular has exposure to extreme or catastrophic events that result in property damage. As a retrocessionaire
                               for property catastrophe risk, the Company generally participates at more remote event-loss exposures than primary carriers and reinsurers.
                               Generally, an event of significant size must occur prior to the Company incurring a claim. The Company limits the total maximum claim amount
                               under all property catastrophe contracts. The Company monitors cedant companies’ claims experience and research from third party expert risk
                               models on an ongoing basis and incorporates this information in pricing models to ensure that the premium is adequate for the risk undertaken.

                               Operational Risk

                               Risk Description
                               Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from potential problems relating to internal processes, people and systems or from external events.
                               Exposure to operational risk results from either normal day-to-day operations or a specific unanticipated event, and can have material financial
                               and/or reputational consequences.

                               Operational Risk Management
                               The Company has established processes to identify, assess, mitigate and mange operational risks. However, the Company’s operations require
                               multiple processes, systems and stakeholders to interact across the enterprise on an ongoing basis and operational risk remains an inherent
                               feature of the Company’s business model that cannot be fully eliminated.
                               The Company actively manages operational risks to support operational resilience across key processes and services and to maintain a strong




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               reputation, standing and financial strength.
                               A governance structure has been implemented for the management of operational risk. Business units are the ultimate owners of operational
                               risk and as such have primary responsibility for the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of operational risk. The

 PART B
                               Company has established an Operational Risk Committee to provide oversight of operational risk, which includes completing reviews, reporting,
                               and monitoring risks; and making recommendations regarding risk limits, risk policies and mitigation pertaining to operational risks. Each
                               business segment has established oversight committees and operating committees to help manage operational risk across their business.
                               The Company’s Operational Risk Policy is supported by standards and guidelines that relate to specialized functions including detailed practices
                               related to stress testing, modeling, fraud, regulatory compliance, technology and cybersecurity risk management, risk data aggregation and
                               risk reporting. The Company implements controls to manage operational risk through integrated policies, procedures and processes, with
                               consideration given to the cost/benefit trade-off. Processes and controls are monitored and refined by the business areas and periodically
                               reviewed by the Company’s Internal Audit department. Financial reporting processes and controls are further examined by external auditors.
                               The Company also manages operational risks through the corporate insurance program which mitigates a portion of the operational risk exposure
                               by purchasing insurance coverage that provides protection against unexpected material losses resulting from events such as property loss, cyber-
                               attack or damage and liability exposures. The nature and amount of insurance protection purchased is assessed with regard to the Company’s risk
                               profile, risk appetite and tolerance for the associated risks, as well as legal requirements and contractual obligations.
                               The Company employs a combination of operational risk management methods including risk and control assessments, internal control factors
                               and risk event analyses. For the identification of operational risks, the Company utilizes risk and control assessments which systematically
                               identify and assess potential operational risks and associated controls. Internal and external operational risk events are analyzed to identify
                               root causes and provide insights into potential new operational risks that could impact the Company. In addition, scenario analysis is employed
                               to identify and quantify potential severe operational risk exposures, while RFIs, risk appetite preferences, and other processes are leveraged to
                               measure, manage and monitor operational risks.
                               The Risk Function monitors the status of actions being undertaken to remediate risks to ensure that risk exposures are mitigated in a timely
                               manner. Processes are in place to escalate significant matters to senior management to inform and enable management to take appropriate
                               action when needed. The Risk Function regularly reports on the Company’s operational risk profile to executive management, the Board of
                               Directors and various committees at enterprise, business segment and legal entity levels.
                               Operational resilience is an outcome from the ability to embed capabilities, processes, and systems to successfully deliver critical operations,
                               through disruption. Operational resilience emphasizes preparation, response, recovery, learning, and adaptation by assuming disruptions,
                               including simultaneous disruptions, will occur.




                               88   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 72                                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 72                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Key operational risks and the Company’s approach to managing them are outlined below.

              Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risk
              Legal and regulatory risk is the risk of loss resulting from non-compliance with specific local or international rules, laws, regulations, or prescribed
              practices, as well as civil or criminal litigation engaged in/by the Company. As a multi-national enterprise, the Company and certain of its
              subsidiaries are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements in Canada, the U.S., the U.K., Ireland, Germany and other jurisdictions.
              These requirements cover most aspects of the Company’s operations including capital adequacy, privacy, liquidity and solvency, investments,
              the sale and marketing of insurance and wealth products, the business conduct of insurers, asset managers and investment advisors as well as
              reinsurance processes. Material changes in the legal or regulatory framework or the failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements
              could have an adverse effect on the Company. An increase in the pace of regulatory change could lead to increased operational costs to implement
              changes and ensure ongoing compliance.
              Legal and regulatory risk is managed through coordination between first and second line of defense functions. The Company records, manages
              and monitors the regulatory compliance environment closely, using the subject matter expertise of both local and enterprise-wide Compliance
              and Legal stakeholders and reporting on emerging changes that could have a significant impact on the Company’s operations or business.
              The Company is subject to the risk of litigation and regulatory action relating to its business, operations, products, securities and contractual
              relationships and it establishes contingency reserves for litigation that it determines are appropriate.

              People Risk
              People risk is the risk of loss resulting from the inadequate management of human capital or the misalignment of human resources policies,
              programs and practices with employment-related legislation, regulatory expectations or the Company’s strategic objectives, risk appetite and
              values. The Company has compensation programs, succession planning, talent management and employee engagement processes that are
              designed to manage these risks, support a high performance culture and maintain a highly skilled workforce that is reflective of the diverse
              cultures and practices of the countries in which the Company operates. The Company’s ability to recognize and accommodate changing trends
              with respect to human resources in the industry is important to execute upon business strategies.

              Technology Risk
              Technology risk is the risk of loss from improper system or control design, improper operation, delivery of or unauthorized access to information




                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              and technology resources that can significantly impact the Company’s ability to operate efficiently, stay compliant with regulations and maintain
              its financial integrity and reputation. More specifically, technology risk includes cyber and information security risk, technology operations risk


                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
              and technology delivery risk.
              The nature of advancing technology introduces additional uncertainty as to how the insurance industry will evolve. Cloud services, which
              are being adopted by the Company to improve systems flexibility and information security, require scrutiny as digital supply chains grow
              in complexity.
              Technology is a critical component of the Company’s business operations and is also central to the Company’s customer-focused digital strategy.
              The Company continues to face technology and cyber risks stemming from legacy technology constraints and the advancement of techniques
              used in cyber-attacks.
              The Company continues to implement new risk management processes and practices designed to allow it to better identify, measure, mitigate and
              report on technology risk, but those processes and practices continue to require further development as well as ongoing updates as technology
              and business needs evolve. The Company’s strategy and approach to managing technology and cyber risks includes policies that govern the
              technology environment and set standards related to information security and the use of technology, including:
              • the use of multiple layers of technologies that are designed to prevent unauthorized access, ransomware attacks, distributed denial of service
                and other cyber-attacks;
              • coordinated global and regional information security offices that gather threat intelligence, detect, monitor and respond to security events and
                conduct regular threat and vulnerability risk assessments;
              • independent oversight and assessment of the approach taken to mitigate technology and cyber risks by the Technology Risk Management
                team, an independent group that acts as the second line of defense; and
              • regular cyber security awareness sessions and mandatory cyber security training for all employees.

              Business Continuity Risk
              Business continuity risk is the risk of loss as a result of the failure to provide for business processes and operations under adverse conditions that
              may arise from natural, technological or human caused events involving the loss of workplace, workforce, technology and supply chain outages
              and disruptions.
              A business continuity management framework has been implemented to manage business continuity risks and impacts through the development,
              testing, training and maintenance in four key areas: emergency response planning, incident management planning, business continuity planning
              and technology resilience which includes disaster recovery planning.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    89




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B 73




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 73                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Process & Infrastructure Risk
                               Process and infrastructure risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed business processes that deliver products and services and grow
                               shareholder value, or the risk of loss resulting from the reduction or non-availability of corporate facilities, physical assets or physical security.
                               These processes include change management, data aggregation and reporting, product development, product introduction, new business
                               (including the distribution and sales process) and renewal (including the underwriting process), investment activities, client administration,
                               claims and benefit payments, financial modelling and financial management. The inadequacy can arise in transaction processing, governance,
                               communication or general process management.
                               Risk management seeks strategic alignment and congruency across all of the Company’s business activities, including change initiatives and
                               business-as-usual activities, with the Company’s operational risk appetite and considers the potential impact on the Company’s reputation. The
                               Company monitors change initiatives to mitigate risks and realize benefits. Core business operational activities have quality control measures
                               in place.
                               One of the processes relates to model risk and use of models. The Company uses models in many functions and processes that support business
                               decisions and reporting. Model risk arises from the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect models or misused
                               model outputs and reports. Robust processes are in place for the management and oversight of model risk as outlined in the Model Risk
                               Management and Validation Standard.
                               Further, the Company seeks to control processes across the value chain through automation, standardization and process improvements to
                               prevent or reduce operational losses.

                               Fraud Risk
                               Fraud risk is the risk of loss resulting from acts or activities that are intended to defraud, misappropriate assets, or circumvent laws or regulations
                               by customers, contractors or other third parties, directors, officers, employees or advisors. The fraud environment continues to intensify for
                               financial institutions, due to increased financial pressures that may motivate and rationalize fraudulent behavior and progressively sophisticated
                               methods of organized fraud and cyber fraud. Fraud can result in a financial loss or reputational impact to the Company and have other impacts
                               that are detrimental to customers and other stakeholders.
                               The Company has established a formal program with governance, principles and process requirements outlined in a Fraud Risk Management
                               Policy and the corresponding Fraud Risk Operating Standard to assess, prevent, detect, investigate and respond to fraud in a timely manner.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Additionally, the Code of Conduct and Fraud Risk Management Policy highlight management’s commitment to acting with integrity and strong
                               fraud risk awareness culture.


 PART B
                               Supplier Risk
                               Supplier risk is the risk of loss resulting from the failure to establish and manage adequate supplier arrangements, transactions or other
                               interactions to meet the expected or contracted service level. Supplier risk is applicable to both external and internal suppliers.
                               The Company strategically engages suppliers to maintain cost efficiency, to optimize internal resources and capital and to utilize skills, expertise
                               and resources not otherwise available to the Company. Suppliers are engaged based on our prescribed supplier risk management principles in
                               our Supplier Risk Management Policy. The Company applies a supplier risk management framework and risk mitigation activities needed (e.g.
                               risk assessments, due diligence, etc.) to oversee and monitor interactions with suppliers throughout the entire supplier lifecycle, including how
                               they meet standards for quality of service and protect stakeholders and the interests of the Company.

                               Conduct Risk

                               Risk Description
                               Conduct risk is the risk of unfair outcomes for customers as a result of inadequate or failed processes and/or inappropriate behaviours, offerings
                               or interactions by the Company or its agents. A failure to identify and mitigate conduct risk impacts not only the Company’s customers but can
                               also have adverse reputational and financial consequences for the Company due to the cost of customer remediation, damage to reputation and/
                               or regulatory fines.

                               Conduct Risk Management
                               The Company manages conduct risk through various processes which include:
                               • formalized policies, frameworks, employee training and senior management reporting;
                               • providing appropriate and clear customer disclosures and communications;
                               • applying product design, complaint, claims management and sales and advice processes that consider outcomes to customers and customer
                                 vulnerability; and
                               • conducting risk-based advisor assessments and suitability reviews, maintaining controls and adhering to Board-approved policies and
                                 processes, including the Conduct Risk Policy and the Code of Conduct.
                               Conduct risk is incorporated in risk management and compliance activities, including risk and control assessments, internal events reporting,
                               emerging risk assessments, and other measurement, monitoring and reporting activities.




                               90   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 74                                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 74                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Strategic Risk

              Risk Description
              Strategic risk is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate strategic objectives in the context of the internal and external operating environment
              resulting in a material impact on business performance (e.g. earnings, capital, reputation or standing).
              Strategic risk may reflect intentional risk-taking in anticipation or response to industry forces or it may emerge as unintended consequences from
              changes to strategy, execution of strategy, or from lack of responsiveness to external forces.

              Strategic Risk Management
              Strategic risk-taking is inherent to achieving strategic objectives and arises from the fundamental decisions made and actions taken concerning
              an organization’s objectives. It may relate to or stem from the design and development of strategy, including the formulation, evaluation and
              ongoing validation of strategy, or execution of corporate and business strategies, and management of associated risks stemming from the same.
              The Company’s Strategic Risk Management Framework is designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report on strategic risk, and is
              supported by Policies, Standards and Guidelines for both first and second lines of defense.
              Strategic risk management spans the development and refinement of strategy, the translation of strategy into tangible activities, alignment of
              resources to requirements for executing the strategy, execution of strategy, and ongoing activities to monitor and adjust strategies or related
              initiatives. Strategic risks are monitored at all stages of the strategy management lifecycle.
              The Company aligns business strategies with its risk appetite and mitigates exposure to strategic risk through strategic planning and value-based
              decision making, establishing appropriate performance indicators, reporting of strategy execution and implementation against strategic goals
              and ongoing monitoring, together with robust oversight and challenge.
              The Company identifies and manages strategic risk in relation to both new and existing strategies, strategic initiatives, and any new business
              development with the potential to have significant strategic impact on the business or overall portfolio. Major initiatives undergo a comprehensive
              risk assessment to review alignment with risk appetite, and are subject to regular and robust monitoring and oversight.

              Other Risks




                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Sustainability Risk
              Sustainability risk is the risk that the interests of the Company’s customers and other stakeholders are not protected or that business operations
              and business growth are not sustained due to failure to meet societal expectations related to corporate social responsibilities.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
              Dynamics and attitudes towards societal issues continue to evolve. Factors such as diversity and inclusion and climate change are now a
              significant focus on the Company’s strategic agenda. The Company may experience direct or indirect financial, operational or reputational impact
              stemming from societal related events, which include climate change, regulatory enforcement or costs associated with changes in environmental
              laws and regulations as well as diversity and inclusion-related matters.
              Sustainability considerations are formally reflected in the Company’s risk management principles and associated policies. The Company
              recognizes that sustainability risk impacts both financial risks (market, credit and insurance) as well as non-financial risks (operational, conduct
              and strategic). Sustainability risk is not a stand-alone risk type, but underlies all risk types. As a result, the processes for managing sustainability
              risk are embedded in the processes for managing each risk type.
              The Company takes a balanced and sustainable approach to conducting business. The Company has established environmental policies and
              guidelines pertaining to the acquisition and ongoing management of investment properties, loans secured by real property and investments in
              equity and fixed-income securities. These policies are approved by the Board of Directors and are reviewed annually.
              The Financial Stability Board (FSB) established the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to develop recommendations for
              climate-related disclosure that could encourage more informed investment, credit and insurance underwriting decisions and allow for a better
              understanding of carbon-related assets in the financial sector and the financial system’s exposures to climate risks. The Company is an official
              supporter of the TCFD recommendations. The Company is also an active participant in the UN-sponsored “Capital as a Force for Good” project
              and a member of the Canada Sustainable Finance Action Council.
              The Company has made available on its website its annual disclosure to CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) which is in alignment with
              the TCFD recommendations. Through its CDP reporting, the Company has demonstrated its commitment to sustainability across its operations,
              risk management practices and in assessing the exposure of its investment portfolio to a broad range of climate-related risks and opportunities.
              The Company’s annual response to CDP’s Climate Change Questionnaire details our commitment to understanding and proactively addressing
              the potential impacts that climate change may have on our business and that our business may have on the environment.
              The Company’s objective is to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050 for both operations and investments. The Company is
              continuing to work towards setting interim science-based targets. In addition, the Company is on track to grow women in management roles to 50%
              across its business segments by 2030 and it is working to increase representation of underrepresented minorities in management to 25% by 2030.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    91




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B 75




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 75                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Holding Company Structure Risk
                               As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay interest, dividends and other operating expenses and to meet its obligations generally
                               depends upon receipt of sufficient funds from its principal subsidiaries and its ability to raise additional capital.
                               In the event of bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of these subsidiaries, insurance and investment contract liabilities of these
                               subsidiaries will be completely provided for before any assets of such subsidiaries are made available for distribution to the Company. In
                               addition, the other creditors of these subsidiaries will generally be entitled to the payment of their claims before any assets are made available for
                               distribution to the Company except to the extent that the Company is recognized as a creditor of the relevant subsidiaries.
                               Any payment (including payment of interest and dividends) by the principal subsidiaries is subject to restrictions set forth in relevant insurance,
                               securities, corporate and other laws and regulations, which require that solvency and capital standards be maintained by Canada Life, Empower
                               and their subsidiaries and certain subsidiaries of Putnam. There are considerable risks and benefits related to this structure.
                               Management monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity requirements at the holding company
                               level. Management also establishes lines of credit for additional liquidity and may also access capital markets for funds. Management monitors
                               compliance with the regulatory laws and regulations at both the holding company and operating company levels.

                               Mergers and Acquisitions Risk
                               Periodically, the Company and its subsidiaries evaluate existing companies, businesses, assets, products and services. Such reviews could result
                               in the Company or its subsidiaries acquiring or divesting of businesses or assets. In the ordinary course of business, the Company considers and
                               discusses the purchase or sale of companies, businesses segments or assets.
                               If effected, such transactions could be material to the Company in size or scope, could result in risks and contingencies relating to companies,
                               businesses or assets that the Company acquires or expose it to the risk of claims relating to those it has divested, could result in changes in the
                               value of the securities of the Company, including the common shares of the Company, and could result in the Company holding additional
                               capital for contingencies that may arise after the transaction is completed. Strategic and integration risks related to mergers and acquisitions
                               can also emerge due to external risks that are difficult to anticipate and may result in reduced synergies and negative impact on value capture.
                               To mitigate these risks, due diligence reviews of potential transactions are undertaken, and risks are assessed in the context of our Risk Appetite.
                               For acquisitions, an integration strategy is established that considers the values, norms, and culture of the target company, including monitoring
                               of new and emerging risks that may impede efficiency and delay the consolidation process. Before acquiring or divesting companies, businesses,




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               business segments, or assets, Operating Segments assess and provide assurance that systems and processes are appropriate to manage the risks
                               after the transaction is completed, and regular monitoring and oversight of transaction activities is conducted.


 PART B
                               Tax Regime Risk
                               The Company operates in a number of countries each with its own distinct tax regime, encompassing various levels of government and a range
                               of tax mechanisms, such as income taxes, capital taxes, payroll taxes, value add taxes, sales taxes, etc. and further, may provide tax incentives for
                               certain types of products (examples include support for pensions, retirement savings and life & health insurance). These jurisdictions periodically
                               review and amend various aspects of the tax regime that can have an impact on the business of the Company.
                               There is a risk that changes to tax rates may increase the tax expense to the Company, adversely impacting earnings. There is also a risk that a
                               reduction or elimination in the level of tax incentives on products offered by the Company may adversely impact demand for those products.
                               Management actively monitors changes in tax regimes in countries where it has operations and proactively responds to tax changes that may
                               have potential impacts on its business. Refer to the “Income Tax” section of this document for additional details.

                               Product Distribution Risk
                               Product distribution risk is the risk of loss resulting from the Company’s inability to market its products through its network of distribution
                               channels and intermediaries. These intermediaries generally offer their clients products in addition to, and in competition with, the Company’s
                               products, and are not obligated to continue working with the Company. In addition, certain investors rely on consultants to advise them on
                               the choice of provider and the consultants may not always consider or recommend the Company. The loss of access to a distribution channel,
                               the failure to maintain effective relationships with intermediaries or the failure to respond to changes in distribution channels could have a
                               significant impact on the Company’s ability to generate sales.
                               Product distribution risk is managed by maintaining a broad network of distribution relationships, with products distributed through numerous
                               broker-dealers, managing general agencies, financial planners, banks and other financial institutions.




                               92   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 76                                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 76                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Exposures and Sensitivities
              Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
              In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/morbidity, investment
              returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy options or provisions. When the
              assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects
              the Company’s earnings.
              The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s earnings that would arise as a result of changes to management’s best
              estimate of certain assumptions. For changes in asset related assumptions, the sensitivity is shown net of the corresponding impact on earnings
              of the change in the value of the assets supporting liabilities. These earnings sensitivities represent impacts under the Company’s accounting
              policies as at December 31 2022, including accounting for insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and IAS 39. These sensitivities may change on
              transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9.
                                                                                                                                                 Increase (decrease)
                                                                                                                                                   in net earnings
                                                                                                                                               2022               2021

              Mortality – 2% increase                                                                                                      $       (247)      $        (276)
              Annuitant mortality – 2% decrease                                                                                            $       (522)      $        (722)
              Morbidity – 5% adverse change                                                                                                $       (253)      $        (262)
              Investment returns
                 Parallel shift in yield curve
                    1% increase                                                                                                            $          –       $           –
                    1% decrease                                                                                                            $          –       $           –
                 Change in interest rates
                    1% increase                                                                                                            $         79       $         197
                    1% decrease                                                                                                            $       (290)      $        (555)
                 Change in publicly traded common stock values
                    20% increase                                                                                                           $         37       $           21




                                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                    10% increase                                                                                                           $         27       $           13
                    10% decrease                                                                                                           $        (28)      $          (19)


                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B
                    20% decrease                                                                                                           $       (146)      $          (66)
                 Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                    10% increase                                                                                                           $         52       $          79
                    5% increase                                                                                                            $         26       $          39
                    5% decrease                                                                                                            $        (70)      $         (30)
                    10% decrease                                                                                                           $       (236)      $        (112)
                 Change in best estimate return assumptions for equities
                    1% increase                                                                                                            $        525       $       567
                    1% decrease                                                                                                            $       (620)      $      (649)
              Expenses – 5% increase                                                                                                       $       (193)      $      (207)
              Policy termination and renewal – 10% adverse change                                                                          $       (945)      $    (1,002)


              Refer to the “Accounting Policies – Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates” section of this document for additional information on earnings
              sensitivities.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report      93




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                          B 77




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 77                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Accounting Policies

                               Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates
                               The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that
                               affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the reporting date, and the reported
                               amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The results of the Company reflect management’s judgments regarding the
                               impact of prevailing market conditions related to global credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange and prevailing health and
                               mortality experience. The fair value of portfolio investments, the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, the valuation of insurance
                               contract liabilities and the recoverability of deferred tax asset carrying values reflect management’s judgement based on current expectations but
                               could be impacted in the future depending on current market developments.
                               The provision for future credit losses within the Company’s insurance contract liabilities relies upon investment credit ratings. The Company’s
                               practice is to use independent third-party credit ratings where available as an input to its internal credit rating process. Investment properties,
                               which are primarily held in the U.K. and Canada, rely upon independent third-party appraisals for their valuation which impact the estimation
                               of insurance contract liabilities. Independent appraisals for the portfolio occur over the year with management adjustments for material changes
                               in the interim periods. Credit rating changes for fixed income investments and market values for investment properties may lag developments
                               in the current environment. Subsequent credit rating adjustments and market value adjustments on investment properties will impact actuarial
                               liabilities.
                               The significant accounting estimates include the following:

                               Fair Value Measurement
                               Financial and other instruments held by the Company include portfolio investments, various derivative financial instruments, debentures and
                               other debt instruments.
                               Financial instrument carrying values reflect the liquidity of the markets and the liquidity premiums embedded in the market pricing methods
                               the Company relies upon.
                               The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Level 1 inputs utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability
                               to access.


 PART B
                               Level 2 inputs utilize other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
                               Level 3 inputs utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and include situations where there is little, if
                               any, market activity for the asset or liability.
                               In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair
                               value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to
                               the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its
                               entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.
                               Refer to note 9 in the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements for disclosure of the Company’s financial
                               instruments fair value measurement by hierarchy level as at December 31, 2022.
                               Fair values for bonds classified as fair value through profit or loss or available-for-sale are determined using quoted market prices. Where prices
                               are not quoted in an active market, fair values are determined by valuation models primarily using observable market data inputs. Market values
                               for bonds and mortgages classified as loans and receivables are determined by discounting expected future cash flows using current market rates.
                               Fair values for equity release mortgages classified as fair value through profit or loss are determined by an internal valuation model that uses
                               discounted future cash flows. Inputs to the model include market observable and non-market observable inputs.
                               Fair values for public stocks are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where it is principally traded. Fair
                               values for stocks for which there is no active market are determined by discounting expected future cash flows based on expected dividends and
                               where market value cannot be measured reliably, fair value is estimated to be equal to cost. Fair values for investment properties are determined
                               using independent appraisal services and include management adjustments for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or
                               general market conditions in the interim period between appraisals.

                               Investment impairment
                               Investments are reviewed regularly on an individual basis to determine impairment status. The Company considers various factors in the
                               impairment evaluation process, including, but not limited to, the financial condition of the issuer, specific adverse conditions affecting an industry
                               or region, decline in fair value not related to interest rates, bankruptcy or defaults and delinquency in payments of interest or principal. Investments
                               are deemed to be impaired when there is no longer reasonable assurance of timely collection of the full amount of the principal and interest due.
                               The fair value of an investment is not a definitive indicator of impairment, as it may be significantly influenced by other factors including the
                               remaining term to maturity and liquidity of the asset; however, market price is taken into consideration when evaluating impairment.




                               94   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 78                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 78                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              For impaired mortgages and bonds classified as loans and receivables, provisions are established or write-offs made to adjust the carrying value
              to the net realizable amount. Wherever possible the fair value of collateral underlying the loans or observable market price is used to establish
              the estimated realizable value. For impaired available-for-sale bonds recorded at fair value, the accumulated loss recorded in accumulated other
              comprehensive income (loss) is reclassified to net investment income. Impairments on available-for-sale debt instruments are reversed if there
              is objective evidence that a permanent recovery has occurred. All gains and losses on bonds classified or designated as fair value through profit
              or loss are already recorded in net investment income; therefore, in the event of an impairment, the reduction will be recorded in net investment
              income. As well, when determined to be impaired, interest is no longer accrued and previous interest accruals are reversed.

              Goodwill and intangibles impairment testing
              Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for impairment annually
              or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets that were previously impaired are reviewed at each
              reporting date for evidence of reversal. In the event that certain conditions have been met, the Company would be required to reverse the
              impairment loss or a portion thereof.
              Goodwill has been allocated to (cash generating unit) CGU groupings, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal
              reporting purposes. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of each CGU grouping to its recoverable amount. An
              impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
              Intangible assets have been allocated to CGUs, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes.
              Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment. If indicators of impairment
              have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and recognized as necessary. Impairment is assessed by comparing the carrying values
              of the assets to their recoverable amounts. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
              recoverable amount.
              The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use.
              Finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment and assess whether the amortization periods
              and methods are appropriate. If indicators of impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and then the amortization of
              these assets is adjusted or impairment is recognized as necessary.

              Insurance and investment contract liabilities




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts required, in addition to future premiums and investment income, to provide
              for future benefit payments, policyholder dividends, commission and policy administrative expenses for all insurance and annuity policies in-

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
              force with the Company. The Appointed Actuaries of the Company’s subsidiaries are responsible for determining the amount of the liabilities
              to make appropriate provisions for the Company’s obligations to policyholders. The Appointed Actuaries determine the liabilities for insurance
              contracts using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to the standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. The
              valuation uses the Canadian Asset Liability Method (CALM). This method involves the projection of future events in order to determine the
              amount of assets that must be set aside currently to provide for all future obligations and involves a significant amount of judgment.
              In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of mortality/morbidity, investment
              returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy options or provisions. The valuation
              assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a margin for adverse deviation. These margins are necessary to provide for
              possibilities of mis-estimation and/or future deterioration in the best-estimate assumptions and provide reasonable assurance that insurance
              contract liabilities cover a range of possible outcomes. Margins are reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.
              Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discounted cash flows utilizing the yield curves of financial instruments
              with similar cash flow characteristics.
              The earnings sensitivities illustrated in this “Accounting Policies – Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates” section represent impacts under
              the Company’s accounting policies as at December 31 2022, including accounting for insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and IAS 39. These
              sensitivities may change on transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9. The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined below.
              Mortality – A life insurance mortality study is carried out regularly for each major block of insurance business. The results of each study are used
              to update the Company’s experience valuation mortality tables for that business. Annuitant mortality is also studied regularly, and the results are
              used to modify established annuitant mortality tables. When there is insufficient data, use is made of the latest industry experience to derive an
              appropriate valuation mortality assumption. Improvement scales for life insurance and annuitant mortality are updated periodically based on
              population and industry studies, product specific considerations, as well as professional guidance. In addition, appropriate provisions are made
              for future mortality deterioration on term insurance.
              • A 2% increase in the best estimate life insurance mortality assumption would cause a decrease in net earnings of approximately $247 million.
              • A 2% decrease in the best estimate annuitant assumption would cause a decrease in net earnings of approximately $522 million.
              Morbidity – The Company uses industry developed experience tables modified to reflect emerging Company experience. Both claim incidence
              and termination are monitored regularly, and emerging experience is factored into the current valuation. For products for which morbidity is a
              significant assumption, a 5% decrease in best estimate termination assumptions for claim liabilities and a 5% increase in best-estimate incidence
              assumptions for active life liabilities would cause a decrease in net earnings of approximately $253 million.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    95




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 79




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 79                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Property and casualty reinsurance – Insurance contract liabilities for property and casualty reinsurance written by the Capital and Risk
                               Solutions segment are determined using accepted actuarial practices for property and casualty insurers in Canada. The insurance contract
                               liabilities are based on cession statements provided by ceding companies. In addition, insurance contract liabilities also include an amount for
                               incurred but not reported losses, which may differ significantly from the ultimate loss development. The estimates and underlying methodology
                               are continually reviewed and updated and adjustments to estimates are reflected in net earnings. The Capital and Risk Solutions segment
                               analyzes the emergence of claims experience against expected assumptions for each reinsurance contract separately and at the portfolio level. If
                               necessary, a more in depth analysis is undertaken of the cedant experience.
                               Investment returns – The assets which correspond to the different liability categories are segmented. For each segment, projected cash flows
                               from the current assets and liabilities are used in CALM to determine insurance contract liabilities. Cash flows from assets are reduced to provide
                               for asset default losses. Testing under a number of interest rate scenarios (including increasing, decreasing and fluctuating rates) is done to
                               provide for reinvestment risk because the Company’s sensitivity to interest rate movements varies at different terms.
                               The total provision for interest rate is sufficient to cover a broader or more severe set of risks than the minimum arising from the current Canadian
                               Institute of Actuaries prescribed scenarios. The range of interest rates covered by these provision is set in consideration of long-term historical
                               results and is monitored quarterly with a full review annually. The impact to the value of liabilities from an immediate parallel 1% increase or 1%
                               decrease in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of assets supporting the liabilities. Actual movements in interest rates
                               may produce different impacts on the value of liabilities, net of changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities, depending on the extent of
                               the change in interest rates in different geographies and at different durations. An immediate 1% increase in interest rates in Canada could lead
                               to an increase in the value of liabilities, net of changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities, and a decrease in net earnings, but the impact
                               would not be expected to be material.
                               The following is the impact to the value of liabilities net of changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities of an immediate parallel 1% increase
                               or 1% decrease in the interest rates as well as a corresponding parallel shift in the ultimate reinvestment rates, as defined in the actuarial standards.
                               • The effect of an immediate 1% increase in the low and high end of the range of interest rates recognized in the provisions would be to decrease
                                 these insurance and investment contract liabilities by approximately $92 million causing an increase in net earnings of approximately $79 million.
                               • The effect of an immediate 1% decrease in the low and high end of the range of interest rates recognized in the provisions would be to increase
                                 these insurance and investment contract liabilities by approximately $386 million causing a decrease in net earnings of approximately $290 million.
                               In addition to interest rates, the Company is also exposed to movements in equity markets.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash-flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks and investments
                               in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private stocks, and equity release mortgages.


 PART B
                               The value of the liabilities may fluctuate with changes in the value of the supporting assets. The liabilities for other products such as segregated
                               fund products with guarantees also fluctuate with equity values.
                               There may be additional market and liability impacts as a result of changes in the value of publicly traded common stocks and other non-fixed
                               income assets that will cause the liabilities to fluctuate differently than the equity values. This means that there is a greater impact on net earnings
                               from larger declines in equity values, relative to the change in equity values. Declines in equity values beyond those shown below would have a
                               greater impact on net earnings, relative to the change in equity values.
                               The following shows the expected impact of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the value of publicly traded common stocks on
                               insurance and investment contract liabilities and on the shareholders’ net earnings of the Company. The expected impacts take into account the
                               expected changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities and hedge assets:
                               • A 10% increase in publicly traded common stock values would be expected to additionally decrease non-participating insurance and
                                 investment contract liabilities by approximately $31 million, causing an increase in net earnings of approximately $27 million.
                               • A 10% decrease in publicly traded common stock values would be expected to additionally increase non-participating insurance and
                                 investment contract liabilities by approximately $31 million, causing a decrease in net earnings of approximately $28 million.
                               • A 20% increase in publicly traded common stock values would be expected to additionally decrease non-participating insurance and
                                 investment contract liabilities by approximately $43 million, causing an increase in net earnings of approximately $37 million.
                               • A 20% decrease in publicly traded common stock values would be expected to additionally increase non-participating insurance and
                                 investment contract liabilities by approximately $180 million, causing a decrease in net earnings of approximately $146 million.
                               The following provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value of other non-fixed
                               income assets on insurance and investment contract liabilities and on the shareholders’ net earnings of the Company. The expected impacts take
                               into account the expected changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities:
                               • A 5% increase in other non-fixed income asset values would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract
                                 liabilities by approximately $32 million, causing an increase in net earnings of approximately $26 million.
                               • A 5% decrease in other non-fixed income asset values would be expected to increase non-participating insurance and investment contract
                                 liabilities by approximately $90 million, causing a decrease in net earnings of approximately $70 million.
                               • A 10% increase in other non-fixed income asset values would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract
                                 liabilities by approximately $63 million, causing an increase in net earnings of approximately $52 million.
                               • A 10% decrease in other non-fixed income asset values would be expected to increase non-participating insurance and investment contract
                                 liabilities by approximately $302 million, causing a decrease in net earnings of approximately $236 million.


                               96   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                     B 80                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 80                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              The Canadian Institute of Actuaries Standards of Practice for the valuation of insurance contract liabilities establish limits on the investment
              return assumptions for publicly traded common stocks and other non-fixed income assets which are generally based on historical returns on
              market indices. The sensitivities shown in the tables above allow for the impact of changes in these limits following market declines.
              The best-estimate return assumptions for publicly traded common stocks, and other non-fixed income assets are primarily based on long-term
              historical averages. Changes in the current market could result in changes to these assumptions and will impact both asset and liability cash flows.
              • A 1% increase in the best estimate assumption would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance contract liabilities by approximately
                $676 million causing an increase in net earnings of approximately $525 million.
              • A 1% decrease in the best estimate assumption would be expected to increase non-participating insurance contract liabilities by approximately
                $806 million causing a decrease in net earnings of approximately $620 million.
              For a further description of the Company’s sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, refer to “Financial Instruments Risk
              Management”, note 8 in the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2022.
              Expenses – Contractual policy expenses (e.g. sales commissions) and tax expenses are reflected on a best estimate basis. Expense studies for
              indirect operating expenses are updated regularly to determine an appropriate estimate of future operating expenses for the liability type being
              valued. An inflation assumption is incorporated in the estimate of future operating expenses consistent with the interest rate scenarios projected
              under CALM as inflation is assumed to be correlated with new money interest rates. A 5% increase in the best estimate maintenance unit expense
              assumption would cause a decrease in net earnings of approximately $193 million.
              Policy termination – Studies to determine rates of policy termination are updated regularly to form the basis of this estimate. Industry data is
              also available and is useful where the Company has no experience with specific types of policies or its exposure is limited. The Company’s most
              significant exposures are in respect of the T-100 and Level Cost of Insurance Universal Life products in Canada and policy renewal rates at the end
              of the term for renewable term policies in the Canada and Capital and Risk Solutions segments. Industry experience has guided the Company’s
              assumptions for these products as its own experience is very limited. A 10% adverse change in the best-estimate policy termination and renewal
              assumptions would cause a decrease in net earnings of approximately $945 million.
              Utilization of elective policy options – There are a wide range of elective options embedded in the policies issued by the Company. Examples
              include term renewals, conversion to whole life insurance (term insurance), settlement annuity purchase at guaranteed rates (deposit annuities)
              and guarantee re-sets (segregated fund maturity guarantees). The assumed rates of utilization are based on Company or industry experience
              when it exists and otherwise based on judgement considering incentives to utilize the option. Generally, whenever it is clearly in the best interests




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              of an informed policyholder to utilize an option, then it is assumed to be elected.
              Policyholder dividends and adjustable policy features – Future policyholder dividends and other adjustable policy features are included in

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
              the determination of insurance contract liabilities with the assumption that policyholder dividends or adjustable benefits will change in the
              future in response to the relevant experience. The dividend and policy adjustments are determined consistent with policyholders’ reasonable
              expectations, such expectations being influenced by the participating policyholder dividend policies and/or policyholder communications,
              marketing material and past practice. It is the Company’s expectation that changes will occur in policyholder dividend scales or adjustable
              benefits for participating or adjustable business respectively, corresponding to changes in the best estimate assumptions, resulting in an
              immaterial net change in insurance contract liabilities. Where underlying guarantees may limit the ability to pass all of this experience back to
              the policyholder, the impact of this non-adjustability impacting shareholders’ net earnings is reflected in the impacts of changes in best estimate
              assumptions above.

              Income taxes
              The Company is subject to income tax laws in various jurisdictions. The Company’s operations are complex and related income tax interpretations,
              regulations and legislation that pertain to its activities are subject to continual change. As life insurance companies, the Company’s primary
              Canadian operating subsidiaries are subject to a regime of specialized rules prescribed under the Income Tax Act (Canada) for purposes of
              determining the amount of the companies’ income that will be subject to tax in Canada.
              Tax planning strategies to obtain tax efficiencies are used. The Company continually assesses the uncertainty associated with these strategies and
              holds an appropriate level of provisions for uncertain income tax positions. Accordingly, the provision for income taxes represents management’s
              interpretation of the relevant income tax laws and its estimate of current and deferred income tax balances for the period. Deferred income tax
              assets and liabilities are recorded based on expected future income tax rates and management’s assumptions regarding the expected timing of
              the reversal of temporary differences. The Company has substantial deferred income tax assets. The recognition of deferred income tax assets
              depends on management’s assumption that future earnings will be sufficient to realize the deferred benefit. The amount of the asset recorded is
              based on management’s best estimate of the realization of the asset.
              The audit and review activities of tax authorities may affect the ultimate determination of the amounts of income taxes payable or receivable,
              deferred income tax assets or liabilities and income tax expense. Therefore, there can be no assurance that income taxes will be payable as
              anticipated and/or the amount and timing of receipt or use of the income tax related assets will be as currently expected. Management’s
              experience indicates the taxation authorities are more aggressively pursuing perceived income tax issues and have increased the resources they
              put to these efforts.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    97




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 81




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 81                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Employee future benefits
                               The Company’s subsidiaries maintain contributory and non-contributory defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans for eligible
                               employees and advisors. The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average pay; however,
                               these plans are closed to new entrants. Many of the subsidiaries’ defined benefit pension plans also no longer provide future defined benefit
                               accruals. The Company’s defined benefit plan exposure is expected to reduce in future years. Where defined benefit pension accruals continue,
                               active plan participants share in the cost of benefits through employee contributions in respect of current service. Certain pension payments
                               are indexed on either an ad hoc basis or a guaranteed basis. The determination of the defined benefit obligation reflects pension benefits in
                               accordance with the terms of the plans. Assets supporting the funded pension plans are held in separate trusteed pension funds. Obligations
                               for the wholly unfunded plans are included in other liabilities and are supported by general assets. New hires and active plan participants in
                               defined benefit plans closed to future defined benefit accruals are eligible for defined contribution benefits. The defined contribution pension
                               plans provide pension benefits based on accumulated employee and employer contributions. The Company’s subsidiaries also provide
                               post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their dependents. These plans are also closed to
                               new entrants. For further information on the pension plans and other post-employment benefits refer to note 23 in the Company’s December 31,
                               2022 annual consolidated financial statements.
                               For the defined benefit plans, service costs and net interest costs are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Service costs
                               include current service cost, administration expenses, past service costs and the impact of curtailments and settlements. Re-measurements of
                               the defined benefit liability (asset) due to asset returns less (greater) than interest income, actuarial losses (gains) and changes in the asset ceiling
                               are recognized immediately in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
                               Accounting for defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefits requires estimates of expected increases in compensation levels,
                               indexation of certain pension payments, trends in health-care costs, the period of time over which benefits will be paid, as well as the appropriate
                               discount rates for past and future service liabilities. These assumptions are determined by management using actuarial methods, and are
                               reviewed and approved annually. Emerging experience that differs from the assumptions will be revealed in future valuations and will affect the
                               future financial position of the plans and net periodic benefit costs.

                               Actuarial assumptions – employee future benefits
                                                                                                                                    Defined benefit pension plans   Other post-employment benefits
                               At December 31                                                                                          2022                2021        2022              2021




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit cost
                                   Discount rate – past service liabilities                                                               2.6%               2.2%         3.1%              2.5%

 PART B
                                   Discount rate – future service liabilities                                                             3.3%               2.8%         3.0%              2.6%
                                   Rate of compensation increase                                                                          3.1%               3.0%            –                 –
                                   Future pension increases 1                                                                             1.7%               1.2%            –                 –

                               Actuarial assumptions used to determine defined benefit obligation
                                   Discount rate – past service liabilities                                                               5.0%               2.6%         5.3%              3.1%
                                   Rate of compensation increase                                                                          3.8%               3.1%            –                 –
                                   Future pension increases 1                                                                             2.3%               1.7%            –                 –

                               Medical cost trend rates
                                   Initial medical cost trend rate                                                                                                        4.8%              4.7%
                                   Ultimate medical cost trend rate                                                                                                       4.1%              4.1%
                                  Year ultimate trend rate is reached                                                                                                     2039              2039

                               1    Represents the weighted average of plans subject to future pension increases.

                               Actuarial assumptions – The period of time over which benefits are assumed to be paid is based on best estimates of future mortality, including
                               allowances for mortality improvements. This estimate is subject to considerable uncertainty, and judgment is required in establishing this
                               assumption. As mortality assumptions are significant in measuring the defined benefit obligation, the mortality assumptions applied by the
                               Company take into consideration such factors as age, gender and geographic location, in addition to an estimation of future improvements
                               in longevity.
                               The mortality tables are reviewed at least annually, and assumptions are in accordance with accepted actuarial practices. Emerging plan
                               experience is reviewed and considered in establishing the best estimate for future mortality.
                               As these assumptions relate to factors that are long-term in nature, they are subject to a degree of uncertainty. Differences between actual
                               experience and the assumptions, as well as changes in the assumptions resulting from changes in future expectations, result in increases or
                               decreases in the pension and post-employment benefits expense and defined benefit obligation in future years. There is no assurance that the
                               plans will be able to earn assumed rates of return, and market driven changes to assumptions could impact future contributions and expenses.




                               98      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 82                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 82                                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              The following table indicates the impact of changes to certain key assumptions related to pension and post-employment benefits.

              Impact of a change of 1.0% in actuarial assumptions on defined benefit obligation 1
                                                                                                                                                   1% increase                              1% decrease
                                                                                                                                            2022                  2021               2022                  2021

              Defined benefit pension plans:
              Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                                                   $       (733)       $      (1,199)       $         926        $      1,568
              Impact of a change to the rate of compensation increase                                                                            173                  299                 (156)               (269)
              Impact of a change to the rate of inflation                                                                                        340                  578                 (299)               (507)

              Other post-employment benefits:
              Impact of a change to assumed medical cost trend rates                                                                    $           14      $             24     $          (12)      $           (21)
              Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                                                              (22)                  (36)                25                    44

              1   To measure the impact of a change in an assumption, all other assumptions were held constant. It is expected that there would be interaction between at least some of the assumptions.

              Funding – The Company’s subsidiaries have both funded and unfunded pension plans as well as other post-employment benefit plans that are
              unfunded. The Company’s subsidiaries’ funded pension plans are funded to or above the amounts required by relevant legislation. During the year,
              the Company’s subsidiaries contributed $293 million ($299 million in 2021) to the pension plans and made benefit payments of $18 million ($19
              million in 2021) for post-employment benefits. The Company’s subsidiaries expect to contribute $296 million to the pension plans and make benefit
              payments of $19 million for post-employment benefits in 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B




                                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report          99




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                         B 83




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 83                                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               International Financial Reporting Standards
                               Due to the evolving nature of IFRS, there are a number of IFRS changes impacting the Company in 2022, as well as standards that could impact
                               the Company in future reporting periods. The Company actively monitors future IFRS changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards
                               Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the Company’s results or operations.
                               The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets and Annual Improvements
                               2018-2020 Cycle for the amendment to IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2022. The adoption of these amendments did not have a significant
                               impact on the Company’s financial statements.
                               For a further description of the impact of the accounting policy change, refer to note 2 of the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated
                               financial statements.
                               IFRS that have changed or may change subsequent to 2022 and could impact the Company in future reporting periods, are set out below and in the
                               following table:
                               IFRS 17 has replaced IFRS 4, effective January 1, 2023.
                               IFRS 17 sets out the requirements for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance contracts a company issues,
                               reinsurance contracts it holds, and investment contracts with discretionary participation features issued. Under IFRS 17, the Company will:
                               • Identify insurance contracts as arrangements where the Company accepts significant insurance risk from another party (the policyholder) by
                                 agreeing to compensate the policyholder or beneficiary of the contract for specified uncertain future events that adversely affect the policyholder
                                 and whose amount and timing is unknown.
                               • Separately account for specified embedded derivatives, distinct investment components, and distinct non-insurance goods and services from
                                 insurance contracts.
                               • Identify portfolios of insurance contracts, which comprises contracts that are subject to similar risks and managed together. Portfolios are further divided
                                 based on expected profitability at inception. At a minimum, each portfolio of insurance contracts issued shall be divided into the following groups:
                                 º Contracts that are onerous at initial recognition;
                                 º Contracts that at initial recognition have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently; and
                                 º Any of the remaining contracts in the portfolio.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               • Apply the three measurement models introduced by IFRS 17 as further described below:

                                 General Measurement Model (GMM)


 PART B
                                 The Company applies this model to its medium to long-term insurance products, such as individual protection, payout annuities, and longevity
                                 swaps.
                                 Under this model, the Company will measure insurance contract liabilities on the balance sheet as the total of:
                                 º The fulfilment cash flows (FCF) – the current estimates of amounts that a company expects to collect (e.g. premiums) and pay out (e.g. claims,
                                    benefits, expenses), including adjustments for the timing and the financial and non-financial risks of those amounts; and
                                 º The contractual service margin (CSM) – unearned profit for providing insurance coverage, which is subsequently recognized into profit or loss
                                    over time as the insurance services are provided.
                                 At the end of each period, the Company will recalculate the FCF and CSM, with the CSM subject to adjustments for interest accretion and certain
                                 changes to FCF relating to future service.

                                 Premium Allocation Approach (PAA)
                                 The Company applies this model to its short-term insurance products, such as group life and health.
                                 This simplified model can be used when the contract boundary is less than one year or the approach is expected to produce a similar liability amount
                                 as under the GMM. Under the PAA, the Company is exempted from calculating and explicitly accounting for the CSM. Instead the liability is set as the
                                 premiums received less acquisition expenses, premium revenue recognized, and amounts transferred to fund incurred claims.

                                 Variable Fee Approach (VFA)
                                 The Company applies this model to contracts with direct participating features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business
                                 with insurance guarantees, where an investment return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g. a portfolio
                                 of assets).
                                 Similar to the GMM, the VFA initially measures the insurance contract liabilities as the FCF plus CSM. Subsequently, the Company will recalculate
                                 the FCF and CSM, with the latter reflecting changes in the Company’s share of the pool of items (e.g. future fees and guarantee costs) and certain
                                 changes to FCF relating to future service.
                               A group of insurance contracts issued is considered onerous when the measurement leads to a negative CSM either at issue or when subsequently
                               measured. In this case, the CSM is not allowed to decrease below zero and a loss component is tracked.
                               The measurement of reinsurance contracts held is similar to insurance contracts issued with the following key differences: the CSM can be positive
                               or negative, and the VFA measurement model cannot be used.
                               On transition to IFRS 17, the Company will apply the full retrospective approach to all identified insurance contracts unless it is impracticable to do
                               so. When impracticable, the fair value approach will be applied.
                               The fair value approach calculates the CSM or loss component of the liability for remaining coverage as the difference between the fair value of a
                               group of insurance contracts at the date of transition and the FCF measured at that date.
                               100   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 84                                                                        P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 84                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              In addition, IFRS 9 will replace IAS 39, effective January 1, 2023. The standard provides changes to financial instruments accounting for
              the following:
              • Classification and measurement of financial instruments based on a business model approach for managing financial assets and the
                contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. All financial assets are measured as Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL), Fair
                Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI), or amortized cost;
              • Allowances for credit losses (ACL) are based on an Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for all financial assets, except for financial assets classified
                or designated as FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI. Under the ECL model, a loss allowance is recognized and maintained
                equal to 12 months of expected credit losses upon initial recognition. If credit risk subsequently increases significantly, or an asset becomes
                credit-impaired, the loss allowance is increased to cover full, lifetime expected credit losses. Changes in the required loss allowance will be
                recorded in net investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings; and
              • Hedge accounting that incorporates the risk management practices of an entity, which will not have a material impact to the Company.
              The current disclosure for the measurement and classification of the Company’s portfolio investments (note 6 to the Company’s December 31, 2022
              annual consolidated financial statements) provides most of the information required by IFRS 9.
              The Company’s date of initial application of IFRS 9 is January 1, 2023 and the Company anticipates electing the option of presenting comparative
              information about a financial asset as if the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 had been applied to that financial asset in the
              comparative period, as permitted by the amendment to IFRS 17 published by the IASB in December 2021. IFRS 9 includes an accounting policy
              choice to retain the IAS 39 requirements for hedge accounting, which the Company is currently evaluating.
              The adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 is expected to result in an overall reduction of total assets of approximately $16.4 billion, total liabilities of $13.0
              billion, and total equity of approximately $3.4 billion to the transition balance sheet as at January 1, 2022.
              Asset and liability reclassifications in the transition balance sheet were primarily driven by changes to the groupings of certain assets and liabilities,
              reclassifications of certain insurance contract liabilities to investment contract liabilities, and presenting liabilities on account of segregated fund
              policyholders separately between insurance and investment contract liabilities. IFRS 9 adjustments primarily relate to a change in designation
              of certain loans and receivables held at amortized cost under IAS 39 to FVTPL under IFRS 9. IFRS 17 adjustments relate to changes in insurance
              contract liabilities and reinsurance assets, which are primarily the result of the establishment of CSM for in-force contracts of $6.3 billion associated
              with the shareholders’ account and $2.3 billion associated with the participating account, partially offset by the removal of provisions no longer
              required under IFRS 17. This does not include the CSM on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a material impact on capital or




                                                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              opening equity.
              Total equity is expected to decrease by approximately $3.4 billion, split $0.2 billion for the participating account surplus and $3.2 billion for the
              shareholders’ account surplus.

                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
              These impacts are based on the assessments undertaken to date. The exact financial impacts of the accounting changes of adopting IFRS 17 and IFRS
              9 may be revised as further analysis is completed prior to presentation of financial information for periods including the date of initial application.
              The Company expects to be in a position to issue further guidance on the impact of adopting IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 in conjunction with the first quarterly
              report to shareholders for the financial year commencing January 1, 2023.

               Standard                         Summary of Future Changes

               IAS 1 – Presentation of          In February 2021, the IASB published Disclosure of Accounting Policies, amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial
               Financial Statements             Statements. The amendments clarify how an entity determines whether accounting policy information is material.
                                                These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with earlier application
                                                permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements as a result of
                                                these amendments.
               IAS 8 – Accounting Policies,     In February 2021, the IASB published Definition of Accounting Estimates, amendments to IAS 8, Accounting Policies,
               Changes in Accounting            Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors. The amendments clarify the difference between an accounting policy and
               Estimates and Errors             an accounting estimate.
                                                These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with earlier application
                                                permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements as a result of
                                                these amendments.

               IAS 12 – Income Taxes            In May 2021, the IASB published Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities from a Single Transaction, amendments
                                                to IAS 12, Income Taxes. The amendments clarify that for transactions in which both deductible and taxable temporary
                                                differences arise on initial recognition that result in deferred tax assets and liabilities of the same amount, deferred tax
                                                assets and liabilities are to be recognized.
                                                These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with earlier application
                                                permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements as a result of
                                                these amendments.
               IFRS 16 – Leases                 In September 2022, the IASB published Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback, amendments to IFRS 16, Leases. The
                                                amendments clarify that in a sale and leaseback transaction, the seller-lessee subsequent measurement of the lease
                                                liability arising from a leaseback does not recognize any amount of gain or loss related to the right of use it retains.
                                                These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024 with earlier application
                                                permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements as a result of
                                                these amendments.


                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   101




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B 85




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 85                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Other Information

                               Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                               The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each of its business
                               units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is presented other than in accordance
                               with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial
                               statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a
                               standardized meaning under GAAP and may not be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find
                               these financial measures useful in understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.

                               Base earnings (loss)
                               Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure to
                               understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items:
                               • The impact of actuarial assumption changes and other management actions;
                               • The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of
                                 hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which includes:
                                 º the impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the performance of the related
                                   hedge assets;
                                 º the impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
                                 º the impact on general fund equity and investment properties supporting insurance contract liabilities;
                                 º other market impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities and deferred tax liabilities, including those arising from the difference
                                   between actual and expected market movements; and
                               • Certain items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company’s underlying business performance including restructuring costs,
                                 integration costs related to business acquisitions, material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible
                                 assets, impact of substantially enacted income tax rate changes and other tax impairments and net gains, losses or costs related to the




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                 disposition or acquisition of a business.



 PART B
                               Lifeco
                                                                                                                       For the three months ended                      For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                             Dec. 31              Sept. 30          Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                              2022                 2022              2021                2022               2021

                               Base earnings                                                             $        892         $         688     $           825    $       3,219       $      3,260

                               Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings
                                   Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions (pre-tax)   $          49        $           24    $            28    $          88       $        148
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                –                    44                 (5)              41                (14)
                                   Market-related impact on liabilities (pre-tax)                                   46                   (54)                22              (41)                35
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                               (8)                    9                 (2)               8                (11)
                                   Transaction costs related to acquisitions (pre-tax)                              (5)                   16                (76)             (68)              (207)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                –                     4                  2               19                 18
                                   Restructuring and integration costs (pre-tax)                                   (43)                  (58)               (21)            (178)               (90)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                               11                    15                  6               47                 24
                                   Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)                                         55                     –                  –               55                  –
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                               29                     –                  –               29                (21)
                                   Net gain/charge on business dispositions (pre-tax)                                –                     –                (14)               –                (14)
                                     Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                     $        102         $         (72)    $           (61)   $        (144)      $       (128)
                                     Impact of items excluded from base earnings on income taxes                   32                    72                   1              144                  (4)
                               Net earnings – common shareholders                                        $      1,026         $         688     $           765    $       3,219       $      3,128




                               102   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 86                                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 86                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Canada
                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                        For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                       Dec. 31               Sept. 30            Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                        2022                  2022                2021                2022               2021

              Base earnings                                                                        $        295          $         283      $         317       $       1,146       $       1,220

              Items excluded from base earnings
                  Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions (pre-tax)              $              1      $        (164)     $          (18)     $        (161)      $         (58)
                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                              1                 44                   5                 44                  15
                  Market-related impacts on liabilities (pre-tax)                                                (2)                (4)                  4                  4                  13
                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                              1                  1                  (1)                (1)                 (3)
                  Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)                                                       55                  –                   –                 55                   –
                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             29                  –                   –                 29                   –
              Net earnings – common shareholders                                                   $        380          $         160      $         307       $       1,116       $       1,187


              United States
                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                        For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                       Dec. 31               Sept. 30            Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                        2022                  2022                2021                2022               2021

              Base earnings                                                                        $        185          $         204      $         156       $         652       $        671

              Items excluded from base earnings
                  Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions (pre-tax)              $           –         $            –     $            2      $           –       $           7
                       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            –                      –                  –                  –                  (1)
                  Market-related impact on liabilities (pre-tax)                                              12                    (28)                (1)               (40)                 (5)
                       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           (3)                     6                  –                  8                   –
                  Restructuring and integration costs (pre-tax)                                              (43)                   (58)               (21)              (178)                (90)
                       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           11                     15                  6                 47                  24




                                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                  Transaction costs related to acquisitions (pre-tax)                                          –                     21                (52)               (48)               (115)
                       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            –                      4                  2                 19                   8


                                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
              Net earnings – common shareholders                                                   $        162          $         164      $              92   $         460       $        499


              Europe
                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                        For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                       Dec. 31               Sept. 30            Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                        2022                  2022                2021                2022               2021

              Base earnings                                                                        $        239          $         200      $         213       $         892       $        830

              Items excluded from base earnings
                  Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions (pre-tax)              $             38      $           77     $           59      $         128       $        219
                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             (1)                 (8)               (13)               (11)               (33)
                  Market-related impact on liabilities (pre-tax)                                                 21                 (17)                19                 (7)                27
                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             (5)                  2                 (1)                 2                 (8)
                  Transaction costs related to acquisitions (pre-tax)                                            (5)                 (5)               (24)               (20)               (24)
                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                              –                   –                  –                  –                  –
                  Tax legislative changes impact                                                                  –                   –                  –                  –                (21)
                  Net gain/charge on business dispositions (pre-tax)                                              –                   –                (14)                 –                (14)
              Net earnings – common shareholders                                                   $        287          $         249      $         239       $         984       $        976


              Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                        For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                       Dec. 31               Sept. 30            Dec. 31             Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                        2022                  2022                2021                2022               2021

              Base earnings                                                                        $        187          $              1   $         145       $         532       $        547

              Items excluded from base earnings
                  Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions (pre-tax)              $             10      $         111      $          (15)     $         121       $         (20)
                       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                               –                  8                   3                  8                   5
                  Market-related impact on liabilities (pre-tax)                                                 15                 (5)                  –                  2                   –
                       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                              (1)                 –                   –                 (1)                  –
              Net earnings – common shareholder                                                    $        211          $         115      $         133       $         662       $        532


                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     103




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B 87




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 87                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Lifeco Corporate
                                                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31               Sept. 30           Dec. 31              Dec. 31              Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                         2022                  2022               2021                 2022                 2021

                               Base earnings (loss)                                                                                 $         (14)       $               –   $             (6)   $               (3)   $             (8)

                               Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                   Transaction costs related to acquisitions (pre-tax)                                              $             –      $               –   $             –     $               –     $         (68)
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              –                      –                 –                     –                10
                               Net earnings (loss) – common shareholder                                                             $         (14)       $               –   $             (6)   $               (3)   $         (66)

                               Premiums and deposits
                               Total premiums and deposits include premiums on risk-based insurance and annuity products net of ceded reinsurance (as defined under IFRS
                               as net premium income), premium equivalents on self-funded group insurance ASO contracts, deposits on individual and group segregated
                               fund products as well as deposits on proprietary mutual funds and institutional accounts. This measure provides an indicator of top-line growth.

                                                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31               Sept. 30           Dec. 31              Dec. 31              Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                         2022                  2022               2021                 2022                 2021

                               Total net premiums                                                                                   $      8,544         $      13,921       $     12,989        $      52,821         $     52,813
                               Policyholder deposits (segregated funds) 1                                                                 13,775                11,723              8,337               40,618               29,657
                               Self-funded premium equivalents (ASO contracts) and other                                                   2,684                 2,637              4,556               10,953               11,108
                               Proprietary mutual funds and institutional deposits                                                        19,162                15,984             21,772               69,787               75,225
                               Total premiums and deposits                                                                          $     44,165         $      44,265       $     47,654        $ 174,179             $ 168,803

                               1   For additional details, refer to note 14(b) to the Company’s December 31, 2022 annual consolidated financial statements.


                               Assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA)




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Assets under management and assets under administration are non-GAAP measures that provide an indicator of the size and volume of the
                               Company’s overall business. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered
                               when comparing volumes, size and trends.

 PART B
                               Total assets under administration includes total assets per financial statements, proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets and other
                               assets under administration.

                               Lifeco
                                                                                                                                                                                 Dec. 31              Sept. 30             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                                  2022                 2022                 2021

                               Total assets per financial statements                                                                                                         $   701,455         $ 672,764             $   630,488
                                    Other AUM                                                                                                                                    331,734           319,141                 377,155
                               Total AUM                                                                                                                                     $ 1,033,189         $ 991,905             $ 1,007,643
                                    Other AUA 1                                                                                                                                1,464,523          1,392,368              1,283,949
                               Total AUA 1                                                                                                                                   $ 2,497,712         $ 2,384,273           $ 2,291,592

                               1   2021 comparative figures have been restated to include Financial Horizons Group and Excel Private Wealth Inc. assets under administration in the Canada segment.


                               Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                 Dec. 31              Sept. 30             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                                  2022                 2022                 2021

                               Canada wealth fee business AUA 1
                                   Segregated fund assets                                                                                                                    $     93,816        $      89,892         $   101,537
                                   Other AUM                                                                                                                                        4,057                3,964               5,742
                                   Wealth fee business other AUA 1                                                                                                                 23,975               23,143              27,340
                               Total Canada wealth fee business AUA 1                                                                                                        $   121,848         $ 116,999             $   134,619

                                     Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                                         $   101,266         $      99,304         $   102,445
                                     Add: Other AUA                                                                                                                                2,369                 2,362               2,275

                                     Consolidated Canada balance sheet assets                                                                                                $   195,082         $ 189,196             $   203,982
                                     Consolidated Canada other AUM                                                                                                                 4,057             3,964                   5,742
                                     Consolidated Canada other AUA 1                                                                                                              26,344            25,505                  29,615
                               Total Canada AUA 1                                                                                                                            $   225,483         $ 218,665             $   239,339

                               1   2021 comparative figures have been restated to include Financial Horizons Group and Excel Private Wealth Inc. assets under administration.



                               104    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 88                                                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 88                                                                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              United States
                                                                                                                                                                Dec. 31              Sept. 30            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                 2022                 2022                2021

              Financial Services
                  Personal Capital other AUM                                                                                                               $         31,171     $      28,371       $      29,231

                    Empower AUA
                       General account                                                                                                                             99,839             102,856              47,408
                       Segregated funds                                                                                                                           159,901             156,492             109,450
                       Other AUM                                                                                                                                   53,482              50,544              53,413
                       Other AUA                                                                                                                                1,426,834           1,356,223           1,241,974
                    Empower AUA                                                                                                                            $ 1,740,056          $ 1,666,115         $ 1,452,245

              Putnam other AUM                                                                                                                             $     222,363        $ 217,679           $    257,216
              Subtotal                                                                                                                                     $ 1,993,590          $ 1,912,165         $ 1,738,692

                    Add: Other AUM consolidation adjustment                                                                                                $      (29,878)      $     (28,166)      $     (28,927)
                    Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                                                51,013              43,672              51,353

                    Consolidated United States balance sheet assets                                                                                        $      310,753       $ 303,020           $     208,211
                    Consolidated United States other AUM                                                                                                          277,138          268,428                310,933
                    Consolidated United States other AUA                                                                                                        1,426,834        1,356,223              1,241,974
              Total United States AUA                                                                                                                      $ 2,014,725          $ 1,927,671         $ 1,761,118


              Europe
                                                                                                                                                                Dec. 31              Sept. 30            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                 2022                 2022                2021

              Europe wealth and investment only AUA




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                  Segregated fund assets                                                                                                                   $     127,807        $ 116,788           $    138,963
                  Other AUM                                                                                                                                       50,539           46,749                 60,480
                  Other AUA                                                                                                                                       11,345           10,640                 12,360

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
              Total Europe wealth and investment only AUA                                                                                                  $     189,691        $ 174,177           $    211,803

                    Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                                        $         51,467     $      48,495       $      61,936

                    Consolidated Europe balance sheet assets                                                                                               $     179,274        $ 165,283           $    200,899
                    Consolidated Europe other AUM                                                                                                                 50,539           46,749                 60,480
                    Consolidated Europe other AUA                                                                                                                 11,345           10,640                 12,360
              Total Europe AUA                                                                                                                             $     241,158        $ 222,672           $    273,739


              Core net earnings (loss)
              For its Asset Management (Putnam) business unit in the U.S segment, the Company discloses core net earnings (loss), which is a measure of the
              business unit’s performance. Core net earnings (loss) includes the impact of dealer commissions and software amortization and excludes the
              impact of certain corporate financing charges and allocations, certain tax adjustments and other non-recurring transactions.

                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                       Dec. 31              Sept. 30             Dec. 31             Dec. 31             Dec. 31
              (In US$ million, unless otherwise noted)                                                                  2022                 2022                 2021                2022                2021

              Fee and net investment income                                                                        $        220         $         200       $          254      $          853      $         990
                   Less: Expenses                                                                                           218                   214                  225                 873                890
              Core earnings                                                                                        $             2      $          (14)     $              29   $           (20)    $         100
                   Less: Income taxes                                                                                            1                  (1)                     9                (2)               26
              Core net earnings (loss)                                                                             $           1        $          (13)     $              20   $           (18)    $              74
              Non-core net earnings (loss)                                                                                   (21)                   (4)                    15               (32)                    2
              Net earnings (loss)                                                                                  $         (20)       $          (17)     $              35   $           (50)    $              76
              Net earnings (loss) (C$)                                                                             $         (27)       $          (22)     $              43   $           (66)    $              95

              1   For the Asset Management business unit, there were no differences between net earnings (loss) and base earnings (loss) in the periods presented.




                                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report      105




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                         B 89




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 89                                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Non-GAAP Ratios
                               A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not disclosed in the financial
                               statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components. These financial measures do not have a
                               standardized definition under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other issuers.
                               The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings (loss) reflect
                               management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure to understand the underlying
                               business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                               • Base dividend payout ratio – Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
                               • Base earnings per share – Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares outstanding for the period.
                               • Base earnings per share (diluted) – Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares outstanding on
                                 a diluted basis for the period.
                               • Base return on equity – Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common shareholders’ equity over the
                                 trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
                               • Core margin (pre-tax) – The metrics relates to the Asset Management line of business within the United States segment and is calculated by
                                 dividing core earnings by fee and net investment income.
                               • Cost of management ratio – Compares the amount paid by the Company to compensate its Named Executive Officers (NEOs) relative to the
                                 Company’s base earnings for the same period. Calculated by dividing total annual compensation paid to NEOs (as disclosed in the Executive
                                 Compensation section of the Company’s management proxy circular) by base earnings for the year.
                               • Effective income tax rate – base earnings – common shareholders – Calculated by adjusting the Company’s reported income taxes and net
                                 earnings before income taxes attributable to common shareholders to remove the impact of items excluded from base earnings, to calculate
                                 the effective tax rate for common shareholders.

                               Glossary
                               • Actuarial assumption changes and other management actions – In accordance with the OSFI “Source of Earnings Disclosure (Life Insurance




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                 Company)” Guideline D-9, actuarial assumption changes and other management actions represent the impact on net income resulting from
                                 management actions, changes in actuarial assumptions or methodology, changes in margins for adverse deviations, and correction of errors.
                                 Within the Source of Earnings Disclosure, management actions include the net gain or charge on business dispositions and transactions

 PART B
                                 costs related to acquisition. The reconciliation between net earnings (loss) - common shareholders and base earnings (loss) presents the net
                                 gain or charge on business dispositions and transactions costs related to acquisition separately from actuarial assumption changes and other
                                 management actions.
                               • Book value per common share – Measure is calculated by dividing Lifeco’s common shareholder’s equity by the number of common shares
                                 outstanding at the end of the period.
                               • Common shareholder’s equity – A financial measure comprised of the following items from Lifeco’s balance sheet: share capital – common
                                 shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
                               • Dividend payout ratio – Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings – common shareholders.
                               • Financial leverage ratio – Defined as debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated capitalization.
                               • Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) – Items impacting the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings, such as
                                 income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average rate for the period. These measures
                                 highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar equivalent IFRS results and have been calculated using the
                                 average rates, as shown below, in effect at the date of the comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it facilitates the
                                 comparability of results between periods.

                                                                                                                                                                    December 31
                                 Period ended                                                                                                                2022                 2021

                                 United States dollar                                                                                                           1.36                 1.26
                                 British pound                                                                                                                  1.59                 1.70
                                 Euro                                                                                                                           1.39                 1.44




                               106   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 90                                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 90                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              • Market-related impacts on liabilities – The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market impacts on insurance and
                investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which includes:
                 º the impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the performance of the related
                   hedge assets;
                 º the impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
                 º the impact on general fund equity and investment properties supporting insurance contract liabilities;
                 º other market impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities and deferred tax liabilities, including those arising from the difference
                   between actual and expected market movements.
              • Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) – is an independent Canadian federal government agency that
                regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether they are in sound financial
                condition and meeting their requirements.
              • Return on common shareholder’s equity (ROE) – Net earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
                shareholders’ equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
              • Sales – Sales are measured according to product type:
                 º For risk-based insurance and annuity products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums expected in the first twelve
                   months of the plan.
                 º Group insurance and ASO sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new benefits covered or
                   expansion of coverage on existing policies.
                 º For individual wealth management products, sales include deposits on segregated fund products, proprietary mutual funds and institutional
                   accounts as well as deposits on non-proprietary mutual funds.
                 º For group wealth management products, sales include assets transferred from previous plan providers and the expected annual contributions
                   from the new plan.
              • Segmented common shareholder’s equity – The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates financing costs in proportion
                to allocated capital. For the Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments (essentially Canada Life), this allocation method




                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                generally tracks the regulatory capital requirements, while for U.S. Financial Services and U.S. Asset Management (Putnam), it tracks the
                financial statement carrying value of the business units. Total leverage capital is consistently allocated across all business units in proportion
                to total capital resulting in a debt-to-equity ratio in each business unit mirroring the consolidated Company.

                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
                 The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs are therefore
                 based on the capital the business unit has been allocated and the financing charges associated with that capital. IFRS does not prescribe the
                 calculation of ROE and therefore a comparable measure under IFRS is not available.
              • Other assets under management – Includes external client funds where the Company has oversight of the investment policies. Services
                provided in respect of proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets include the selection of investments, the provision of investment
                advice and discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients.
              • Other assets under administration – Includes assets where the Company only provides administration services for which the Company earns
                fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the clients and the Company does not direct the investing activities. Services
                provided relating to assets under administration include recordkeeping, safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of transactions
                or other administrative services. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be
                considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.
              • Net cash flows and net asset flows – Indicator of the Company’s ability to attract and retain business. Net cash flows and net asset flows are
                measured by the following:
                 º Canada wealth management net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and non-
                   proprietary mutual funds.
                 º Europe wealth and investment only net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual
                   funds and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
                 º Empower net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets, proprietary and non-
                   proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
                 º Putnam net asset flows include mutual fund and institutional sales and redemptions.




                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   107




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                            B 91




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 91                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Selected Annual Information
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Years ended December 31
                               (in $ millions, except per share amounts)                                                                                                             2022                   2021                 2020

                               Total revenue                                                                                                                                    $      44,662         $     64,417         $     60,583

                               Earnings – common shareholders
                                    Net earnings                                                                                                                                         3,219                3,128                2,943
                                    Base earnings 1                                                                                                                                      3,219                3,260                2,669
                               Net earnings per common share
                                    Basic – net earnings                                                                                                                                 3.455                3.365                3.173
                                    Diluted – net earnings                                                                                                                               3.452                3.360                3.172
                                    Basic – base earnings 2                                                                                                                              3.455                3.507                2.878
                                    Diluted – base earnings 2                                                                                                                            3.452                3.502                2.877
                               Total assets under administration
                                    Total assets                                                                                                                                $    701,455          $ 630,488            $ 600,490
                                    Proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets 3                                                                                              331,734            377,155              350,943
                                     Total assets under management 1                                                                                                                1,033,189             1,007,643              951,433
                                     Other assets under administration 3,4                                                                                                          1,464,523             1,283,949            1,034,096
                                     Total assets under administration 1,4                                                                                                      $ 2,497,712           $ 2,291,592          $ 1,985,529

                               Total liabilities                                                                                                                                $    669,137          $ 600,005            $ 573,475

                               Dividends paid per share
                                    Series F First Preferred 5                                                                                                                             –                1.4750               1.4750
                                    Series G First Preferred                                                                                                                          1.3000                1.3000               1.3000
                                    Series H First Preferred                                                                                                                         1.21252               1.21252              1.21252
                                    Series I First Preferred                                                                                                                          1.1250                1.1250               1.1250




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Series L First Preferred                                                                                                                         1.41250               1.41250              1.41250
                                    Series M First Preferred                                                                                                                           1.450                 1.450                1.450
                                    Series N First Preferred 6                                                                                                                      0.437252              0.437252             0.544000

 PART B
                                    Series O First Preferred 7                                                                                                                             –                     –             0.556412
                                    Series P First Preferred                                                                                                                           1.350                 1.350                1.350
                                    Series Q First Preferred                                                                                                                          1.2875                1.2875               1.2875
                                    Series R First Preferred                                                                                                                           1.200                 1.200                1.200
                                    Series S First Preferred                                                                                                                        1.312500              1.312500             1.312500
                                    Series T First Preferred                                                                                                                          1.2875                1.2875               1.2875
                                    Series Y First Preferred 8                                                                                                                        1.1250                0.2589                    –
                                    Common                                                                                                                                             1.960                 1.804                1.752

                               1   This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
                               2   This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
                               3   Refer to the “Glossary” section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                               4   2021 and 2020 comparative figures have been restated to include Financial Horizons Group and Excel Private Wealth Inc. assets under administration in the Canada segment.
                               5   On December 31, 2021, Lifeco redeemed all of its outstanding 5.90% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series F, at a redemption price of $25.00 per share plus an amount equal to all declared
                                   and unpaid dividends, less any tax required to be deducted and withheld by Lifeco.
                               6   The Series N First Preferred Share dividend was reset to a five year fixed dividend rate of 1.749% per annum which applies until December 30, 2025.
                               7   Floating dividend rate which is reset quarterly to the three month Government of Canada Treasury Bill yield plus 1.30%. On December 31, 2020, all outstanding Series O Shares were automatically
                                   converted into Series N Shares on a one-for-one basis.
                               8   On October 8, 2021, the Company issued 8,000,000, 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series Y. Please refer to the “Lifeco Capital Structure” section of this document for additional details
                                   on the issuance.




                               108    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 92                                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 92                                                                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              Quarterly Financial Information
              (in $ millions,                                                               2022                                                                               2021
              except per share amounts)                      Q4                 Q3                     Q2                Q1                  Q4                   Q3                      Q2                 Q1

              Total revenue                              $   14,072       $     12,372             $    9,188      $      9,030         $    18,122         $     17,432              $   17,955       $     10,908

              Common shareholders
              Base earnings
                  Total 2                                $      892       $        688             $      830      $        809         $        825        $         870             $      826       $        739
                  Basic – per share 1                         0.957              0.738                  0.893             0.869                0.887                0.934                  0.889              0.796
                  Diluted – per share 1                       0.956              0.738                  0.892             0.868                0.885                0.932                  0.888              0.796

              Net earnings
                  Total                                  $    1,026       $        688             $      735      $        770         $        765        $         872             $      784       $        707
                  Basic – per share                           1.101              0.738                  0.789             0.827                0.822                0.938                  0.844              0.762
                  Diluted – per share                         1.100              0.738                  0.788             0.825                0.820                0.936                  0.842              0.761

              1   This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document for additional details.
              2   This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. The following items were excluded from base earnings in each quarter:


              Items excluded from base earnings
                                                                                            2022                                                                               2021
                                                             Q4                 Q3                     Q2                Q1                  Q4                   Q3                      Q2                 Q1
              Actuarial assumption changes and
                 other management actions (pre-tax)      $         49     $          24            $        24     $           (9)      $          28       $           74            $        42      $             4
                    Income tax (expense) benefit                    –                44                     (3)                 –                  (5)                  (5)                    (5)                   1
              Market-related impact on liabilities
                 (pre-tax)                                         46                (54)                   (19)              (14)                 22                   52                     (14)                (25)
                    Income tax (expense) benefit                   (8)                 9                      4                 3                  (2)                  (5)                     (5)                  1
              Transaction costs related to
                 acquisitions (pre-tax)                            (5)               16                     (71)               (8)                (76)                 (104)                   (25)                 (2)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                    Income tax (expense) benefit                    –                 4                      14                 1                   2                    14                      1                   1
              Restructuring and integration costs
                 (pre-tax)                                        (43)               (58)                   (60)              (17)                (21)                  (32)                   (21)                (16)
                    Income tax (expense) benefit                   11                 15                     16                 5                   6                     8                      6                   4


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
              Net gain/charge on business
                 dispositions (pre-tax)                             –                  –                     –                  –                 (14)                    –                      –                   –
                    Income tax (expense) benefit                    –                  –                     –                  –                   –                     –                      –                   –
              Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)             55                  –                     –                  –                   –                     –                      –                   –
                    Income tax (expense) benefit                   29                  –                     –                  –                   –                     –                    (21)                  –
              Total post-tax items excluded
                from base earnings                       $        134     $            –           $        (95)   $          (39)      $         (60)      $             2           $        (42)    $           (32)



              Lifeco’s consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $1,026 million for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $765
              million reported a year ago. On a per share basis, this represents $1.101 per common share ($1.100 diluted) for the fourth quarter of 2022
              compared to $0.822 per common share ($0.820 diluted) a year ago.
              Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022 was $14,072 million and comprises premium income of $8,544 million, regular net investment
              income of $2,176 million, a positive change in fair value through profit or loss on investment assets of $1,373 million and fee and other income
              of $1,979 million.




                                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         109




                                                              P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                           B 93




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 93                                                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                               Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                               The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by
                               the Company in reports filed or submitted by it under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a) recorded, processed, summarized
                               and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to
                               the Company’s senior management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial
                               Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s
                               disclosure controls and procedures as at December 31, 2022 and, based on such evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the
                               Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.


                               Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                               The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
                               reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s management is responsible
                               for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal control systems have inherent limitations and
                               may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
                               assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
                               The Company’s management, under the supervision of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief
                               Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 Internal Control
                               - Integrated Framework (COSO Framework) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The
                               Company’s management adopted the revised 2013 COSO Framework in 2015 as the basis to evaluate the effectiveness of the Lifeco’s internal
                               control over financial reporting.
                               During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, there have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that
                               have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Internal controls
                               over financial reporting have been adapted for the remote work environment that has resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic, as necessary,
                               and were effective. Management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2022
                               and, based on such evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer have




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective and that there are no material weaknesses in the Company’s
                               internal control over financial reporting.


 PART B
                               Limitation on Disclosure Controls and Procedures & Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                               As permitted by securities legislation, for the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company’s management has limited the scope of its design of
                               the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and the Company’s internal control over financial reporting to exclude controls, policies and
                               procedures of the Prudential’s full-service retirement services business, which the Company acquired on April 1, 2022.
                               During the year ended December 31, 2022, the acquired Prudential retirement services business had revenue of $609 million, net earnings of $94
                               million post-tax (base earnings of $172 million post-tax excluding negative market-related impact on liabilities of $9 million and integration costs
                               of $19 million post-tax) and other comprehensive loss of $43 million. The initial amounts assigned to the assets acquired, goodwill and intangible
                               assets on April 1, 2022 and reported as at December 31, 2022 were $124,967 million. The initial amounts assigned to the liabilities assumed
                               on April 1, 2022 and reported as at December 31, 2022 were $122,339 million. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed its
                               comprehensive evaluation of the fair value of net assets acquired from Prudential and the purchase price allocation.


                               Relationship with Power Corporation Group of Companies
                               Lifeco’s controlling shareholder is Power Financial Corporation (Power Financial), which is controlled by Power Corporation of Canada (Power
                               Corporation) and, ultimately, by the Desmarais Family Residuary Trust. The Company is related to other members of the Power Corporation
                               group of companies including IGM Financial Inc. (IGM), a company in the financial services sector, along with its subsidiaries. Power Corporation
                               also controls Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (Sagard), a multi-strategy alternative asset manager, Power Sustainable, a global multi-platform
                               alternative asset manager, and Portage Ventures (Portage), a global fintech venture capital investment strategy. Lifeco has a minority investment
                               in Sagard. Lifeco and Mackenzie Financial Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGM, are investors in Northleaf Capital Partners Ltd.
                               (Northleaf ), a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager. The Company and its subsidiaries invest in funds managed
                               by Sagard, Power Sustainable, Portage and Northleaf. Some of these related entities operate in similar or related sectors to those in which Lifeco’s
                               subsidiaries operate. A number of the Company’s directors are also directors or officers of Power Corporation or one of its affiliates.
                               Lifeco’s relationship with Power Financial, Power Corporation, Power Sustainable, IGM, Sagard, Portage and other members of the Power
                               Corporation group of companies enables Lifeco to access expertise and industry knowledge, achieve economies of scale and access investment
                               opportunities. As a result of these relationships, Lifeco and other members of the Power Corporation group of companies may become aware
                               of opportunities that are also of potential interest to other members of the group and Lifeco may share information for that purpose. Power
                               Corporation and Power Financial from time to time also assist Lifeco to identify and analyze strategic corporate opportunities that may be
                               of potential interest to it. However, Power Corporation and Power Financial have no commitment to Lifeco that would require them or their
                               respective subsidiaries, directors or officers to offer any particular opportunity to Lifeco.



                               110   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 94                                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 94                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Management’s Discussion and Analysis


              The Company has related party procedures that require, among other things, transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries and any
              member of the Power Corporation group of companies to be on terms no less favourable than market terms or where there is no open market,
              on terms that would reasonably be expected to provide at least fair value to the Company. Under the related party procedures, any material
              related party transactions must be reviewed and approved by a conduct review committee composed entirely of directors who are independent
              of management and Power Corporation and its affiliates.


              Transactions with Related Parties
              In the normal course of business, Canada Life and Putnam enter into various transactions with related companies which include providing
              insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power Corporation group of companies. In all cases, transactions
              were at market terms and conditions.
              During the year, Canada Life provided to and received from IGM and its subsidiaries, a member of the Power Corporation group of companies,
              certain administrative and information technology services. During 2021, Canada Life and IGM executed a termination agreement covering the
              transition of shared information technology services from Canada Life to alternate providers over a number of years. Canada Life also provided
              life insurance, annuity and disability insurance products under a distribution agreement with IGM. In addition, Canada Life provided distribution
              services to IGM. All transactions were provided at market terms and conditions.
              The Company owns 9,200,448 shares, held through Canada Life, representing 3.87% ownership interest in IGM, an affiliated company controlled
              by Power Corporation. The Company uses the equity method to account for its investment in IGM as it exercises significant influence. In 2022,
              the Company earned equity income of $30 million and received dividends of $21 million from the investment in IGM.
              Segregated funds of the Company were invested in funds managed by IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. Mackenzie
              Investments also manages certain of the Company’s portfolio investments. The Company also has interests in mutual funds, open-ended
              investment companies and unit trusts. Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of the Company and receive sub-advisory fees
              related to these services. During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries made additional investments in funds managed by related parties. All
              transactions were provided at market terms and conditions.
              At December 31, 2022, the Company held $85 million ($105 million in 2021) of debentures issued by IGM.
              The Company provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to pension




                                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              and other post-employment benefits for employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. These transactions were provided at market terms
              and conditions.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
              There were no material loans or guarantees issued to or from related parties during 2022. There were no significant outstanding loans or guarantees
              with related parties at December 31, 2022. There were no provisions for uncollectible amounts with related parties at December 31, 2022.


              Translation of Foreign Currency
              Through its operating subsidiaries, Lifeco conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the Canadian dollar, the
              U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars
              at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense items are translated at an average rate for the period. The rates
              employed are:

                                                                               2022                                                                   2021
              Period ended                     Dec. 31             Sept. 30               June 30         Mar. 31         Dec. 31         Sept. 30               June 30          Mar. 31

              United States dollar
              Balance sheet                $       1.35        $        1.38          $        1.29   $        1.25   $        1.27   $        1.27          $        1.24    $        1.26
              Income and expenses          $       1.36        $        1.31          $        1.28   $        1.27   $        1.26   $        1.26          $        1.23    $        1.27

              British pound
              Balance sheet                $       1.64        $        1.54          $        1.57   $        1.64   $        1.71   $        1.71          $        1.71    $        1.73
              Income and expenses          $       1.59        $        1.54          $        1.60   $        1.70   $        1.70   $        1.74          $        1.72    $        1.75

              Euro
              Balance sheet                $       1.45        $        1.35          $        1.35   $        1.38   $        1.44   $        1.47          $        1.47    $        1.47
              Income and expenses          $       1.39        $        1.31          $        1.36   $        1.42   $        1.44   $        1.48          $        1.48    $        1.53


              Additional information relating to Lifeco, including Lifeco’s most recent consolidated financial statements, CEO/CFO certification and Annual
              Information Form are available at www.sedar.com.




                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     111




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B 95




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 95                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 PART B




                                      Page intentionally left blank.


                               112   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 96                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 96                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Consolidated Statements of Earnings

              (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)

              For the years ended December 31                                                                                     2022               2021

              Income
                  Premium income
                      Gross premiums written                                                                                  $    64,718        $    57,397
                      Ceded premiums                                                                                              (11,897)            (4,584)
                    Total net premiums                                                                                             52,821             52,813
                    Net investment income (note 6)
                         Regular net investment income                                                                              8,146              6,393
                         Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                             (23,903)            (2,083)
                    Total net investment income (loss)                                                                            (15,757)                4,310
                    Fee and other income                                                                                            7,598                 7,294
                                                                                                                                   44,662             64,417
              Benefits and expenses
                  Policyholder benefits
                        Gross                                                                                                      58,836             49,355
                        Ceded                                                                                                      (2,888)            (3,544)
                    Total net policyholder benefits                                                                                55,948             45,811
                    Changes in insurance and investment contract liabilities
                          Gross                                                                                                   (24,006)                1,152
                          Ceded                                                                                                    (4,462)                1,891
                    Total net changes in insurance and investment contract liabilities                                            (28,468)                3,043
                    Policyholder dividends and experience refunds                                                                   2,184                 1,441
                    Total paid or credited to policyholders                                                                        29,664             50,295




                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                    Commissions                                                                                                     2,675                 2,664
                    Operating and administrative expenses (note 27)                                                                 7,109                 6,337


                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
                    Premium taxes                                                                                                     497                   500
                    Financing charges (note 16)                                                                                       398                   328
                    Amortization of finite life intangible assets (note 10)                                                           373                   336
                    Restructuring and integration expenses (note 4)                                                                   178                    90
              Earnings before income taxes                                                                                          3,768                 3,867
              Income taxes (note 26)                                                                                                  234                   304
              Net earnings before non-controlling interests                                                                         3,534                 3,563
              Attributable to non-controlling interests (note 18)                                                                     185                   301
              Net earnings                                                                                                          3,349                 3,262
              Preferred share dividends (note 20)                                                                                     130                   134
              Net earnings – common shareholders                                                                              $     3,219        $        3,128


              Earnings per common share (note 20)
                  Basic                                                                                                       $     3.455        $        3.365
                    Diluted                                                                                                   $     3.452        $        3.360




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     113




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    B 97




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 97                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

                               (in Canadian $ millions)

                               For the years ended December 31                                                                                                      2022           2021

                               Net earnings                                                                                                                     $     3,349    $     3,262
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)
                               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                   Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations                                                      497           (391)
                                   Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations                                                       88            117
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     28            (12)
                                   Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale assets                                                                              (986)          (131)
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    186             35
                                   Realized (gains) losses on available-for-sale assets                                                                                  44            (28)
                                        Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                     (7)             3
                                   Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                        (45)            60
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     12            (16)
                                   Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                                                                            –            (48)
                                        Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                      –             13
                                   Non-controlling interests                                                                                                            260            107
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    (73)           (30)
                                     Total items that may be reclassified                                                                                                  4          (321)
                               Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                   Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans (note 23)                                         505            705
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                   (130)          (190)
                                   Non-controlling interests                                                                                                            (41)           (67)
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     11             18
                                     Total items that will not be reclassified                                                                                         345            466




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Total other comprehensive income                                                                                                        349            145
                               Comprehensive income                                                                                                             $     3,698    $     3,407


 PART B




                               114    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                       B 98                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 98                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Consolidated Balance Sheets

              (in Canadian $ millions)

              December 31                                                                                                    2022               2021

              Assets
              Cash and cash equivalents (note 5)                                                                         $     7,290        $     6,075
              Bonds (note 6)                                                                                                 159,587            140,612
              Mortgage loans (note 6)                                                                                         39,529             28,852
              Stocks (note 6)                                                                                                 14,268             14,183
              Investment properties (note 6)                                                                                   8,344              7,763
              Loans to policyholders                                                                                           8,820              8,319
                                                                                                                             237,838            205,804
              Funds held by ceding insurers (note 7)                                                                          15,186             17,194
              Reinsurance assets (note 13)                                                                                    25,018             21,138
              Goodwill (note 10)                                                                                              10,604              9,081
              Intangible assets (note 10)                                                                                      6,209              5,514
              Derivative financial instruments (note 28)                                                                       2,314                967
              Owner occupied properties (note 11)                                                                                724                736
              Fixed assets (note 11)                                                                                             399                422
              Other assets (note 12)                                                                                           6,798              4,522
              Premiums in course of collection, accounts and interest receivable                                               6,980              6,366
              Current income taxes                                                                                               336                268
              Deferred tax assets (note 26)                                                                                    1,152              1,057
              Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 14)                                              387,897            357,419
              Total assets                                                                                               $ 701,455          $ 630,488


              Liabilities
              Insurance contract liabilities (note 13)                                                                   $ 233,888          $ 208,378




                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Investment contract liabilities (note 13)                                                                     13,810             12,455
              Debentures and other debt instruments (note 15)                                                               10,509              8,804


                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
              Funds held under reinsurance contracts                                                                         8,247              1,542
              Derivative financial instruments (note 28)                                                                     1,639              1,030
              Accounts payable                                                                                               3,194              3,032
              Other liabilities (note 17)                                                                                    8,794              6,063
              Current income taxes                                                                                             150                193
              Deferred tax liabilities (note 26)                                                                             1,009              1,089
              Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 14)                     387,897            357,419
              Total liabilities                                                                                              669,137            600,005

              Equity
              Non-controlling interests (note 18)
                   Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                               3,156                 3,138
                   Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                     152                   129
              Shareholders’ equity
                   Share capital (note 19)
                         Limited recourse capital notes                                                                        1,500              1,500
                         Preferred shares                                                                                      2,720              2,720
                         Common shares                                                                                         5,791              5,748
                   Accumulated surplus                                                                                        17,809             16,424
                   Accumulated other comprehensive income (note 24)                                                              981                632
                   Contributed surplus                                                                                           209                192
              Total equity                                                                                                    32,318             30,483
              Total liabilities and equity                                                                               $ 701,455          $ 630,488


              Approved by the Board of Directors:




              Signed,                              Signed,
              Jeffrey Orr                          Paul Mahon
              Chair of the Board                   President and Chief Executive Officer

                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     115




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                     B 99




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 99                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

                               (in Canadian $ millions)
                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                               Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                  other             Non-
                                                                                           Share         Contributed        Accumulated       comprehensive      controlling                Total
                                                                                          capital          surplus            surplus            income           interests                equity

                               Balance, beginning of year                             $      9,968       $       192        $    16,424        $           632   $        3,267        $    30,483
                               Net earnings                                                      –                 –              3,349                      –              185              3,534
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                 –                 –                  –                    349             (157)               192
                                                                                             9,968               192             19,773                    981            3,295             34,209
                               Dividends to shareholders
                                     Preferred shareholders (note 20)                               –               –               (130)                   –                      –           (130)
                                     Common shareholders                                            –               –             (1,826)                   –                      –         (1,826)
                               Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                  payment plans (note 19)                                           43           (54)                  –                    –                 50                     39
                               Share-based payment plans expense                                     –            67                   –                    –                  –                     67
                               Equity settlement of Putnam share-based plans                         –             –                   –                    –                (66)                   (66)
                               Recognition of non-controlling interest                               –             –                   –                    –                 15                     15
                               Disposal of investment in subsidiary                                  –             –                   8                    –                  6                     14
                               Shares cancelled under Putnam share-based plans                       –             4                   –                    –                 (4)                     –
                               Preferred share redemption costs                                      –             –                  (4)                   –                  –                     (4)
                               Dilution loss on non-controlling interests                            –             –                 (12)                   –                 12                      –
                               Balance, end of year                                   $     10,011       $       209        $    17,809        $           981   $        3,308        $    32,318

                                                                                                                                   December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                                                Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                   other                Non-
                                                                                           Share         Contributed        Accumulated        comprehensive         controlling            Total
                                                                                          capital          surplus            surplus             income              interests            equity




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Balance, beginning of year                             $      8,365       $       186        $    14,990        $           487   $        2,987        $    27,015
                               Net earnings                                                      –                 –              3,262                      –              301              3,563


 PART B
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                 –                 –                  –                    145              (28)               117
                                                                                             8,365               186             18,252                    632            3,260             30,695
                               Dividends to shareholders
                                     Preferred shareholders (note 20)                               –               –               (134)                   –                      –           (134)
                                     Common shareholders                                            –               –             (1,677)                   –                      –         (1,677)
                               Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                  payment plans (note 19)                                       97               (59)                  –                    –                 46                 84
                               Share-based payment plans expense                                 –                63                   –                    –                  –                 63
                               Equity settlement of Putnam share-based plans                     –                 –                   –                    –                (38)               (38)
                               Shares cancelled under Putnam share-based plans                   –                 2                   –                    –                 (2)                 –
                               Issuance of limited recourse capital notes (note 19)          1,500                 –                   –                    –                  –              1,500
                               Limited recourse capital notes issue costs (note 19)              –                 –                 (13)                   –                  –                (13)
                               Issuance of preferred shares (note 19)                          200                 –                   –                    –                  –                200
                               Redemption of preferred shares                                 (194)                –                   –                    –                  –               (194)
                               Share issue costs (note 19)                                       –                 –                  (3)                   –                  –                 (3)
                               Dilution loss on non-controlling interests                        –                 –                  (1)                   –                  1                  –
                               Balance, end of year                                   $      9,968       $       192        $    16,424        $           632   $        3,267        $    30,483




                               116    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                       B 100                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 100                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

              (in Canadian $ millions)

              For the years ended December 31                                                                                                                                         2022                 2021

              Operations
                  Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                                    $      3,768        $         3,867
                  Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                                              (348)                  (351)
                  Adjustments:
                       Change in insurance and investment contract liabilities                                                                                                        (23,273)                  1,819
                       Change in funds held by ceding insurers                                                                                                                           (294)                    845
                       Change in funds held under reinsurance contracts                                                                                                                  (294)                    (84)
                       Change in reinsurance assets                                                                                                                                     3,830                   1,915
                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                    23,903                   2,083
                       Other                                                                                                                                                             (245)                    279
                                                                                                                                                                                         7,047              10,373
              Financing Activities
                  Issue of common shares (note 19)                                                                                                                                          43                  97
                  Issue of preferred shares (note 19)                                                                                                                                        –                 200
                  Redemption of preferred shares (note 19)                                                                                                                                   –                (194)
                  Issue of limited recourse capital notes (note 19)                                                                                                                          –               1,500
                  Limited recourse capital notes issue costs (note 19)                                                                                                                       –                 (13)
                  Issue of euro-denominated debt (note 15)                                                                                                                                 691                   –
                  Increase in line of credit of subsidiaries 1                                                                                                                           1,096                  63
                  Decrease in line of credit of subsidiaries 1                                                                                                                            (495)               (827)
                  Increase (decrease) in debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                               5                  (4)
                  Share issue costs (note 19)                                                                                                                                                –                  (3)
                  Preferred share redemption costs                                                                                                                                          (4)                  –
                  Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                                                       (1,826)             (1,677)
                  Dividends paid on preferred shares (note 20)                                                                                                                            (130)               (134)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                          (620)                  (992)
              Investment Activities

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
                  Bond sales and maturities                                                                                                                                            27,036               27,288
                  Mortgage loan repayments                                                                                                                                              3,080                3,276
                  Stock sales                                                                                                                                                           4,278                6,286
                  Investment property sales                                                                                                                                                55                   40
                  Change in loans to policyholders                                                                                                                                       (171)                  64
                  Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired (note 3)                                                                                            (2,155)                (380)
                  Investment in bonds                                                                                                                                                 (26,810)             (35,169)
                  Investment in mortgage loans                                                                                                                                         (5,635)              (4,574)
                  Investment in stocks                                                                                                                                                 (4,461)              (7,073)
                  Investment in investment properties                                                                                                                                    (710)                (970)
                                                                                                                                                                                        (5,493)            (11,212)

              Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             281                    (40)
              Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                           1,215              (1,871)
              Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                                               6,075                  7,946
              Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                                                                              $      7,290        $         6,075


              Supplementary cash flow information
                  Interest income received                                                                                                                                        $      5,833        $         4,965
                  Interest paid                                                                                                                                                            408                    348
                  Dividend income received                                                                                                                                                 403                    382

              1   The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report          117




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                        B 101




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 101                                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)


                               1.     Corporate Information
                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated and domiciled in
                               Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, R3C 1V3. Lifeco is a member of the
                               Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a subsidiary of Power Corporation.
                               Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, investment management
                               and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe through its operating subsidiaries including The Canada Life
                               Assurance Company (Canada Life), Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower, formerly known as Great-West Life & Annuity
                               Insurance Company) and Putnam Investments, LLC (Putnam). Effective August 1, 2022, Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company changed
                               its legal name to Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America.
                               The consolidated financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approved by
                               the Board of Directors on February 8, 2023.

                               2.     Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                               The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards
                               (IFRS), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Consistent accounting policies were applied in the preparation of the
                               consolidated financial statements of the subsidiaries of the Company.

                               Changes in Accounting Policies
                               The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets and Annual Improvements
                               2018-2020 Cycle for the amendment to IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2022. The adoption of these amendments did not have a significant
                               impact on the Company’s financial statements.

                               Basis of Consolidation




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               The consolidated financial statements of the Company were prepared as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022 with comparative
                               information as at and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on
                               which the Company obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. The Company has control when it

 PART B
                               has the power to direct the relevant activities, has significant exposure to variable returns from these activities and has the ability to use its power
                               to affect the variable returns. All intercompany balances and transactions, including income and expenses, profits or losses and dividends, are
                               eliminated on consolidation.

                               Impact of COVID-19 and the Conflict Between Russia and Ukraine on Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
                               The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to result in uncertainty in global financial markets and the economic environment in which the Company
                               operates. The duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be unknown at this time, as is the efficacy of the associated fiscal and
                               monetary interventions by governments and central banks.
                               Global financial markets continued to be volatile during 2022, in part due to Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine and the related sanctions and
                               economic fallout. The Company continues to monitor potential impacts of the conflict, including financial impacts, heightened cyber risks, and
                               risks related to the global supply chain.
                               The results of the Company reflect management’s judgments regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global credit,
                               equities, investment properties, foreign exchange and inflation, as well as prevailing health and mortality experience.
                               The provision for future credit losses within the Company’s insurance contract liabilities relies upon investment credit ratings. In addition to
                               its own credit assessments, the Company’s practice is to use third party independent credit ratings where available. Management judgment is
                               required when setting credit ratings for instruments that do not have a third party credit rating. Given rapid market changes, third party credit
                               rating changes may lag developments in the current environment.
                               The fair value of portfolio investments (note 6), the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets (note 10), the valuation of insurance contract
                               liabilities (note 13) and the recoverability of deferred tax asset carrying values (note 26) reflect management’s judgment.
                               Given the uncertainty surrounding the current environment, the actual financial results could differ from the estimates made in preparation of
                               these financial statements.




                               118   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 102                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 102                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
              In preparation of these consolidated financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that
              affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some uncertainty is inherent in these judgments
              and estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant
              judgments have been made are listed below and discussed throughout the notes to these consolidated financial statements including:
              • Management uses judgment to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination.
              • Management uses independent qualified appraisal services to determine the fair value of investment properties, which utilize judgments
                and estimates. These appraisals are adjusted by applying management judgments and estimates for material changes in property cash flows,
                capital expenditures or general market conditions (note 6).
              • Management uses internal valuation models which utilize judgments and estimates to determine the fair value of equity release mortgages.
                These valuations are adjusted by applying management judgments and estimates for material changes in projected asset cash flows, and
                discount rates (note 6).
              • In the determination of the fair value of financial instruments, the Company’s management exercises judgment in the determination of fair
                value inputs, particularly those items categorized within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (note 9).
              • Cash generating units for intangible assets and cash generating unit groupings for goodwill have been determined by management as the
                lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes, which requires management judgment in the determination of the
                lowest level of monitoring (note 10).
              • Management evaluates the future benefit for initial recognition and measurement of goodwill and intangible assets as well as testing the
                recoverable amounts. The determination of the carrying value and recoverable amounts of the cash generating unit groupings for goodwill and
                cash generating units for intangible assets relies upon the determination of fair value or value-in-use using valuation methodologies (note 10).
              • Judgments are used by management in determining whether deferred acquisition costs and deferred income reserves can be recognized on
                the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred acquisition costs are recognized if management determines the costs meet the definition of an
                asset and are incremental and related to the issuance of the investment contract. Deferred income reserves are amortized on a straight-line
                basis over the term of the policy (notes 12 and 17).
              • Management uses judgment to evaluate the classification of insurance and reinsurance contracts to determine whether these arrangements




                                                                                                                                                                            GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                should be accounted for as insurance, investment or service contracts.
              • The actuarial assumptions, such as interest rates, inflation, policyholder behaviour, mortality and morbidity of policyholders, used in the
                valuation of insurance and certain investment contract liabilities under the Canadian Asset Liability Method require significant judgment and

                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
                estimation (note 13).
              • The actuarial assumptions used in determining the expense and benefit obligations for the Company’s defined benefit pension plans and
                other post-employment benefits requires significant judgment and estimation. Management reviews previous experience of its plan members
                and market conditions including interest rates and inflation rates in evaluating the assumptions used in determining the expense for the
                current year (note 23).
              • The Company operates within various tax jurisdictions where significant management judgments and estimates are required when interpreting
                the relevant tax laws, regulations and legislation in the determination of the Company’s tax provisions and the carrying amounts of its tax
                assets and liabilities (note 26).
              • Management applies judgment in assessing the recoverability of the deferred income tax asset carrying values based on future years’ taxable
                income projections (note 26).
              • Legal and other provisions are recognized resulting from a past event which, in the judgment of management, has resulted in a probable
                outflow of economic resources which would be passed to a third-party to settle the obligation. Management uses judgment to evaluate the
                possible outcomes and risks in determining the best estimate of the provision at the balance sheet date (note 29).
              • The operating segments of the Company are the segments reviewed by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer to assess performance and
                allocate resources within the Company. Management applies judgment in the aggregation of the business units into the Company’s operating
                segments (note 31).
              • The Company consolidates all subsidiaries and entities which management determines that the Company controls. Control is evaluated on
                the ability of the Company to direct the activities of the subsidiary or entity to derive variable returns and management uses judgment in
                determining whether control exists. Judgment is exercised in the evaluation of the variable returns and in determining the extent to which the
                Company has the ability to exercise its power to generate variable returns.
              • Management uses judgments, such as the determination of whether the Company retains the primary obligation with a client in sub-advisor
                arrangements. Where the Company retains the primary obligation to the client, revenue and expenses are recorded on a gross basis.
              • Within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, purchases and sales of portfolio investments are recorded within investment activities due
                to management’s judgment that these investing activities are long-term in nature.
              • The results of the Company reflect management’s judgments regarding the impact of prevailing global credit, equity and foreign exchange
                market conditions. The provision for future credit losses within the Company’s insurance contract liabilities relies upon investment credit
                ratings. The Company’s practice is to use third-party independent credit ratings where available. Management judgment is required when
                setting credit ratings for instruments that do not have a third-party rating.


                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   119




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         B 103




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 103                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies (cont’d)
                               The significant accounting policies are as follows:


                               (a) Portfolio Investments
                                      Portfolio investments include bonds, mortgage loans, stocks and investment properties. Portfolio investments are classified as fair
                                      value through profit or loss, available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, loans and receivables, equity-method investments or as non-financial
                                      instruments based on management’s intention relating to the purpose and nature of the instrument or characteristics of the investment.
                                      The Company has not classified any investments as held-to-maturity.
                                      Investments in bonds and stocks normally actively traded on a public market or where fair value can be reliably measured are either
                                      designated or classified as fair value through profit or loss or classified as available-for-sale on a trade date basis. Equity release mortgages
                                      are designated as fair value through profit or loss or classified as available-for-sale. A financial asset is designated as fair value through
                                      profit or loss on initial recognition if it eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch. Changes in the fair value of financial
                                      assets designated as fair value through profit or loss are generally offset by changes in insurance contract liabilities, since the measurement
                                      of insurance contract liabilities is determined with reference to the assets supporting the liabilities. A financial asset is classified as fair
                                      value through profit or loss on initial recognition if it is part of a portfolio that is actively traded for the purpose of earning investment
                                      income. Fair value through profit or loss investments are recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with realized and
                                      unrealized gains and losses reported in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Available-for-sale investments are recognized at fair
                                      value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with unrealized gains and losses recorded in other comprehensive income. Realized gains and
                                      losses on available-for-sale investments are reclassified from other comprehensive income and recorded in the Consolidated Statements
                                      of Earnings when the investment is sold. Interest income earned on both fair value through profit or loss and available-for-sale bonds is
                                      calculated using the effective interest method and is recorded as net investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                      Investments in stocks where a fair value cannot be measured reliably are classified as available-for-sale and carried at cost. Investments
                                      in stocks for which the Company exerts significant influence over but does not control are accounted for using the equity method of
                                      accounting. Investments in stocks over which the Company exerts significant influence but does not control include the Company’s
                                      investment in an affiliated company, IGM Financial Inc. (IGM), a member of the Power Corporation group of companies.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Investments in mortgages and bonds not normally actively traded on a public market are classified as loans and receivables and are carried
                                      at amortized cost net of any allowance for credit losses. Interest income earned and realized gains and losses on the sale of investments
                                      classified as loans and receivables are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and included in net investment income.

 PART B
                                      Investment properties are real estate held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation. Investment properties are initially measured
                                      at cost and subsequently carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All changes in fair value are recorded as net investment
                                      income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Properties held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation that have an
                                      insignificant portion that is owner occupied or where there is no intent to occupy on a long-term basis are classified as investment
                                      properties. Properties that do not meet these criteria are classified as owner occupied properties. Property that is leased that would
                                      otherwise be classified as investment property if owned by the Company is also included within investment properties.

                                      Fair Value Measurement
                                      Financial instrument carrying values necessarily reflect the prevailing market liquidity and the liquidity premiums embedded within the
                                      market pricing methods that the Company relies upon.
                                      Fair value movement on the assets supporting insurance contract liabilities is a major factor in the movement of insurance contract
                                      liabilities. Changes in the fair value of bonds designated or classified as fair value through profit or loss that support insurance and
                                      investment contract liabilities are largely offset by corresponding changes in the fair value of liabilities except when the bond has been
                                      deemed impaired.
                                      The following is a description of the methodologies used to value instruments carried at fair value:

                                      Bonds – Fair Value Through Profit or Loss and Available-for-Sale
                                      Fair values for bonds classified and designated as fair value through profit or loss or available-for-sale are determined with reference to
                                      quoted market bid prices primarily provided by third-party independent pricing sources. Where prices are not quoted in an active market,
                                      fair values are determined by valuation models. The Company maximizes the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The
                                      Company obtains quoted prices in active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure bonds at fair
                                      value in its fair value through profit or loss and available-for-sale portfolios.
                                      The Company estimates the fair value of bonds not traded in active markets by referring to actively traded securities with similar attributes,
                                      dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodology, discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation models. This methodology
                                      considers such factors as the issuer’s industry, the security’s rating, term, coupon rate and position in the capital structure of the issuer, as
                                      well as, yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other relevant factors. For bonds that are not traded in active markets, valuations
                                      are adjusted to reflect illiquidity, and such adjustments generally are based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence,
                                      management’s best estimate is used.




                               120   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 104                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 104                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                     Bonds and Mortgages – Loans and Receivables
                     For disclosure purposes only, fair values for bonds and mortgages classified as loans and receivables are determined by discounting
                     expected future cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs typically include benchmark yields and
                     risk-adjusted spreads based on current lending activities and market activity.

                     Equity Release Mortgages – Fair Value Through Profit or Loss and Available-for-Sale
                     There are no market observable prices for equity release mortgages; therefore an internal valuation model is used discounting expected
                     future cash flows and includes consideration of the embedded no negative equity guarantee. Inputs to the model include market observable
                     inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non market observable inputs include property growth and volatility rates,
                     expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long term care and interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no
                     negative equity guarantee.

                     Stocks – Fair Value Through Profit or Loss and Available-for-Sale
                     Fair values for stocks traded on an active market are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where
                     it is principally traded. Fair values for stocks for which there is no active market is typically based upon alternative valuation techniques
                     such as discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movement relative to the market and utilization of information provided by the
                     underlying investment manager. The Company maximizes the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The Company obtains
                     quoted prices in active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure stocks at fair value in its fair value
                     through profit or loss and available-for-sale portfolios.

                     Investment Properties
                     Fair values for investment properties are determined using independent qualified appraisal services and include management adjustments
                     for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market conditions in the interim period between appraisals.
                     The determination of the fair value of investment property requires the use of estimates including future cash flows (such as future leasing
                     assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating expenditures) and discount, reversionary and overall capitalization rates applicable to
                     the asset based on current market conditions. Investment property under construction is valued at fair value if such values can be reliably
                     determined; otherwise they are recorded at cost.




                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     Impairment
                     Investments are reviewed regularly on an individual basis to determine impairment status. The Company considers various factors in the

                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
                     impairment evaluation process, including, but not limited to, the financial condition of the issuer, specific adverse conditions affecting
                     an industry or region, decline in fair value not related to interest rates, bankruptcy or defaults, and delinquency in payments of interest
                     or principal.
                     Investments are deemed to be impaired when there is objective evidence that timely collection of future cash flows can no longer be
                     reliably estimated. The fair value of an investment is not a definitive indicator of impairment, as it may be significantly influenced by
                     other factors including the remaining term to maturity and liquidity of the asset; however, market price is taken into consideration when
                     evaluating impairment.
                     For impaired mortgages and bonds classified as loans and receivables, provisions are established or write-offs made to adjust the carrying
                     value to the net realizable amount. Wherever possible, the fair value of collateral underlying the loans or observable market price is
                     used to establish the net realizable value. For impaired available-for-sale bonds recorded at fair value, the accumulated loss recorded in
                     accumulated other comprehensive income is reclassified to net investment income. Impairments on available-for-sale debt instruments
                     are reversed if there is objective evidence that a permanent recovery has occurred. All gains and losses on bonds classified or designated
                     as fair value through profit or loss are recorded in net investment income, therefore, in the event of an impairment, the reduction will be
                     recorded in net investment income.

                     Securities Lending
                     The Company engages in securities lending through its securities custodians as lending agents. Loaned securities are not derecognized,
                     and continue to be reported within invested assets, as the Company retains substantial risks and rewards and economic benefits related
                     to the loaned securities.


              (b) Transaction Costs
                     Transaction costs are expensed as incurred for financial instruments classified as fair value through profit or loss. Transaction costs for
                     financial assets classified as available-for-sale or loans and receivables are added to the value of the instrument at acquisition and taken
                     into net earnings using the effective interest method. Transaction costs for financial liabilities classified as other than fair value through
                     profit or loss are included in the value of the instrument issued and taken into net earnings using the effective interest method.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   121




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 105




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 105                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies (cont’d)

                               (c)    Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits with maturities of three months
                                      or less held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash requirements. Net payments in transit and overdraft bank balances are included
                                      in other liabilities.


                               (d) Trading Account Assets
                                      Trading account assets consist of investments in sponsored funds, open ended investment companies and sponsored unit-trusts, which
                                      are carried at fair value based on the net asset value of these funds. Investments in these assets are included in other assets on the
                                      Consolidated Balance Sheets with realized and unrealized gains and losses reported in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.


                               (e) Debentures and Other Debt Instruments and Capital Trust Securities
                                      Debentures and other debt instruments and capital trust securities are initially recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value
                                      and subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method with amortization expense recorded in financing charges
                                      in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. These liabilities are derecognized when the obligation is cancelled or redeemed.


                               (f)    Other Assets and Other Liabilities
                                      Other assets, which include prepaid expenses, deferred acquisition costs, finance leases receivable, right-of-use assets and other
                                      miscellaneous assets, are measured at cost or amortized cost. Other liabilities, which include deferred income reserves, bank overdraft,
                                      lease liabilities and other miscellaneous liabilities are measured at cost or amortized cost.
                                      Provisions are recognized within other liabilities when the Company has a present obligation, either legal or constructive, resulting from
                                      a past event, and in management’s judgment, it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation
                                      and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount. The amount recognized for provisions are management’s best estimate at the balance
                                      sheet date. The Company recognizes a provision for restructuring when a detailed formal plan for the restructuring has been established




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      and that the plan has raised a valid expectation in those affected that the restructuring will occur.
                                      Pension and other post-employment benefits also included within other assets and other liabilities are measured in accordance with note 2(x).

 PART B
                               (g) Disposal Group Classified as Held for Sale
                                      Disposal groups are classified as held for sale when the carrying amount will be recovered through a sale transaction rather than continuing
                                      use. The fair value of a disposal group is measured at the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Individual assets
                                      and liabilities in a disposal group not subject to these measurement requirements include financial assets, investment properties and
                                      insurance contract liabilities. These assets and liabilities are measured in accordance with the relevant accounting policies described for
                                      those assets and liabilities included in this note before the disposal group as a whole is measured to the lower of its carrying amount and
                                      fair value less cost to sell. Any impairment loss for the disposal group is recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount for the portion
                                      of the disposal group under the measurement requirements for IFRS 5, Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.
                                      Disposal group assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
                                      Gains and losses from disposal groups held for sale are presented separately in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.


                               (h) Derivative Financial Instruments
                                      The Company uses derivative products as risk management instruments to hedge or manage asset, liability and capital positions, including
                                      fee and investment income. The Company’s policy guidelines prohibit the use of derivative instruments for speculative trading purposes.
                                      The Company includes disclosure of the maximum credit risk, future credit exposure, credit risk equivalent and risk weighted equivalent
                                      in note 28 as prescribed by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) in Canada.
                                      All derivatives including those that are embedded in financial and non-financial contracts that are not closely related to the host contracts
                                      are recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The method of recognizing unrealized and realized fair value gains and
                                      losses depends on whether the derivatives are designated as hedging instruments. For derivatives that are not designated as hedging
                                      instruments, unrealized and realized gains and losses are recorded in net investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                      For derivatives designated as hedging instruments, unrealized and realized gains and losses are recognized according to the nature of
                                      the hedged item.
                                      Derivatives are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever possible, including market based inputs to
                                      models, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. When models are used,
                                      the selection of a particular model to value a derivative depends on the contractual terms of, and specific risks inherent in, the instrument,
                                      as well as the availability of pricing information in the market. The Company generally uses similar models to value similar instruments.
                                      Valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms, market prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of
                                      volatility, prepayment rates and correlations of such inputs.

                               122   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 106                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 106                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                     To qualify for hedge accounting, the relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument must meet several strict
                     conditions on documentation, probability of occurrence, hedge effectiveness and reliability of measurement. If these conditions are not
                     met, the relationship does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and both the hedged item and the hedging instrument are reported
                     independently as if there was no hedging relationship.
                     Where a hedging relationship exists, the Company documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well
                     as its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes linking derivatives that
                     are used in hedging transactions to specific assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or to specific firm commitments or
                     forecasted transactions. The Company also assesses, both at the hedge’s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether derivatives that are
                     used in hedging transactions are effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. Hedge effectiveness is reviewed
                     quarterly through correlation testing. Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.

                     Derivatives not designated as hedges for accounting purposes
                     For derivative investments not designated as accounting hedges, changes in fair value are recorded in net investment income.

                     Fair value hedges
                     For fair value hedges, changes in fair value of both the hedging instrument and the hedged risk are recorded in net investment income and
                     consequently any ineffective portion of the hedge is recorded immediately in net investment income.
                     The Company currently uses foreign exchange forward contracts designated as fair value hedges.

                     Cash flow hedges
                     For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the changes in fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in the same manner as the
                     hedged item while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in net investment income. Gains and losses that accumulate in other
                     comprehensive income are recorded in net investment income in the same period the hedged item affects net earnings. Gains and losses
                     on cash flow hedges are immediately reclassified from other comprehensive income to net investment income if and when it is probable
                     that a forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur.
                     The Company currently uses interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps and equity total return swaps designated as cash flow hedges.




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     Net investment hedges
                     For net investment hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are recorded in other comprehensive

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
                     income while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in net investment income. The unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses)
                     on the instruments are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income and will be reclassified into net earnings when the
                     Company disposes of the foreign operation.
                     The Company currently uses cross-currency swaps, foreign exchange forward contracts, and debt instruments designated as net
                     investment hedges.


              (i)    Embedded Derivatives
                     An embedded derivative is a component of a host contract that modifies the cash flows of the host contract in a manner similar to a
                     derivative, according to a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, foreign exchange rate, underlying index or other variable.
                     Embedded derivatives are treated as separate contracts and are recorded at fair value if their economic characteristics and risks are not
                     closely related to those of the host contract and the host contract is not itself recorded at fair value through the Consolidated Statements of
                     Earnings. Embedded derivatives that meet the definition of an insurance contract are accounted for and measured as an insurance contract.


              (j)    Foreign Currency Translation
                     The Company operates with multiple functional currencies. The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian
                     dollars as this presentation is most meaningful to financial statement users. For those subsidiaries with different functional currencies,
                     exchange rate differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form part of the net investment in the foreign operation are
                     recorded in unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations in other comprehensive income.
                     For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the rate of
                     exchange prevailing at the balance sheet dates and all income and expense items are translated at an average of daily rates. Unrealized
                     foreign currency translation gains and losses on translation of the Company’s net investment in its foreign operations are presented
                     separately as a component of other comprehensive income. Unrealized gains and losses will be recognized proportionately in net
                     investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings when there has been a disposal of the investment in the foreign operations.
                     Foreign currency translation gains and losses on foreign currency transactions of the Company are included in net investment income.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   123




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           B 1 07




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 107                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies (cont’d)

                               (k) Loans to Policyholders
                                      Loans to policyholders are classified as loans and receivables and measured at amortized cost. Loans to policyholders are shown at their
                                      unpaid principal balance and are fully secured by the cash surrender values of the policies. Carrying value of loans to policyholders
                                      approximates their fair value.


                               (l)    Reinsurance Contracts
                                      The Company, in the normal course of business, is a user of reinsurance in order to limit the potential for losses arising from certain
                                      exposures and a provider of reinsurance. Assumed reinsurance refers to the acceptance of certain insurance risks by the Company
                                      underwritten by another company. Ceded reinsurance refers to the transfer of insurance risk, along with the respective premiums, to
                                      one or more reinsurers who will share the risks. To the extent that assuming reinsurers are unable to meet their obligations, the Company
                                      remains liable to its policyholders for the portion reinsured. Consequently, allowances are made for reinsurance contracts which are
                                      deemed uncollectible.
                                      Reinsurance contracts are insurance contracts and undergo the classification as described within the Insurance and Investment Contract
                                      Liabilities section of this note. Assumed reinsurance premiums, commissions and claim settlements, as well as the reinsurance assets
                                      associated with insurance and investment contracts, are accounted for in accordance with the terms and conditions of the underlying
                                      reinsurance contract. Reinsurance assets are reviewed for impairment on a regular basis for any events that may trigger impairment.
                                      The Company considers various factors in the impairment evaluation process, including but not limited to, collectability of amounts
                                      due under the terms of the contract. The carrying amount of a reinsurance asset is adjusted through an allowance account with any
                                      impairment loss being recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                      Any gains or losses on buying reinsurance are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings immediately at the date of purchase
                                      in accordance with the Canadian Asset Liability Method.
                                      Assets and liabilities related to reinsurance are reported on a gross basis on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amount of liabilities
                                      ceded to reinsurers is estimated in a manner consistent with the claim liability associated with reinsured risks.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               (m) Funds Held by Ceding Insurers/Funds Held Under Reinsurance Contracts

 PART B
                                      On the asset side, funds held by ceding insurers are assets that would normally be paid to the Company but are withheld by the cedant
                                      to reduce potential credit risk. Under certain forms of reinsurance contracts it is customary for the cedant to retain amounts on a funds
                                      withheld basis supporting the insurance or investment contract liabilities ceded. For the funds withheld assets where the underlying asset
                                      portfolio is managed by the Company, the credit risk is retained by the Company. The funds withheld balance where the Company assumes
                                      the credit risk is measured at the fair value of the underlying asset portfolio with the change in fair value recorded in net investment income.
                                      See note 7 for funds held by ceding insurers that are managed by the Company. Other funds held by ceding insurers are general obligations
                                      of the cedant and serve as collateral for insurance contract liabilities assumed from cedants. Funds withheld assets on these contracts do
                                      not have fixed maturity dates, their release generally being dependent on the run-off of the corresponding insurance contract liabilities.
                                      On the liability side, funds held under reinsurance contracts consist mainly of amounts retained by the Company from ceded business written
                                      on a funds withheld basis. The Company withholds assets related to ceded insurance contract liabilities in order to reduce credit risk.


                               (n) Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
                                      Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The Company identifies and classifies, in accordance with the
                                      Company’s accounting policies, all assets acquired and liabilities assumed as at the acquisition date. Goodwill represents the excess
                                      of purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets of the acquired subsidiaries of the Company. Following initial recognition,
                                      goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
                                      Intangible assets represent finite life and indefinite life intangible assets of acquired subsidiaries of the Company and software acquired
                                      or internally developed by the Company. Finite life intangible assets include the value of technology/software, certain customer contracts
                                      and distribution channels. These finite life intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, typically ranging between 3
                                      and 30 years.
                                      Indefinite life intangible assets include brands and trademarks, certain customer contracts and the shareholders’ portion of acquired
                                      future participating account profits. Amounts are classified as indefinite life intangible assets when based on an analysis of all the relevant
                                      factors, there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash inflows for the Company. The
                                      identification of indefinite life intangible assets is made by reference to relevant factors such as product life cycles, potential obsolescence,
                                      industry stability and competitive position. Following initial recognition, indefinite life intangible assets are measured at cost less
                                      accumulated impairment losses.




                               124   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 108                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 108                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                     Impairment Testing
                     Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for impairment
                     annually or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets that were previously impaired are
                     reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal. In the event that certain conditions have been met, the Company would be
                     required to reverse the impairment loss or a portion thereof.
                     Goodwill has been allocated to cash generating unit groupings, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal
                     reporting purposes. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of each cash generating unit grouping to its
                     recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                     Intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal
                     reporting purposes.
                     Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment. If indicators of
                     impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and recognized as necessary. Impairment is assessed by comparing
                     the carrying values of the assets to their recoverable amounts. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s
                     carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                     The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use.
                     Finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment and assess whether the amortization
                     periods and methods are appropriate. If indicators of impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and then the
                     amortization of these assets is adjusted or impairment is recognized as necessary.


              (o) Revenue Recognition
                     Premiums for all types of insurance contracts, and contracts with limited mortality or morbidity risk, are generally recognized as revenue
                     when due and collection is reasonably assured.
                     Interest income on bonds and mortgages is recognized and accrued using the effective interest method.
                     Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established. This is the ex-dividend date for listed stocks, and usually




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     the notification date or date when the shareholders have approved the dividend for private equity instruments.
                     Investment property income includes rents earned from tenants under lease agreements and property tax and operating cost recoveries.
                     Rental income leases with contractual rent increases and rent-free periods are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
                     Fee income includes fees earned from management of segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual fund assets, record-keeping, fees earned
                     on administrative services only Group health contracts, commissions and fees earned from management services. Fee and other income
                     is recognized on the transfer of services to customers for the amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange
                     for those services promised.
                     The Company has sub-advisor arrangements where the Company retains the primary obligation with the client; as a result, fee income
                     earned is reported on a gross basis with the corresponding sub-advisor expense recorded in operating and administrative expenses.


              (p) Owner Occupied Properties and Fixed Assets
                     Property held for own use and fixed assets are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation, disposals and impairments. Depreciation is
                     expensed to write-off the cost of assets, over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method, on the following bases:
                             Owner occupied properties                   15 - 20 years
                             Furniture and fixtures                       5 - 10 years
                             Other fixed assets                           3 - 10 years
                     Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at least annually and adjusted if necessary.


              (q) Deferred Acquisition Costs
                     Included in other assets are deferred acquisition costs related to investment contracts and service contracts. These are recognized as assets
                     if the costs are incremental and incurred due to the contract being issued and are primarily amortized on a straight-line basis over the term
                     of the contract, not to exceed 20 years.


              (r)    Segregated Funds
                     Segregated fund assets and liabilities arise from contracts where all financial risks associated with the related assets are borne by
                     policyholders and are presented separately on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The assets and liabilities are set equal to the fair value of
                     the underlying asset portfolio. Investment income and changes in fair value of the segregated fund assets are offset by a corresponding
                     change in the segregated fund liabilities.



                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   125




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           B 109




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 109                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:30 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies (cont’d)

                               (s)    Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
                                      Contract Classification
                                      When significant insurance risk exists, the Company’s products are classified at contract inception as insurance contracts, in accordance
                                      with IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 4). Significant insurance risk exists when the Company agrees to compensate policyholders or
                                      beneficiaries of the contract for specified uncertain future events that adversely affect the policyholder and whose amount and timing is
                                      unknown. Refer to note 13 for discussion of insurance risk.
                                      In the absence of significant insurance risk, the contract is classified as an investment contract or service contract. Investment contracts
                                      with discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 4 and investment contracts without discretionary
                                      participating features are accounted for in accordance with IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition & Measurement (IAS 39). The
                                      Company has not classified any contracts as investment contracts with discretionary participating features.
                                      Investment contracts may be reclassified as insurance contracts after inception if insurance risk becomes significant. A contract that is
                                      classified as an insurance contract at contract inception remains as such until all rights and obligations under the contract are extinguished
                                      or expire.
                                      Investment contracts are contracts that carry financial risk, which is the risk of a possible future change in one or more of the following:
                                      interest rate, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, or credit rating. Refer to note 8 for discussion of Financial Instruments Risk
                                      Management.

                                      Measurement
                                      Insurance contract liabilities represent the amounts required, in addition to future premiums and investment income, to provide for
                                      future benefit payments, policyholder dividends, commission and policy administrative expenses for all insurance and annuity policies
                                      in force with the Company. The Appointed Actuaries of the Company’s subsidiary companies are responsible for determining the amount
                                      of the liabilities to make appropriate provisions for the Company’s obligations to policyholders. The Appointed Actuaries determine the
                                      liabilities for insurance contracts using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to the standards established by the Canadian
                                      Institute of Actuaries. The valuation uses the Canadian Asset Liability Method. This method involves the projection of future events in




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      order to determine the amount of assets that must be set aside currently to provide for all future obligations and involves a significant
                                      amount of judgment.


 PART B
                                      In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of mortality/morbidity,
                                      investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy options or
                                      provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a margin for adverse deviation. These
                                      margins are necessary to provide for possibilities of mis-estimation and/or future deterioration in the best estimate assumptions and
                                      provide reasonable assurance that insurance contract liabilities cover a range of possible outcomes. Margins are reviewed periodically for
                                      continued appropriateness.
                                      Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discounted cash flows utilizing the yield curves of financial
                                      instruments with similar cash flow characteristics.


                               (t)    Deferred Income Reserves
                                      Included in other liabilities are deferred income reserves relating to investment contracts. These are amortized on a straight-line basis to
                                      recognize the initial policy fees over the policy term, not to exceed 20 years.


                               (u) Income Taxes
                                      The income tax expense for the period represents the sum of current income tax and deferred income tax. Income tax is recognized as an
                                      expense or income in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items that are recognized outside profit or loss (whether in other
                                      comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case the income tax is also recognized outside profit or loss.

                                      Current Income Tax
                                      Current income tax is based on taxable income for the year. Current income tax liabilities (assets) for the current and prior periods are
                                      measured at the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) the taxation authorities using the tax rates that have been enacted or
                                      substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in each respective jurisdiction. Current income tax assets and current income tax liabilities
                                      are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to offset the recognized amounts and the entity intends either to settle on a net basis, or to
                                      realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
                                      A provision for tax treatment uncertainties which meet the probable threshold for recognition is measured using either the most likely
                                      amount or the expected value, depending upon which method provides the better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty. The
                                      provision for tax uncertainties will be classified as current or deferred based on how a disallowance of the underlying uncertain tax
                                      treatment would impact the tax provision accrual as of the balance sheet date.


                               126   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 110                                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 110                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:30 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                     Deferred Income Tax
                     Deferred income tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences arising between the carrying amounts of assets and
                     liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable income and is
                     accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred income tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary
                     differences and deferred income tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against
                     which deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and carryforwards can be utilized.
                     Recognition is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax planning opportunities available to
                     allow the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods may adversely impact the assessment of the
                     recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in establishing the deferred income tax assets. The Company’s
                     annual financial planning process provides a significant basis for the measurement of deferred income tax assets.
                     Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the
                     liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred
                     income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to net current income tax assets against
                     current income tax liabilities and the deferred income taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
                     The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
                     probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognized
                     deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognized to the extent that it has become probable that
                     future taxable profit will allow the deferred income tax asset to be recovered.
                     Deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates,
                     except where the group controls the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary differences
                     will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


              (v) Policyholder Benefits
                     Policyholder benefits include benefits and claims on life insurance contracts, maturity payments, annuity payments and surrenders. Gross
                     benefits and claims for life insurance contracts include the cost of all claims arising during the year and settlement of claims. Death claims




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     and surrenders are recorded on the basis of notifications received. Maturities and annuity payments are recorded when due.



                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
              (w) Repurchase Agreements
                     The Company accounts for certain forward settling to be announced security transactions as derivatives as the Company does not regularly
                     accept delivery of such securities when issued.


              (x) Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits
                     The Company’s subsidiaries maintain contributory and non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and
                     advisors. The Company’s subsidiaries also provide post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees,
                     advisors and their dependents.
                     The present value of the defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost is determined using the projected unit credit
                     method (note 23). Pension plan assets are recorded at fair value.
                     For the defined benefit plans of the Company’s subsidiaries, service costs and net interest costs are recognized in the Consolidated
                     Statements of Earnings. Service costs include current service cost, administration expenses, past service costs and the impact of
                     curtailments and settlements. To determine the net interest costs (income) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, the
                     Company’s subsidiaries apply a discount rate to the net benefit liability (asset), where the discount rate is determined by reference to
                     market yields at the beginning of the year on high quality corporate bonds.
                     For the defined benefit plans of the Company’s subsidiaries, re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability (asset) due to asset
                     returns less (greater) than interest income, actuarial losses (gains) and changes in the asset ceiling are recognized in the Consolidated
                     Statements of Comprehensive Income.
                     The Company’s subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors. For the defined
                     contribution plans of the Company’s subsidiaries, the current service costs are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   127




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 111




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 111                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies (cont’d)

                               (y) Equity
                                      Financial instruments issued by the Company are classified as share capital if they represent a residual interest in the assets of the
                                      Company. Preferred share capital is classified as equity if it is non-redeemable, or retractable only at the Company’s option and any
                                      dividends are discretionary.
                                      Limited recourse capital notes are classified as share capital as the Company has the sole discretion to settle the obligation to noteholders
                                      through the issuance of a fixed number of the Company’s own equity instruments. Interest incurred on these instruments is expensed
                                      within financing charges in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                      Incremental costs that are directly attributable to the issue of share capital are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of income tax.
                                      Contributed surplus represents the vesting expense on unexercised equity instruments under share-based payment plans.
                                      Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) represents the total of the unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of
                                      foreign operations, the unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations, the unrealized gains (losses) on
                                      available-for-sale assets, the unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, the re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other
                                      post-employment benefit plans net of tax and the revaluation surplus on transfer to investment properties, where applicable.
                                      Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries represents the proportion of equity that is attributable to minority shareholders.
                                      Participating account surplus in subsidiaries represents the proportion of equity attributable to the participating account of the
                                      Company’s subsidiaries.


                               (z)    Share-Based Payments
                                      The Company provides share-based compensation to certain employees and Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries.
                                      The Company follows the fair value based method of accounting for the valuation of compensation expense for shares and share
                                      options granted to employees under its stock option plans (note 22). This share-based payment expense is recognized in operating and
                                      administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and as an increase to contributed surplus over the vesting period of
                                      the granted options. When options are exercised, the proceeds received, along with the amount in contributed surplus, are transferred to




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      share capital.
                                      The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have Deferred Share Unit Plans (DSU Plans) in which the Directors and certain employees of

 PART B
                                      the Company participate. Units issued to Directors under the DSU Plans vest when granted. Units issued to certain employees under the
                                      DSU Plans primarily vest over a three year period. The Company recognizes an increase in operating and administrative expenses for the
                                      units granted under the DSU Plans. The Company recognizes a liability for units granted under the DSU Plans which is remeasured at each
                                      reporting period based on the market value of the Company’s common shares.
                                      Certain employees of the Company are entitled to participate in the Performance Share Unit Plan (PSU Plan). Units issued under the PSU
                                      Plan vest over a three year period. The Company uses the fair value method to recognize compensation expense for the units granted
                                      under the plan over the vesting period, net of related hedges. The liability is remeasured at fair value at each reporting period.
                                      The Company has an Employee Share Ownership Program (ESOP) where, subject to certain conditions being met, the Company will
                                      match contributions up to a maximum amount. The Company’s contributions are expensed within operating and administrative expenses
                                      as incurred.


                               (aa) Earnings Per Common Share
                                      Earnings per common share is calculated using net earnings after preferred share dividends and the weighted average number of common
                                      shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting common shareholders’ net earnings and the weighted average
                                      number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares assuming that all convertible instruments
                                      are converted and outstanding options are exercised.


                               (ab) Leases
                                      Where the Company is the lessee, a right-of-use asset and a lease liability are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as at the
                                      lease commencement date.
                                      Right-of-use assets are initially measured based on the initial amount of lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before
                                      the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset
                                      or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentive received. Right-of-use assets are included
                                      within other assets with the exception of right-of-use assets which meet the definition of investment property which are presented within
                                      investment properties and subject to the Company’s associated accounting policy. Right-of-use assets presented within other assets are
                                      depreciated to the earlier of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the lease term using the straight-line method. Depreciation expense
                                      on right-of-use assets is included within operating and administrative expenses.



                               128   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 112                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 112                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                     Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted
                     using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company shall use the lessee’s incremental
                     borrowing rate. Generally, the Company uses the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate as its discount rate. The lease liability is measured at
                     amortized cost using the effective interest method and is included within other liabilities. Interest expense on lease liabilities is included
                     within operating and administrative expenses.
                     The Company has elected to apply a practical expedient not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that
                     have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets.
                     Where the Company is the lessor under an operating lease for its investment property, the assets subject to the lease arrangement are
                     presented within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income from these leases is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                     on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
                     Investments in a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee are classified as a finance lease. The
                     Company is the lessor under a finance lease and the investment is recognized as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment
                     in the lease, which is represented as the present value of the minimum lease payments due from the lessee and is presented within the
                     Consolidated Balance Sheets. Payments received from the lessee are apportioned between the recognition of finance lease income and
                     the reduction of the finance lease receivable. Income from the finance leases is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings at
                     a constant periodic rate of return on the Company’s net investment in the finance lease.


              (ac) Operating Segments
                     Operating segments have been identified based on internal reports that are regularly reviewed by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer to
                     allocate resources and assess performance of segments and for which discrete financial information is available. The Company’s operating
                     segments include Canada, United States, Europe, Capital and Risk Solutions, and Lifeco Corporate. The Canada segment comprises the
                     Individual Customer and Group Customer business units. Empower (financial services) and Putnam (asset management) are included in
                     the United States segment. The Europe segment comprises United Kingdom, Ireland, and Germany. Reinsurance is reported in the Capital
                     and Risk Solutions segment. The Lifeco Corporate segment represents activities and transactions that are not directly attributable to the
                     measurement of the operating segments of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              (ad) Future Accounting Policies

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
                     The Company actively monitors changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB for potential impact on the Company. The
                     following sets out significant standards that will be adopted on January 1, 2023:

                     IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17), and IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments (IFRS 9)
                     IFRS 17 will replace IFRS 4, effective January 1, 2023.
                     IFRS 17 sets out the requirements for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance contracts a company
                     issues, reinsurance contracts it holds, and investment contracts with discretionary participation features issued. Under IFRS 17, the
                     Company will:
                     • Identify insurance contracts as arrangements where the Company accepts significant insurance risk from another party (the
                       policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder or beneficiary of the contract for specified uncertain future events that
                       adversely affect the policyholder and whose amount and timing is unknown.
                     • Separately account for specified embedded derivatives, distinct investment components, and distinct non-insurance goods and
                       services from insurance contracts.
                     • Identify portfolios of insurance contracts, which comprises contracts that are subject to similar risks and managed together. Portfolios
                       are further divided based on expected profitability at inception. At a minimum, each portfolio of insurance contracts issued shall be
                       divided into the following groups:
                        • Contracts that are onerous at initial recognition;
                        • Contracts that at initial recognition have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently; and
                        • Any of the remaining contracts in the portfolio.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   129




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                            B 113




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 113                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies (cont’d)
                                      • Apply the three measurement models introduced by IFRS 17 as further described below:

                                         General Measurement Model (GMM)
                                         The Company applies this model to its medium to long-term insurance products, such as individual protection, payout annuities, and
                                         longevity swaps.
                                         Under this model, the Company will measure insurance contract liabilities on the balance sheet as the total of:
                                               a) The fulfilment cash flows (FCF) – the current estimates of amounts that a company expects to collect (e.g. premiums) and pay out
                                                  (e.g. claims, benefits, expenses), including adjustments for the timing and the financial and non-financial risks of those amounts; and
                                               b) The contractual service margin (CSM) – unearned profit for providing insurance coverage, which is subsequently recognized
                                                  into profit or loss over time as the insurance services are provided.
                                         At the end of each period, the Company will recalculate the FCF and CSM, with the CSM subject to adjustments for interest accretion
                                         and certain changes to FCF relating to future service.

                                         Premium Allocation Approach (PAA)
                                         The Company applies this model to its short-term insurance products, such as group life and health.
                                         This simplified model can be used when the contract boundary is less than one year or the approach is expected to produce a similar
                                         liability amount as under the GMM. Under the PAA, the Company is exempted from calculating and explicitly accounting for the CSM.
                                         Instead the liability is set as the premiums received less acquisition expenses, premium revenue recognized, and amounts transferred
                                         to fund incurred claims.

                                         Variable Fee Approach (VFA)
                                         The Company applies this model to contracts with direct participating features such as participating insurance and segregated fund
                                         business with insurance guarantees, where an investment return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g.
                                         a portfolio of assets).




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Similar to the GMM, the VFA initially measures the insurance contract liabilities as the FCF plus CSM. Subsequently, the Company
                                         will recalculate the FCF and CSM, with the latter reflecting changes in the Company’s share of the pool of items (e.g. future fees and
                                         guarantee costs) and certain changes to FCF relating to future service.

 PART B
                               A group of insurance contracts issued is considered onerous when the measurement leads to a negative CSM either at issue or when subsequently
                               measured. In this case, the CSM is not allowed to decrease below zero and a loss component is tracked.
                               The measurement of reinsurance contracts held is similar to insurance contracts issued with the following key differences: the CSM can be
                               positive or negative, and the VFA measurement model cannot be used.
                               On transition to IFRS 17, the Company will apply the full retrospective approach to all identified insurance contracts unless it is impracticable to
                               do so. When impracticable, the fair value approach will be applied.
                               The fair value approach calculates the CSM or loss component of the liability for remaining coverage as the difference between the fair value of a
                               group of insurance contracts at the date of transition and the FCF measured at that date.
                               In addition, IFRS 9 will replace IAS 39, effective January 1, 2023. The standard provides changes to financial instruments accounting for
                               the following:
                               • Classification and measurement of financial instruments based on a business model approach for managing financial assets and the
                                 contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. All financial assets are measured as Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL), Fair
                                 Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI), or amortized cost;
                               • Allowances for credit losses (ACL) are based on an Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for all financial assets, except for financial assets classified
                                 or designated as FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI. Under the ECL model, a loss allowance is recognized and maintained
                                 equal to 12 months of expected credit losses upon initial recognition. If credit risk subsequently increases significantly, or an asset becomes
                                 credit-impaired, the loss allowance is increased to cover full, lifetime expected credit losses. Changes in the required loss allowance will be
                                 recorded in net investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings; and
                               • Hedge accounting that incorporates the risk management practices of an entity, which will not have a material impact to the Company.
                               The current disclosure for the measurement and classification of the Company’s portfolio investments (note 6) provides most of the information
                               required by IFRS 9.
                               The Company’s date of initial application of IFRS 9 is January 1, 2023 and the Company anticipates electing the option of presenting comparative
                               information about a financial asset as if the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 had been applied to that financial asset in the
                               comparative period, as permitted by the amendment to IFRS 17 published by the IASB in December 2021. IFRS 9 includes an accounting policy
                               choice to retain the IAS 39 requirements for hedge accounting, which the Company is currently evaluating.




                               130   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 114                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 114                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                     The expected quantitative impact of transitioning to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 is illustrated in the opening balance sheet reconciliation table
                     below.
                                                                                     As Reported                                                                                  Restated
                                                                                        IFRS 4           Asset /                                                                IFRS 17 & 9
                     Balance Sheet                                                      IAS 39          Liability                                                Income        Balance Sheet
                     Condensed View                                                  Dec. 31, 2021   Reclassification       IFRS 9           IFRS 17               Tax          Jan. 1, 2022

                     Assets
                     Bonds                                                           $ 140,612       $          –       $     2,041      $           –       $         –        $ 142,653
                     Mortgage loans                                                     28,852                  –               505                  –                 –           29,357
                     Stocks                                                             14,183                 16                26                  –                 –           14,225
                     Other assets impacted by IFRS 17 & 9                               67,677            (20,040)                –                697               350           48,684
                     Other assets not impacted by IFRS 17 & 9                           21,745                  –                 –                  –                 –           21,745
                     Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders           357,419                  –                 –                  –                 –          357,419
                     Total assets                                                    $ 630,488       $    (20,024)      $     2,572      $         697       $       350        $ 614,083

                     Liabilities
                     Insurance contract liabilities                                  $ 208,378       $    (58,904)      $            –   $       6,812       $          –       $ 156,286
                     Investment contract liabilities                                    12,455             41,210                    –               –                  –          53,665
                     Other liabilities impacted by IFRS 17 & 9                          11,726             (1,815)                   –               –               (325)          9,586
                     Other liabilities not impacted by IFRS 17 & 9                      10,027                  –                    –               –                  –          10,027
                     Investments and insurance contracts on account
                        of segregated fund policyholders                                 357,419         (357,419)                   –                 –                  –                –
                     Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                        policyholders                                                            –         65,253                    –                 –                  –           65,253
                     Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                        policyholders                                                            –       292,166                     –                 –                  –        292,166
                     Total liabilities                                                   600,005          (19,509)                   –           6,812               (325)         586,983




                                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     Total equity                                                         30,483              (515)           2,572             (6,115)              675              27,100
                     Total liabilities and equity                                    $ 630,488       $    (20,024)      $     2,572      $         697       $       350        $ 614,083


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
                     The adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 is expected to result in an overall reduction of total assets of approximately $16.4 billion, total liabilities
                     of $13.0 billion, and total equity of approximately $3.4 billion to the transition balance sheet as at January 1, 2022.
                     Asset and liability reclassifications were primarily driven by changes to the groupings of certain assets and liabilities, reclassifications of
                     certain insurance contract liabilities to investment contract liabilities, and presenting liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders
                     separately between insurance and investment contract liabilities. IFRS 9 adjustments primarily relate to a change in designation of certain
                     loans and receivables held at amortized cost under IAS 39 to FVTPL under IFRS 9. IFRS 17 adjustments relate to changes in insurance
                     contract liabilities and reinsurance assets, which are primarily the result of the establishment of CSM for in-force contracts of $6.3 billion
                     associated with the shareholders’ account and $2.3 billion associated with the participating account, partially offset by the removal of
                     provisions no longer required under IFRS 17. This does not include the CSM on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a
                     material impact on capital or opening equity.
                     Total equity is expected to decrease by approximately $3.4 billion, split $0.2 billion for the participating account surplus and $3.2 billion
                     for the shareholders’ account surplus.
                     These impacts are based on the assessments undertaken to date. The exact financial impacts of the accounting changes of adopting IFRS
                     17 and IFRS 9 may be revised as further analysis is completed prior to presentation of financial information for periods including the date
                     of initial application. The Company expects to be in a position to issue further guidance on the impact of adopting IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 in
                     conjunction with the first quarterly report to shareholders for the financial year commencing January 1, 2023.




                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   131




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B 115




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 115                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies (cont’d)

                                         Standard                   Summary of Other Future Changes
                                         IAS 1 – Presentation of    In February 2021, the IASB published Disclosure of Accounting Policies, amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements. The amendments clarify
                                         Financial Statements       how an entity determines whether accounting policy information is material.
                                                                    These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with earlier application permitted. The Company does
                                                                    not anticipate a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements as a result of these amendments.

                                         IAS 8 – Accounting         In February 2021, the IASB published Definition of Accounting Estimates, amendments to IAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and
                                         Policies, Changes in       Errors. The amendments clarify the difference between an accounting policy and an accounting estimate.
                                         Accounting Estimates
                                                                    These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with earlier application permitted. The Company does
                                         and Errors
                                                                    not anticipate a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements as a result of these amendments.

                                         IAS 12 – Income Taxes      In May 2021, the IASB published Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities from a Single Transaction, amendments to IAS 12, Income Taxes. The
                                                                    amendments clarify that for transactions in which both deductible and taxable temporary differences arise on initial recognition that result in deferred
                                                                    tax assets and liabilities of the same amount, deferred tax assets and liabilities are to be recognized.
                                                                    These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with earlier application permitted. The Company does
                                                                    not anticipate a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements as a result of these amendments.

                                         IFRS 16 – Leases           In September 2022, the IASB published Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback, amendments to IFRS 16, Leases. The amendments clarify that in a sale and
                                                                    leaseback transaction, the seller-lessee subsequent measurement of the lease liability arising from a leaseback does not recognize any amount of gain
                                                                    or loss related to the right of use it retains.
                                                                    These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024 with earlier application permitted. The Company does
                                                                    not anticipate a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements as a result of these amendments.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 PART B




                               132   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 116                                                                                       P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 116                                                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              3.     Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

              (a) Acquisition of Personal Capital Corporation
                     On August 17, 2020, Empower completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Personal Capital Corporation. Upon completion of the
                     purchase price allocation in the fourth quarter of 2020, a contingent consideration earn-out provision of $26 (U.S. $20) was recognized,
                     representing management’s best estimate of growth in assets under management metrics defined in the Merger Agreement. The contingent
                     consideration provision was increased by $101 (U.S. $80) in 2021 for a total contingent consideration provision of $127 (U.S. $100) at
                     December 31, 2021. The increase in 2021 was due to growth in net new assets above the amount assumed at the date of acquisition.
                     The Merger Agreement allows for contingent consideration of up to $236 (U.S. $175) based on the achievement of growth in assets under
                     management metrics, payable following measurements through December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. Changes in the fair value of
                     the contingent consideration measured in accordance with the Merger Agreement subsequent to the completion of the purchase price
                     allocation are recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. During the first quarter of
                     2022, the Company made its first payment of U.S. $59 based on assets under management metrics achieved through December 31, 2021.
                     During the third quarter of 2022, the remaining contingent consideration provision of $54 (U.S. $41) was released, resulting in a recovery
                     of $54 to operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, as the current growth in net new assets was
                     below the level where further contingent consideration would be payable. The fair value of contingent consideration was nil at
                     December 31, 2022.


              (b) Acquisition of Prudential Retirement Services Business
                     On April 1, 2022, Empower completed the purchase, through a share purchase and a reinsurance transaction, of the full-service retirement
                     business of Prudential Financial, Inc. (Prudential). The Company assumed the economics and risks associated with the business, while
                     Prudential continues to retain the obligation to the contract holders of the reinsured portion. The Company acquired the business for
                     $4,350 (U.S. $3,480) of total value which includes purchase consideration of $2,628 (U.S. $2,102) including the base purchase price, ceding
                     commission and working capital adjustments and $1,722 (U.S. $1,378) of required capital to support the business.




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     The transaction was funded with $1,500 (U.S. $1,193) of limited recourse capital notes and U.S. $823 of short-term debt, in addition to
                     existing resources. On March 30, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, established a 2-year U.S. $500 non-
                     revolving credit facility with interest on the drawn balance equal to a floating rate based on Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
                     Rate (SOFR). The facility is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. On the acquisition date, the U.S. $500 facility was fully
                     drawn, along with U.S. $323 from an existing revolving credit facility, to finance a portion of the acquisition. The existing revolving credit
                     facility incurs interest on the drawn balance equal to a floating rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR. On July 1, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S.
                     LLC made a payment of U.S. $150 on its existing revolving credit facility, followed by a final payment of U.S. $173 on December 30, 2022. As
                     at December 31, 2022, the $675 (U.S. $500) facility was fully drawn, along with nil from the existing revolving credit facility.
                     During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed its comprehensive evaluation of the fair value of net assets acquired from
                     Prudential and the purchase price allocation. The initial purchase consideration was adjusted from $2,744 to $2,628 (U.S. $2,195 to
                     U.S. $2,102).
                     Initial goodwill presented in the Company’s June 30, 2022 consolidated financial statements of $1,109 (U.S. $887) was adjusted to $1,264
                     (U.S. $1,011). Adjustments were made to the provisional amounts disclosed in the Company’s June 30, 2022 consolidated financial
                     statements for the recognition and measurement of intangible assets, assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Intangible assets recognized
                     include customer contracts of $450 (U.S. $360), which have accumulated amortization of $22 (U.S. $16) as at December 31, 2022. Included
                     in other liabilities, the Company also assumed an investment advisory contract with unfavourable out-of-market terms, initially recognized
                     at $38 (U.S. $30), of which $5 (U.S. $4) has been amortized through the year ended December 31, 2022.
                     The Company determined the fair value of the intangible assets and insurance contract liabilities acquired, using valuation techniques
                     that incorporate projections of cash flows and discount rates. The valuation of intangible assets acquired is determined by applying
                     judgments and estimates for forecasted revenues and earnings, and discount rates. Further, the valuation of the actuarial liabilities
                     assumed are determined by applying judgments and assumptions to determine appropriate valuation models, and projections of cash
                     inflows and outflows using the best estimate of future experience, specifically policyholder behaviour, together with the discount rates.
                     Adjustments were also made to the provisional amounts reported for investments on account of segregated fund policyholders acquired
                     and investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders assumed, which had no impact on the fair value of
                     net assets acquired.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   133




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                            B 117




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 117                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               3. Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions (cont’d)
                                      The initial amounts assigned to the assets acquired, goodwill, intangible assets and liabilities assumed on April 1, 2022, and reported as at
                                      December 31, 2022 are as follows:

                                      Assets acquired and goodwill
                                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                   $      487
                                            Bonds                                                                                                                           36,292
                                            Mortgage loans                                                                                                                   8,017
                                            Stocks                                                                                                                             381
                                            Goodwill                                                                                                                         1,264
                                            Intangible assets                                                                                                                  450
                                            Other assets                                                                                                                       100
                                            Premiums in the course of collection, accounts and interest receivable                                                             276
                                            Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                         77,700
                                      Total assets acquired and goodwill                                                                                                $ 124,967


                                      Liabilities assumed
                                            Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                              $   43,550
                                            Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                    690
                                            Accounts payable                                                                                                                    11
                                            Other liabilities                                                                                                                  388
                                            Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                  77,700
                                      Total liabilities assumed                                                                                                         $ 122,339




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      The following provides the change in the carrying value from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 of the goodwill on acquisition:




 PART B
                                      Goodwill previously reported at June 30, 2022                                                                                     $    1,109
                                      Final measurement of intangible assets                                                                                                   285
                                      Purchase consideration adjustments                                                                                                      (116)
                                      Other measurement period adjustments                                                                                                     (14)
                                      Goodwill reported at December 31, 2022                                                                                            $    1,264


                                      The goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets, representing the synergies or future economic
                                      benefits arising from other assets acquired that are not individually identifiable and separately recognized in the acquisition. These
                                      synergies represent meaningful expense and revenue opportunities which are expected to be accretive to earnings. The goodwill is
                                      deductible for tax purposes.
                                      During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred acquisition expenses of $102 (U.S. $79), which are recorded in the
                                      Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                      During the year ended December 31, 2022, Prudential contributed revenue of $609 (U.S. $525), net earnings of $94 (U.S. $70) and other
                                      comprehensive loss of $43 (U.S. $34). These amounts are included in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income.
                                      Supplemental pro-forma revenue and net earnings for the combined entity, as though the acquisition date for this business combination
                                      had been as of the beginning of the annual reporting period, has not been included as it is impracticable as Prudential had a different
                                      financial reporting basis than the Company.




                               134   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 118                                                                         P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 118                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (c)    Acquisition of Ark Life Assurance Company
                     On November 1, 2021, Irish Life Group Limited (Irish Life), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, completed the
                     acquisition of Ark Life Assurance Company dac (Ark Life) from Phoenix Group Holdings plc for total cash consideration of $332 (€230).
                     Ark Life is closed to new business and manages a range of pensions, savings and protection policies for its customers in the Irish market.
                     During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed its comprehensive evaluation of the fair value of the net assets acquired from
                     Ark Life, and the purchase price allocation.
                     Initial goodwill presented in the Company’s December 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements of $21 (€15), was adjusted upon the
                     completion of the purchase price allocation. An excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired over the purchase price of $20 (€14) was
                     recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as regular net investment income and is non-taxable. Adjustments were made
                     to the provisional amounts disclosed in the Company’s December 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements for the recognition and
                     measurement of intangible assets and liabilities assumed. Intangible assets recognized include customer contracts of $48 (€34), which
                     have accumulated amortization of $4 (€3) as at December 31, 2022.
                     Comparative information in the Company’s consolidated financial statements has not been restated.
                     The Company determined the fair value of the intangible assets using valuation techniques that incorporate projections of discounted
                     cash flows by applying judgments and estimates for forecasted revenues, renewal expenses, and discount rates.
                     The amounts assigned to the assets acquired, goodwill and liabilities assumed on November 1, 2021, reported as at December 31, 2022
                     are as follows:


                     Assets acquired and goodwill
                          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             $           17
                          Bonds                                                                                                                                            333
                          Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 48
                          Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                             1,238
                          Premiums in the course of collection, accounts and interest receivable                                                                            89




                                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                          Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                                        2,844
                     Total assets acquired and goodwill                                                                                                         $        4,569


                     Liabilities assumed                                                                                                                                                               PART B

                          Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                        $        1,257
                          Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                                   43
                          Other liabilities                                                                                                                                 62
                          Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                          11
                          Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                 2,844
                     Total liabilities assumed                                                                                                                  $        4,217


                     The following provides the change in the carrying value of goodwill from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022:


                     Goodwill previously reported at December 31, 2021                                                                                          $          21
                     Recognition and measurement of intangible assets                                                                                                      (48)
                     Recognition of deferred tax liabilities on intangible assets and other measurement period adjustments                                                   7
                     Excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired over the purchase price at December 31, 2022                                           $          (20)


                     During the fourth quarter of 2022, Ark Life Assurance Company dac changed its legal name to Irish Life Ark Dublin dac.


              (d) U.S. Reinsurance Agreement
                     On December 31, 2022, Empower completed two separate agreements to cede, via indemnity reinsurance, $7,946 of insurance contract
                     liabilities to a non-related party. As a result of the transaction, $7,946 of reinsurance assets (note 13), $7,031 of funds held under
                     reinsurance contracts and $918 of other liabilities (note 17) were recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022.
                     Within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, the Company recognized an increase of $8,005 to ceded premiums, as well as a decrease
                     of $8,005 to total paid or credited to policyholders and an increase of $3 to operating and administrative expenses (note 27) as a result of
                     the transaction.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     135




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           B 119




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 119                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               4.       Restructuring and Integration Expenses

                               (a) Canada Restructuring
                                        At December 31, 2022, the Company has a restructuring provision of $14 ($56 at December 31, 2021) remaining in other liabilities. The
                                        change in the restructuring provision for the Canada restructuring is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                2022              2021

                                        Balance, beginning of year                                                                                          $           56    $           86
                                        Amounts used                                                                                                                   (42)              (30)
                                        Balance, end of year                                                                                                $          14     $          56


                                        The Company expects to utilize a significant portion of these amounts during 2023.


                               (b) Empower Restructuring and Integration
                                        The Company recorded integration expenses of $128 ($74 in 2021) and restructuring expenses of $50 ($10 in 2021) in the Consolidated
                                        Statements of Earnings during year ended December 31, 2022. The restructuring is primarily attributable to staff reductions and other exit
                                        costs related to the Company’s acquisitions of the retirement services businesses of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and
                                        Prudential (note 3).
                                        At December 31, 2022, the Company has a restructuring provision of $28 ($19 at December 31, 2021) remaining in other liabilities. The
                                        change in the restructuring provision for the Empower restructuring is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                2022              2021

                                        Balance, beginning of year                                                                                          $           19    $           37




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Restructuring expenses                                                                                                          50                10
                                        Amounts used                                                                                                                   (43)              (28)


 PART B
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                2                 –
                                        Balance, end of year                                                                                                $          28     $          19


                                        The Company expects to pay out a significant portion of these amounts during 2023. The Company expects to incur further restructuring
                                        and integration expenses associated with the Prudential acquisition in 2023 (note 3).

                               5.       Cash and Cash Equivalents
                               Cash and cash equivalents include amounts held at the Lifeco holding company level and amounts held in Lifeco’s consolidated
                               subsidiary companies.

                                                                                                                                                                2022              2021

                               Cash                                                                                                                         $     4,013       $     3,202
                               Short-term deposits                                                                                                                3,277             2,873
                               Total                                                                                                                        $     7,290       $     6,075



                               At December 31, 2022, cash and short-term deposits of $879 were restricted for use by the Company ($1,303 at December 31, 2021) in respect
                               of cash held in trust for reinsurance agreements or with regulatory authorities, cash held under certain indemnity arrangements, client monies
                               held by brokers and cash held in escrow.




                               136     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 120                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 120                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              6.     Portfolio Investments

              (a) Carrying values and estimated fair values of portfolio investments are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                               2022                                         2021
                                                                                                                                                   Carrying                 Fair               Carrying                    Fair
                                                                                                                                                    value                  value                value                     value

                     Bonds
                         Designated fair value through profit or loss 1                                                                        $ 113,596              $ 113,596             $ 103,645              $ 103,645
                         Classified fair value through profit or loss 1                                                                              181                    181                   168                    168
                         Available-for-sale                                                                                                       11,864                 11,864                12,123                 12,123
                         Loans and receivables                                                                                                    33,946                 30,448                24,676                 26,717
                                                                                                                                                    159,587                156,089              140,612                   142,653
                     Mortgage loans
                         Residential
                              Designated fair value through profit or loss 1                                                                          3,125                  3,125                 2,609                    2,609
                              Available-for-sale                                                                                                        240                    240                     –                        –
                              Loans and receivables                                                                                                  12,202                 11,256                 9,580                    9,860
                                                                                                                                                     15,567                 14,621                12,189                   12,469
                             Commercial                                                                                                              23,962                 21,953                16,663                   17,189
                                                                                                                                                     39,529                 36,574                28,852                   29,658
                     Stocks
                         Designated fair value through profit or loss 1                                                                              13,305                 13,305                13,269                   13,269
                         Available-for-sale                                                                                                             206                    206                   209                      209
                         Available-for-sale, at cost 2                                                                                                  119                    119                   124                      124




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                         Equity method                                                                                                                  638                    610                   581                      633
                                                                                                                                                     14,268                 14,240                14,183                   14,235
                     Investment properties                                                                                                            8,344                  8,344                 7,763                    7,763

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
                     Total                                                                                                                     $ 221,728              $ 215,247             $ 191,410              $ 194,309

                     1   Under IAS 39, a financial asset is designated as fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if it eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch. Changes in the fair
                         value of financial assets designated as fair value through profit or loss are generally offset by changes in insurance contract liabilities, since the measurement of insurance contract liabilities
                         is determined with reference to the assets supporting the liabilities.
                         A financial asset is classified as fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if it is part of a portfolio that is actively traded for the purpose of earning investment income.
                     2   Fair value cannot be reliably measured, therefore the investments are held at cost.



              (b) Carrying value of bonds and mortgages by term to maturity are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                                                                   Term to maturity
                                                                                                                                                   1 year             Over 1 year               Over
                                                                                                                                                   or less             to 5 years              5 years                    Total

                     Bonds    1
                                                                                                                                               $     13,560           $     42,892          $ 103,095              $ 159,547
                     Mortgage loans 2                                                                                                                 2,688                 19,108             17,722                 39,518
                     Total                                                                                                                     $     16,248           $     62,000          $ 120,817              $ 199,065

                                                                                                                                                                                       2021
                                                                                                                                                                    Term to maturity
                                                                                                                                                    1 year             Over 1 year              Over
                                                                                                                                                    or less             to 5 years             5 years                    Total

                     Bonds    1
                                                                                                                                               $     11,118           $     28,207          $ 101,269              $ 140,594
                     Mortgage loans 2                                                                                                                 1,698                 11,281             15,802                 28,781
                     Total                                                                                                                     $     12,816           $     39,488          $ 117,071              $ 169,375

                     1 Excludes the carrying value of impaired bonds as the ultimate timing of collectability is uncertain.
                     2 Excludes the carrying value of impaired mortgage loans as the ultimate timing of collectability is uncertain. Mortgage loans include equity release mortgages which do not have a fixed
                       redemption date. The maturity profile of the portfolio has therefore been estimated based on previous redemption experience.




                                                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report               137




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                                    B 121




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 121                                                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               6. Portfolio Investments (cont’d)

                               (c)    Certain stocks where equity method earnings are computed are discussed below:
                                      A significant amount of the Company’s equity method investments relate to the Company’s investment, held through Canada Life, in an
                                      affiliated company, IGM, a member of the Power Corporation group of companies, over which it exerts significant influence but does
                                      not control. The Company’s proportionate share of IGM’s earnings is recorded in net investment income in the Consolidated Statements
                                      of Earnings. The Company owns 9,200,448 shares of IGM at December 31, 2022 (9,200,448 at December 31, 2021) representing a 3.87%
                                      ownership interest (3.85% at December 31, 2021). The Company uses the equity method to account for its investment in IGM as it exercises
                                      significant influence. Significant influence arises from several factors, including, but not limited to the following: common control of the
                                      Company and IGM by Power Corporation, shared representation on the Boards of Directors of the Company and IGM, interchange of
                                      managerial personnel, certain shared strategic alliances, significant intercompany transactions and service agreements that influence the
                                      financial and operating policies of both companies.

                                                                                                                                                                          2022              2021

                                      Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                                              $         366      $           354
                                      Equity method share of IGM net earnings                                                                                                   30                   33
                                      Dividends received                                                                                                                       (21)                 (21)
                                      Carrying value, end of year                                                                                                    $         375      $           366

                                      Share of equity, end of year                                                                                                   $         237      $           243

                                      Fair value, end of year                                                                                                        $         347      $           418


                                      The Company and IGM both have a year-end date of December 31. The Company’s year-end results are approved and reported before
                                      IGM publicly reports its financial result; therefore, the Company reports IGM’s financial information by estimating the amount of
                                      earnings attributable to the Company, based on prior quarter information as well as other market expectations, to complete equity
                                      method accounting. The difference between actual and estimated results is reflected in the subsequent quarter and is not material to the




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Company’s consolidated financial statements.
                                      IGM’s financial information as at December 31, 2022 can be obtained in its publicly available information.


 PART B
                                      At December 31, 2022, IGM owned 37,337,133 (37,337,133 at December 31, 2021) common shares of the Company.


                               (d) Included in portfolio investments are the following:

                                      (i)      Carrying amount of impaired investments
                                                                                                                                                                          2022              2021

                                               Impaired amounts by classification
                                                   Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                 $           11     $            14
                                                   Available-for-sale                                                                                                             –                   7
                                                   Loans and receivables                                                                                                         40                  71
                                               Total                                                                                                                 $           51     $            92


                                               The carrying amount of impaired investments includes $40 bonds and $11 mortgage loans at December 31, 2022. ($18 bonds, $71
                                               mortgage loans and $3 stocks at December 31, 2021). The above carrying values for loans and receivables are net of allowances of
                                               $16 at December 31, 2022 and $28 at December 31, 2021.


                                      (ii)     The allowance for credit losses and changes in the allowance for credit losses related to investments classified as loans and
                                               receivables are as follows:
                                                                                                                  2022                                                    2021
                                                                                                                 Mortgage                                                Mortgage
                                                                                                 Bonds            loans               Total              Bonds            loans             Total

                                               Balance, beginning of year                    $           –   $            28      $            28    $           –   $            57    $            57
                                               Net provision for credit losses – in year                 –                42                   42                –                30                 30
                                               Write-offs, net of recoveries                             –               (54)                 (54)               –               (59)               (59)
                                               Balance, end of year                          $           –   $           16       $           16     $           –   $           28     $            28


                                               The allowance for credit losses is supplemented by the provision for future credit losses included in insurance contract liabilities.


                               138   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 122                                                                       P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 122                                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (e) Net investment income comprises the following:

                                                                                                                                            2022
                                                                                                             Mortgage                          Investment
                                                                                          Bonds               loans           Stocks            properties             Other                Total

                     Regular net investment income:
                         Investment income earned                                     $     5,858        $       1,217    $        404        $           459      $       705          $      8,643
                         Net realized gains (losses)
                               Available-for-sale                                                 (71)               –                 27                    –                   –                  (44)
                               Other classifications                                                –               17                  –                    –                 (31)                 (14)
                         Net allowances for credit losses on loans
                            and receivables                                                        –               (42)                –                     –                –                  (42)
                         Other income (expenses)                                                   –                 –                 –                  (154)            (243)                (397)
                                                                                            5,787                1,192             431                    305              431                 8,146
                     Changes in fair value through profit or loss assets:
                         Classified fair value through profit or loss                           4                    –               –                       –                   –                4
                         Designated fair value through profit or loss                     (22,558)                (639)           (636)                      –                 (33)         (23,866)
                         Recorded at fair value through profit or loss                          –                    –               –                     (41)                  –              (41)
                                                                                          (22,554)                (639)           (636)                    (41)                (33)         (23,903)
                     Total                                                            $   (16,767)       $         553    $       (205)       $           264      $       398          $   (15,757)

                                                                                                                                            2021
                                                                                                             Mortgage                              Investment
                                                                                          Bonds               loans           Stocks                properties         Other                Total

                     Regular net investment income:
                         Investment income earned                                     $     4,262        $         916    $        391        $           422      $       636          $      6,627
                         Net realized gains




                                                                                                                                                                                                           GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Available-for-sale                                                 13                 –                 14                    –                  –                    27
                               Other classifications                                              12                59                  7                    –                 34                   112


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B
                         Net allowances for credit losses on loans
                            and receivables                                                        –               (30)                –                     –                –                  (30)
                         Other income (expenses)                                                   –                 –                 –                  (146)            (197)                (343)
                                                                                            4,287                  945             412                    276              473                 6,393
                     Changes in fair value through profit or loss assets:
                         Classified fair value through profit or loss                         (104)                  –               –                      –                   –               (104)
                         Designated fair value through profit or loss                       (4,693)               (121)          2,150                      –                  70             (2,594)
                         Recorded at fair value through profit or loss                           –                   –               –                    615                   –                615
                                                                                            (4,797)               (121)          2,150                    615                  70             (2,083)
                     Total                                                            $       (510)      $         824    $      2,562        $           891      $       543          $      4,310


                     Investment income earned comprises income from investments that are classified as available-for-sale, loans and receivables and
                     investments classified or designated as fair value through profit or loss. Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest
                     income and premium and discount amortization. Income from stocks includes dividends, distributions from private equity and equity
                     income from the investment in IGM. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on investment properties, ground
                     rent income earned on leased and sub-leased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income, and interest and other investment income
                     earned on investment properties. Other income includes policyholder loan income, foreign exchange gains and losses, income earned
                     from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.


              (f)    Transferred Financial Assets
                     The Company engages in securities lending to generate additional income. The Company’s securities custodians are used as lending
                     agents. Collateral, which exceeds the fair value of the loaned securities, is deposited by the borrower with the Company’s lending agent and
                     maintained by the lending agent until the underlying security has been returned. The fair value of the loaned securities is monitored on a
                     daily basis by the lending agent who obtains or refunds additional collateral as the fair value of the loaned securities fluctuates. Included
                     in the collateral deposited with the Company’s lending agent is cash collateral of $191 at December 31, 2022 ($169 at December 31,
                     2021). In addition, the securities lending agent indemnifies the Company against borrower risk, meaning that the lending agent agrees
                     contractually to replace securities not returned due to a borrower default. As at December 31, 2022, the Company had loaned securities
                     (which are included in invested assets) with a fair value of $9,550 ($10,525 at December 31, 2021).



                                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report        139




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B 123




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 123                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               7.     Funds Held by Ceding Insurers
                               At December 31, 2022, the Company had amounts on deposit of $15,186 ($17,194 at December 31, 2021) for funds held by ceding insurers on
                               the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income and expenses arising from the agreements are included in net investment income in the Consolidated
                               Statements of Earnings.
                               The details of the funds on deposit for certain agreements where the Company has credit risk are as follows:


                               (a) Carrying values and estimated fair values:

                                                                                                                                          2022                                 2021
                                                                                                                               Carrying               Fair         Carrying                Fair
                                                                                                                                value                value          value                 value

                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                            $        222          $       222   $        336           $       336
                                      Bonds                                                                                      11,172               11,172         14,105                14,105
                                      Mortgages                                                                                     457                  457            558                   558
                                      Other assets                                                                                  129                  129            126                   126
                                      Total                                                                                $     11,980          $    11,980   $     15,125           $    15,125


                                      Supporting:
                                      Reinsurance liabilities                                                              $     11,825          $    11,825   $     14,907           $    14,907
                                      Surplus                                                                                       155                  155            218                   218
                                      Total                                                                                $     11,980          $    11,980   $     15,125           $    15,125




                               (b) The following provides details of the carrying value of bonds included in the funds on




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                   deposit by issuer and industry sector:
                                                                                                                                                                    2022                  2021


 PART B
                                      Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
                                          Treasuries                                                                                                           $         383          $     1,032
                                          Government related                                                                                                           1,122                1,463
                                          Agency securitized                                                                                                             139                  183
                                          Non-agency securitized                                                                                                       1,350                1,660
                                          Financials                                                                                                                   2,020                2,628
                                          Communications                                                                                                                 327                  427
                                          Consumer products                                                                                                            1,728                2,031
                                          Energy                                                                                                                         517                  644
                                          Industrials                                                                                                                  1,029                1,243
                                          Technology                                                                                                                     386                  498
                                          Transportation                                                                                                                 319                  404
                                          Utilities                                                                                                                    1,652                1,892
                                            Total long-term bonds                                                                                                    10,972                14,105
                                            Short-term bonds                                                                                                            200                     –
                                      Total                                                                                                                    $     11,172           $    14,105



                               (c)    The following provides details of the carrying value of mortgages included in the funds
                                      on deposit by property type:

                                                                                                                                                                    2022                  2021

                                      Multi-family residential                                                                                                 $         110          $       126
                                      Commercial                                                                                                                         347                  432
                                      Total                                                                                                                    $         457          $       558




                               140   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 1 24                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 124                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (d) Asset quality:
                     Bond Portfolio by Credit Rating
                                                                                                                                                  2022               2021

                     AAA                                                                                                                      $     1,037        $        1,251
                     AA                                                                                                                             2,607                 3,721
                     A                                                                                                                              4,289                 5,222
                     BBB                                                                                                                            3,124                 3,749
                     BB and lower                                                                                                                     115                   162
                     Total                                                                                                                    $    11,172        $    14,105


              8.     Financial Instruments Risk Management
              The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks associated with financial
              instruments. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk (currency, interest rate and equity). The
              Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of the Company’s key risks.
              The following sections describe how the Company manages each of these risks.


              (a) Credit Risk
                     Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor’s potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual obligations.
                     The following policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
                     • Investment and risk policies aim to minimize undue concentration within issuers, connected companies, industries or individual
                       geographies.
                     • Investment and risk limits specify minimum and maximum limits for each asset class.




                                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     • Identification of credit risk through an internal credit risk rating system which includes a detailed assessment of an obligor’s
                       creditworthiness. Internal credit risk ratings cannot be higher than the highest rating provided by certain independent ratings
                       companies.

                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
                     • Portfolios are monitored continuously, and reviewed regularly with the Risk Committee and the Investment Committee of the Board
                       of Directors.
                     • Credit risk associated with derivative instruments is evaluated quarterly based on conditions that existed at the balance sheet date,
                       using practices that are at least as conservative as those recommended by regulators. The Company manages derivative credit risk
                       by including derivative exposure to aggregate credit exposures measured against rating based obligor limits and through collateral
                       arrangements where possible.
                     • Counterparties providing reinsurance to the Company are reviewed for financial soundness as part of an ongoing monitoring process.
                       The minimum financial strength of reinsurers is outlined in the Reinsurance Risk Management Policy. The Company seeks to minimize
                       reinsurance credit risk by setting rating based limits on net ceded exposure by counterparty as well as seeking protection in the form of
                       collateral or funds withheld arrangements where possible.
                     • Investment guidelines also specify collateral requirements.




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     141




                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                        B 125




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 125                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               8. Financial Instruments Risk Management (cont’d)
                                      (i)      Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk
                                               The following summarizes the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk related to financial instruments. The maximum credit
                                               exposure is the carrying value of the asset net of any allowances for losses.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      2022                 2021

                                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                          $      7,290         $      6,075
                                               Bonds
                                                    Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                 113,777              103,813
                                                    Available-for-sale                                                                                                                                 11,864               12,123
                                                    Loans and receivables                                                                                                                              33,946               24,676
                                               Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                          39,529               28,852
                                               Loans to policyholders                                                                                                                                   8,820                8,319
                                               Funds held by ceding insurers 1                                                                                                                         15,186               17,194
                                               Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                                      25,018               21,138
                                               Interest due and accrued                                                                                                                                 1,709                1,239
                                               Accounts receivable                                                                                                                                      3,556                3,183
                                               Premiums in course of collection                                                                                                                         1,715                1,944
                                               Trading account assets                                                                                                                                   2,972                1,671
                                               Finance leases receivable                                                                                                                                  536                  433
                                               Other assets 2                                                                                                                                           1,995                1,196
                                               Derivative assets                                                                                                                                        2,314                  967
                                               Total                                                                                                                                              $ 270,227            $ 232,823

                                               1 Includes $11,980 ($15,125 at December 31, 2021) of funds held by ceding insurers where the Company retains the credit risk of the assets supporting the liabilities ceded (note 7).
                                               2 Includes items such as current income taxes receivable and miscellaneous other assets of the Company (note 12).




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                               Credit risk is also mitigated by entering into collateral agreements. The amount and type of collateral required depends on an
                                               assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty. Guidelines are implemented regarding the acceptability of types of collateral
                                               and the valuation parameters. Management monitors the value of the collateral, requests additional collateral when needed and

 PART B
                                               performs an impairment valuation when applicable. The Company has $1,348 of collateral received from counterparties as at
                                               December 31, 2022 ($318 at December 31, 2021) relating to derivative assets.
                                               As at December 31, 2022, $12,061 of the $25,018 of reinsurance assets are ceded to Protective Life Insurance Company ($14,512 of
                                               $21,138 at December 31, 2021). This concentration risk is mitigated by funds held in trust and other arrangements of $13,685 as at
                                               December 31, 2022 ($15,963 at December 31, 2021).




                               142   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 126                                                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 126                                                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                     (ii)   Concentration of Credit Risk
                            Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have
                            similar credit risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are similar
                            in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due.
                            The following provides details of the carrying value of bonds by issuer, industry sector and operating segment:

                                                                                                                                        2022
                                                                                                                        United                          Capital and
                                                                                                          Canada        States         Europe          Risk Solutions         Total

                            Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
                                Treasuries                                                            $       892   $       330    $       7,539       $      3,222       $     11,983
                                Government related                                                         17,054         3,283            6,631                373             27,341
                                Agency securitized                                                            175         1,270                –                 15              1,460
                                Non-agency securitized                                                      2,355        15,022              734                123             18,234
                                Financials                                                                  3,625        13,507            4,520                921             22,573
                                Communications                                                              1,008         1,872              667                137              3,684
                                Consumer products                                                           4,352        10,934            1,743                968             17,997
                                Energy                                                                      2,277         3,698              406                285              6,666
                                Industrials                                                                 2,187         8,670            1,250                418             12,525
                                Technology                                                                    848         3,394              392                298              4,932
                                Transportation                                                              3,503         2,090              638                122              6,353
                                Utilities                                                                   9,507         8,482            3,131                478             21,598
                                    Total long-term bonds                                                  47,783        72,552          27,651               7,360           155,346
                                    Short-term bonds                                                        3,001            17             822                 401             4,241
                            Total                                                                     $    50,784   $    72,569    $     28,473        $      7,761       $ 159,587




                                                                                                                                                                                            GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                         2021
                                                                                                                        United                          Capital and
                                                                                                          Canada        States          Europe         Risk Solutions         Total



                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
                            Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
                                Treasuries                                                            $       529   $        109   $     10,334        $      4,735       $     15,707
                                Government related                                                         19,501          2,183          8,694                 349             30,727
                                Agency securitized                                                            178            497              –                  17                692
                                Non-agency securitized                                                      2,215          7,788          1,149                 165             11,317
                                Financials                                                                  3,794          6,251          5,748                 886             16,679
                                Communications                                                              1,104          1,235          1,032                 113              3,484
                                Consumer products                                                           4,029          5,461          2,412                 736             12,638
                                Energy                                                                      2,602          2,634            482                 330              6,048
                                Industrials                                                                 2,092          4,707          1,393                 348              8,540
                                Technology                                                                    729          1,732            411                 319              3,191
                                Transportation                                                              3,674          1,227            897                 135              5,933
                                Utilities                                                                   9,971          5,028          4,480                 506             19,985
                                    Total long-term bonds                                                  50,418        38,852          37,032               8,639           134,941
                                    Short-term bonds                                                        2,854         1,976             644                 197             5,671
                            Total                                                                     $    53,272   $    40,828    $     37,676        $      8,836       $ 140,612




                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report      143




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      B 127




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 127                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               8. Financial Instruments Risk Management (cont’d)
                                               The following provides details of the carrying value of mortgage loans by operating segment:

                                                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                                    United                         Capital and
                                                                                                                Canada              States             Europe     Risk Solutions       Total

                                               Single family residential                                    $      1,856        $         –        $          –   $          –     $     1,856
                                               Multi-family residential                                            4,732              4,677                 897             40          10,346
                                               Equity release                                                      1,392                  –               1,705            268           3,365
                                               Commercial                                                          9,126             11,278               3,503             55          23,962
                                               Total                                                        $    17,106         $    15,955        $      6,105   $        363     $    39,529

                                                                                                                                                        2021
                                                                                                                                    United                         Capital and
                                                                                                                Canada              States             Europe     Risk Solutions       Total

                                               Single family residential                                    $      1,979        $          –       $          –   $           –    $     1,979
                                               Multi-family residential                                            4,297               2,474                792              38          7,601
                                               Equity release                                                      1,063                   –              1,546               –          2,609
                                               Commercial                                                          9,364               3,696              3,553              50         16,663
                                               Total                                                        $    16,703         $      6,170       $      5,891   $          88    $    28,852


                                      (iii)    Asset Quality

                                               Bond Portfolio by Credit Rating
                                                                                                                                                                      2022             2021

                                               AAA                                                                                                                $    25,399      $    20,254




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                               AA                                                                                                                      32,244           35,460
                                               A                                                                                                                       55,063           48,764
                                               BBB                                                                                                                     45,080           35,098

 PART B
                                               BB and lower                                                                                                             1,801            1,036
                                               Total                                                                                                              $ 159,587        $ 140,612

                                               Derivative Portfolio by Credit Rating
                                                                                                                                                                      2022             2021

                                               Over-the-counter contracts (counterparty ratings):
                                               AA                                                                                                                 $      1,604     $           662
                                               A                                                                                                                           697                 304
                                               Exchange-traded                                                                                                              13                   1
                                               Total                                                                                                              $      2,314     $           967


                                      (iv)     Loans Past Due, But Not Impaired
                                               Loans that are past due but not considered impaired are loans for which scheduled payments have not been received, but
                                               management has reasonable assurance of collection of the full amount of principal and interest due. The following provides
                                               carrying values of the loans past due, but not impaired:
                                                                                                                                                                      2022             2021

                                               Less than 30 days                                                                                                  $        530     $           164
                                               30 - 90 days                                                                                                                348                  34
                                               Greater than 90 days                                                                                                        147                 141
                                               Total                                                                                                              $      1,025     $           339


                                      (v)      The following outlines the future asset credit losses provided for in insurance contract liabilities. These amounts are in addition to
                                               the allowance for asset losses included with assets:
                                                                                                                                                                      2022             2021

                                               Participating                                                                                                      $      1,327     $     1,376
                                               Non-participating                                                                                                         1,896           1,895
                                               Total                                                                                                              $      3,223     $     3,271


                               144   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 128                                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 128                                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (b) Liquidity Risk
                     Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The following policies and
                     procedures are in place to manage this risk:
                     • The Company closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting earned and
                       required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets. Approximately 35% (approximately
                       48% in 2021) of insurance and investment contract liabilities are non-cashable prior to maturity or claim, with a further 30%
                       approximately (24% in 2021) of insurance and investment contract liabilities subject to fair value adjustments under certain conditions.
                     • Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity requirements at the
                       holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital market transactions. At December 31,
                       2022, the Company maintains $950 of liquidity at the Lifeco level through committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks. As
                       well, the Company maintains a U.S. $500 revolving credit agreement and a U.S. $500 non-revolving credit agreement at Great-West
                       Lifeco U.S. LLC, a U.S. $300 revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks for use by Putnam, and a U.S. $50 line of credit
                       at Empower.
                     In the normal course of business the Company enters into contracts that give rise to commitments of future minimum payments that
                     impact short-term and long-term liquidity. The following summarizes the principal repayment schedule for certain of the Company’s
                     financial liabilities.

                                                                                                                                 Payments due by period
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Over
                                                                            Total                1 year              2 years              3 years              4 years             5 years            5 years

                     Debentures and other debt instruments              $      9,544         $        725        $           –        $         675        $          725      $        540       $        6,879
                     Capital trust securities 1                                  150                    –                    –                    –                     –                 –                  150
                     Purchase obligations                                        537                  184                  108                   79                    55                47                   64
                     Pension contributions                                       315                  315                    –                    –                     –                 –                    –
                     Total                                              $    10,546          $      1,224        $         108        $         754        $          780      $        587       $        7,093




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     1   Payments due have not been reduced to reflect that the Company held capital trust securities of $37 principal amount ($44 carrying value).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
              (c)    Market Risk
                     Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors
                     which include three types: currency risk, interest rate (including related inflation) risk and equity risk.

                     Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
                     These consolidated financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the
                     sensitivity due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ
                     significantly from these estimates for a variety of reasons including:
                     • Assessment of the circumstances that led to the scenario may lead to changes in (re)investment approaches and interest rate
                       scenarios considered,
                     • Changes in actuarial, investment return and future investment activity assumptions,
                     • Actual experience differing from the assumptions,
                     • Changes in business mix, effective income tax rates and other market factors,
                     • Interactions among these factors and assumptions when more than one changes, and
                     • The general limitations of the Company’s internal models.
                     For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors
                     based on the assumptions outlined above. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual
                     impact on net earnings attributed to shareholders will be as indicated.




                                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     145




                                                           P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                      B 129




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 129                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               8. Financial Instruments Risk Management (cont’d)
                                      (i)      Currency Risk
                                               Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets backing
                                               insurance and investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can expose
                                               the Company to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases. The Company has net investments in foreign
                                               operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros, and U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS,
                                               foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of related hedging activities and tax
                                               effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate
                                               compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts the Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the Company’s
                                               book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.
                                               The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company’s exposure to currency risk:
                                               • The Company uses financial measures such as constant currency calculations to monitor the effect of currency
                                                 translation fluctuations.
                                               • Investments are normally made in the same currency as the liabilities supported by those investments. Segmented Investment
                                                 Guidelines include maximum tolerances for unhedged currency mismatch exposures.
                                               • For assets backing liabilities not matched by currency, the Company would normally convert the assets back to the currency of
                                                 the liability using foreign exchange contracts.
                                               • A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating insurance
                                                 and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial
                                                 change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to decrease
                                                 non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount
                                                 resulting in an immaterial change in net earnings.
                                      (ii)     Interest Rate Risk
                                               Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change causing a difference in value
                                               between the asset and liability. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company’s exposure to interest




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                               rate risk:
                                               • The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund


 PART B
                                                 assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
                                               • Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                               • Where these products have benefit or expense payments that are dependent on inflation (inflation-indexed annuities, pensions
                                                 and disability claims) the Company generally invests in real return instruments to hedge its real dollar liability cash flows. Some
                                                 protection against changes in the inflation index is achieved as any related change in the fair value of the assets will be largely
                                                 offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                               • For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets or real estate
                                                 whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to match certain period cash flows,
                                                 such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and the rest are duration matched. Hedging instruments
                                                 are employed where necessary when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments to minimize loss exposure to interest rate
                                                 changes. To the extent these cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change in the
                                                 fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                               • For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows of a
                                                 shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities as described below.
                                               • For products that provide policyholders the right to redeem balances at book value, the Company has product features to mitigate
                                                 interest rate risk.
                                               • The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of asset
                                                 acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                               Projected cash flows from the current assets and liabilities are used in the Canadian Asset Liability Method to determine insurance
                                               contract liabilities. Valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of returns on supporting assets, fixed income, equity
                                               and inflation. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future reinvestment rates and inflation assumptions with an
                                               assumed correlation together with margins for adverse deviation set in accordance with professional standards. These margins are
                                               necessary to provide for possibilities of misestimation and/or future deterioration in the best estimate assumptions and provide
                                               reasonable assurance that insurance contract liabilities cover a range of possible outcomes. Margins are reviewed periodically for
                                               continued appropriateness.
                                               Projected cash flows from fixed income assets used in actuarial calculations are reduced to provide for potential asset default losses.
                                               The net effective yield rate reduction averaged 0.11% in 2022 (0.11% in 2021). The calculation for future credit losses on assets is
                                               based on the credit quality of the underlying asset portfolio.
                                               Testing under a number of interest rate scenarios (including increasing, decreasing and fluctuating rates) is done to assess
                                               reinvestment risk because the Company’s sensitivity to interest rate movements varies at different terms.

                               146   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 130                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 130                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                             The total provision for interest rates is sufficient to cover a broader or more severe set of risks than the minimum arising from
                             the current Canadian Institute of Actuaries prescribed scenarios. The range of interest rates covered by these provisions is set in
                             consideration of long-term historical results and is monitored quarterly with a full review annually.
                             The impact to the value of liabilities from an immediate parallel 1% increase or 1% decrease in the interest rates would be largely
                             offset by changes in the value of assets supporting the liabilities. Actual movements in interest rates may produce different impacts
                             on the value of liabilities, net of changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities, depending on the extent of the change in
                             interest rates in different geographies and at different durations. An immediate 1% increase in interest rates in Canada could lead to
                             an increase in the value of liabilities, net of changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities, and a decrease in net earnings, but
                             the impact would not be expected to be material.
                             The following table provides information on the impact to the value of liabilities net of changes in the value of assets supporting
                             liabilities of an immediate parallel 1% increase or 1% decrease in the interest rates as well as a corresponding parallel shift in the
                             ultimate reinvestment rates, as defined in the actuarial standards.

                                                                                                                                                            2022                                        2021

                                                                                                                                            1% increase            1% decrease 1         1% increase           1% decrease 1

                             Change in interest rates
                                 Increase (decrease) in non-participating insurance and
                                    investment contract liabilities                                                                         $         (92)         $         386         $      (219)          $       678
                                 Increase (decrease) in net earnings                                                                        $          79          $        (290)        $       197           $      (555)

                             1   For the 1% decrease, initial risk-free yields are floored at zero, wherever risk-free yields are not currently negative.

                             The earnings sensitivities illustrated in this section represent impacts under the Company’s accounting policies as at December 31,
                             2022, including accounting for insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and financial instruments under IAS 39. These sensitivities may
                             change on transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9.
                     (iii)   Equity Risk
                             Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and other




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                             pricing risk. To mitigate pricing risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in
                             equity markets within clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
                             Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards, and interest
                             rate derivatives.
                             Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash-flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks and
                             investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private stocks, and
                             equity release mortgages. The value of the liabilities may fluctuate with changes in the value of the supporting assets. The liabilities
                             for other products such as segregated fund products with guarantees also fluctuate with equity values.
                             There may be additional market and liability impacts as a result of changes in the value of publicly traded common stocks and other
                             non-fixed income assets that will cause the liabilities to fluctuate differently than the equity values. This means that there is a greater
                             impact on net earnings from larger falls in equity values, relative to the change in equity values. Falls in equity values beyond those
                             shown in the table below would have a greater impact on net earnings, relative to the change in equity values.
                             The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the value
                             of publicly traded common stocks on insurance and investment contract liabilities and on the shareholders’ net earnings of the
                             Company. The expected impacts take into account the expected changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities and hedge assets.

                                                                                                            2022                                                                         2021
                                                                               20%                 10%               10%                 20%                  20%               10%               10%                20%
                                                                             increase            increase          decrease            decrease             increase          increase          decrease           decrease

                             Change in publicly traded
                               common stock values
                                 Increase (decrease) in
                                    non-participating insurance and
                                    investment contract liabilities          $     (43)          $     (31)        $      31            $ 180               $    (26)          $ (16)           $       22         $ 76
                                 Increase (decrease) in net earnings         $      37           $      27         $     (28)           $ (146)             $     21           $ 13             $      (19)        $ (66)




                                                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report        147




                                                           P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                                   B 131




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 131                                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               8. Financial Instruments Risk Management (cont’d)
                                               The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value
                                               of other non-fixed income assets on insurance and investment contract liabilities and on the shareholders’ net earnings of the
                                               Company. The expected impacts take into account the expected changes in the value of assets supporting liabilities.

                                                                                                                2022                                                                 2021
                                                                                            10%         5%               5%             10%                10%               5%               5%                 10%
                                                                                          increase   increase          decrease       decrease           increase         increase          decrease           decrease

                                               Change in other non-fixed
                                                 income asset values
                                                    Increase (decrease) in
                                                       non-participating insurance and
                                                       investment contract liabilities    $   (63)   $    (32)         $    90         $ 302             $    (92)        $ (46)            $       38         $ 144
                                                    Increase (decrease) in net earnings   $    52    $     26          $   (70)        $ (236)           $     79         $ 39              $      (30)        $ (112)


                                               The Canadian Institute of Actuaries Standards of Practice for the valuation of insurance contract liabilities establish limits on the
                                               investment return assumptions for publicly traded common stocks and other non-fixed income assets which are generally based
                                               on historical returns on market indices. The sensitivities shown in the tables above allow for the impact of changes in these limits
                                               following market falls.
                                               The best estimate return assumptions for publicly traded common stocks and other non-fixed income assets are primarily based on
                                               long-term historical averages. The following provides information on the expected impacts of a 1% increase or 1% decrease in the
                                               best estimate assumptions:

                                                                                                                                                         2022                                       2021
                                                                                                                                           1% increase          1% decrease          1% increase           1% decrease




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                               Change in best estimate return assumptions
                                                   Increase (decrease) in non-participating insurance contract liabilities                 $       (676)        $      806           $      (715)          $       829
                                                   Increase (decrease) in net earnings                                                     $        525         $     (620)          $       567           $      (649)

 PART B
                                               The Company sponsors a number of deferred compensation arrangements for employees where payments to participants are
                                               deferred and linked to the performance of the common shares of Lifeco. The Company hedges its exposure to the equity risk
                                               associated with its PSU Plan through the use of total return swaps.
                                               The earnings sensitivities illustrated in this section represent impacts under the Company’s accounting policies as at December 31,
                                               2022, including accounting for insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and financial instruments under IAS 39. These sensitivities may
                                               change on transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9.




                               148   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 132                                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 132                                                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (d) Enforceable Master Netting Arrangements or Similar Agreements
                     The Company enters into International Swaps and Derivative Association’s (ISDA’s) master agreements for transacting over-the-counter
                     derivatives. The Company receives and pledges collateral according to the related ISDA’s Credit Support Annexes. The ISDA’s master
                     agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting on the Consolidated Balance Sheets because they create a right of set-off that is
                     enforceable only in the event of default, insolvency, or bankruptcy.
                     For exchange-traded derivatives subject to derivative clearing agreements with the exchanges and clearinghouses, there is no provision
                     for set-off at default. Initial margin is excluded from the table within this disclosure as it would become part of a pooled settlement process.
                     The table sets out the potential effect on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets on financial instruments that have been shown in a
                     gross position where right of set-off exists under certain circumstances that do not qualify for netting on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

                                                                                                                                                                             2022
                                                                                                                                                                 Related amounts not set-off
                                                                                                                                                                     in the Balance Sheet
                                                                                                                                        Gross amount
                                                                                                                                          of financial
                                                                                                                                         instruments                                     Financial
                                                                                                                                        presented in          Offsetting                 collateral
                                                                                                                                         the Balance         counterparty                received/             Net
                                                                                                                                             Sheet             position 1                pledged 2           exposure

                     Financial instruments – assets
                         Derivative financial instruments                                                                               $      2,314         $        (856)          $       (1,274)     $         184
                     Total financial instruments – assets                                                                               $      2,314         $        (856)          $       (1,274)     $         184


                     Financial instruments – liabilities
                         Derivative financial instruments                                                                               $      1,639         $        (856)          $         (513)     $         270
                     Total financial instruments – liabilities                                                                          $      1,639         $        (856)          $         (513)     $         270




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                              2021
                                                                                                                                                                  Related amounts not set-off


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
                                                                                                                                                                      in the Balance Sheet
                                                                                                                                        Gross amount
                                                                                                                                          of financial
                                                                                                                                         instruments                                     Financial
                                                                                                                                        presented in           Offsetting                collateral
                                                                                                                                         the Balance          counterparty               received/             Net
                                                                                                                                             Sheet             position 1                pledged 2           exposure

                     Financial instruments – assets
                          Derivative financial instruments                                                                              $         967        $        (527)          $         (293)     $         147
                     Total financial instruments – assets                                                                               $         967        $        (527)          $         (293)     $         147


                     Financial instruments – liabilities
                          Derivative financial instruments                                                                              $      1,030         $        (527)          $         (279)     $         224
                     Total financial instruments – liabilities                                                                          $      1,030         $        (527)          $         (279)     $         224

                     1   Includes counterparty amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets where the Company has a potential offsetting position (as described above) but does not meet the criteria
                         for offsetting on the balance sheet, excluding collateral.
                     2   Financial collateral presented above excludes overcollateralization and, for exchange-traded derivatives, initial margin. At December 31, 2022, total financial collateral, including initial
                         margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1,348 ($318 at December 31, 2021), and pledged on derivative liabilities was $754 ($480 at December 31, 2021).




                                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         149




                                                           P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                               B 133




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 133                                                                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               9.       Fair Value Measurement
                               The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
                               Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                               Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-traded equity securities, exchange-
                               traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active market with no redemption restrictions.
                               Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                               directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs other than quoted prices
                               that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. The fair
                               values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from a pricing service. The pricing service inputs include, but are not limited to, benchmark
                               yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, offers and reference data. Level 2 assets
                               and liabilities include those priced using a matrix which is based on credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted
                               stock, some private bonds and investment funds, most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most
                               over-the-counter derivatives, and mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at fair value through profit or loss are mostly included
                               in the Level 2 category.
                               Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and include situations
                               where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained from single broker
                               quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds, certain
                               asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions, certain
                               over-the-counter derivatives, investment properties and equity release mortgages.
                               The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                                                                                                      2022
                                                                                                                                     Level 1            Level 2                  Level 3           Total

                               Assets measured at fair value




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         $      7,290       $             –          $             –   $     7,290
                               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                    Bonds                                                                                                   –           113,651                       126          113,777

 PART B
                                    Mortgage loans                                                                                          –                 –                     3,125            3,125
                                    Stocks                                                                                             10,532                76                     2,697           13,305
                               Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                             10,532           113,727                     5,948          130,207
                               Available-for-sale financial assets
                                    Bonds                                                                                                      –          11,864                        –           11,864
                                    Mortgage loans                                                                                             –               –                      240              240
                                    Stocks                                                                                                     –              10                      196              206
                               Total available-for-sale financial assets                                                                       –          11,874                      436           12,310
                               Investment properties                                                                                        –                  –                    8,344            8,344
                               Funds held by ceding insurers                                                                              222             11,629                        –           11,851
                               Derivatives 1                                                                                               13              2,301                        –            2,314
                               Reinsurance assets                                                                                           –                 73                        –               73
                               Other assets:
                                    Trading account assets                                                                                309              1,723                      940            2,972
                                    Other 2                                                                                                11                180                        –              191
                               Total assets measured at fair value                                                               $     18,377       $ 141,507                $     15,668      $ 175,552

                               Liabilities measured at fair value
                               Derivatives 3                                                                                     $              –   $      1,639             $             –   $     1,639
                               Investment contract liabilities                                                                                  –         13,810                           –        13,810
                               Other liabilities                                                                                               11            180                           –           191
                               Total liabilities measured at fair value                                                          $             11   $     15,629             $             –   $    15,640

                               1   Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $1,348.
                               2   Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
                               3   Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $532.

                               There were no transfers of the Company’s assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 in the year.




                               150    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 134                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 134                                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



                                                                                                                                                    2021
                                                                                                                  Level 1             Level 2                  Level 3             Total

              Assets measured at fair value

              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       $      6,075       $              –          $             –     $      6,075
              Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                   Bonds                                                                                                 –            103,713                       100            103,813
                   Mortgage loans                                                                                        –                  –                     2,609              2,609
                   Stocks                                                                                           11,577                 12                     1,680             13,269
              Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                           11,577            103,725                     4,389            119,691
              Available-for-sale financial assets
                   Bonds                                                                                                    –           12,123                        –              12,123
                   Stocks                                                                                                   4                1                      204                 209
              Total available-for-sale financial assets                                                                      4          12,124                      204              12,332
              Investment properties                                                                                      –                   –                    7,763               7,763
              Funds held by ceding insurers                                                                            336              14,663                        –              14,999
              Derivatives 1                                                                                              1                 966                        –                 967
              Reinsurance assets                                                                                         –                 106                        –                 106
              Other assets:
                   Trading account assets                                                                              307                 833                      531               1,671
                   Other 2                                                                                              76                  93                        –                 169
              Total assets measured at fair value                                                             $     18,376       $ 132,510                 $     12,887        $ 163,773

              Liabilities measured at fair value
              Derivatives 3                                                                                   $              3   $       1,027             $             –     $      1,030




                                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Investment contract liabilities                                                                                –          12,455                           –           12,455
              Other liabilities                                                                                             76              93                           –              169


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
              Total liabilities measured at fair value                                                        $             79   $      13,575             $             –     $     13,654

              1   Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $317.
              2   Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
              3   Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $370.

              There were no transfers of the Company’s assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 in the year.




                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report             151




                                                             P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B 135




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 135                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               9. Fair Value Measurement (cont’d)
                               The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis which the Company
                               classifies as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                                                         2022
                                                                                                                                Fair value
                                                                                                                                 through         Fair value
                                                                                                                  Fair value      profit          through      Available-
                                                                                                                   through        or loss          profit       for-sale        Available-                    Trading          Total
                                                                                                                   profit or    mortgage           or loss     mortgage          for-sale    Investment       account         Level 3
                                                                                                                 loss bonds        loans          stocks 3       loans            stocks      properties       assets         assets

                               Balance, beginning of year                                                      $       100     $    2,609       $    1,680     $        –     $       204     $   7,763      $      531      $ 12,887
                               Total gains (losses)
                                     Included in net earnings                                                           (5)          (654)             209             –               27            (41)          (125)           (589)
                                     Included in other comprehensive income 1                                            –            (70)              20            10              (36)           (42)            30             (88)
                               Purchases                                                                                51              –              888             –               29            710            710           2,388
                               Issues                                                                                    –          1,401                –           230                –              –              –           1,631
                               Sales                                                                                   (20)             –             (100)            –              (28)           (55)          (168)           (371)
                               Settlements                                                                               –           (161)               –             –                –              –              –            (161)
                               Other                                                                                     –              –                –             –                –              9              –               9
                               Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                  –              –                –             –                –              –             12              12
                               Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                –              –                –             –                –              –            (50)            (50)
                               Balance, end of year                                                            $       126     $    3,125       $    2,697     $     240      $       196     $   8,344      $      940      $ 15,668


                               Total gains (losses) for the year included in net
                                 investment income                                                             $         (5) $       (654) $           209     $        –     $        27     $      (41) $        (125) $         (589)




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year included
                                 in earnings for assets held at December 31, 2022                              $         (5) $       (652) $           209     $        –     $         –     $      (34) $        (126) $         (608)



 PART B
                               1   Amount of other comprehensive income for fair value through profit or loss bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                               2   Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
                                   Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting
                                   of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
                               3   Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                               152    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 136                                                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 136                                                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



                                                                                                                                                                       2021
                                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                   Fair value       through         Fair value
                                                                                                                    through       profit or loss     through       Available-                          Trading          Total
                                                                                                                    profit or      mortgage          profit or      for-sale       Investment          account         Level 3
                                                                                                                  loss bonds         loans         loss stocks 4     stocks         properties          assets         assets

              Balance, beginning of year                                                                          $        73     $    2,020       $    1,374      $          16   $    6,270      $         58    $      9,811
              Total gains (losses)
                    Included in net earnings                                                                                4            (121)            164               7             615                16             685
                    Included in other comprehensive income 1,2                                                             (5)            (21)              –             117             (52)                –              39
              Purchases                                                                                                    28               –             798              31             970               597           2,424
              Issues                                                                                                        –             896               –               –               –                 –             896
              Sales                                                                                                         –               –            (199)             (7)            (40)             (140)           (386)
              Settlements                                                                                                   –            (165)              –               –               –                 –            (165)
              Transfers into Level 3 2,3                                                                                    –               –               –              40               –                 –              40
              Transfers out of Level 3 3,5                                                                                  –               –            (457)              –               –                 –            (457)
              Balance, end of year                                                                                $      100      $    2,609       $    1,680      $      204      $    7,763      $        531    $ 12,887


              Total gains (losses) for the year included in net investment income                                 $         4     $      (121) $          164      $           7   $      615      $         16    $        685

              Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year
                included in earnings for assets held at December 31, 2021                                         $         4     $      (115) $          161      $          –    $      621      $         16    $        687

              1   Amount of other comprehensive income for fair value through profit or loss bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
              2   During 2021, certain stocks previously classified as available-for-sale, at cost were remeasured at a fair value of $147, are now classified as available-for-sale, and have been transferred into Level
                  3 as reliable measure of fair value was identified during the period. The carrying value of $40 was transferred into Level 3 and the difference between the carrying value and fair value of $107 was
                  recognized as an unrealized gain on available-for-sale assets with an income tax expense of $15 in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              3   Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
                  Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting
                  of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
              4   Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
              5   On January 11, 2021, Canada Life lifted the temporary suspension on contributions to and transfers into its Canadian real estate investment funds, and on April 19, 2021, the temporary suspension on
                  redemptions and transfers out was fully lifted, as confidence over the valuation of the underlying properties returned as a result of increased market activity. As a result of the lifting of these temporary
                  suspensions, the Company’s investment in these funds with a fair value of $457 was transferred on April 19, 2021 from Level 3 to Level 1.




                                                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report            153




                                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                                 B 1 37




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 137                                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               9. Fair Value Measurement (cont’d)
                               The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at year-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair
                               value hierarchy:

                                   Type of              Valuation approach                                         Significant                Input value                        Inter-relationship between key
                                   asset                                                                           unobservable                                                  unobservable inputs and fair value
                                                                                                                   input                                                         measurement
                                   Investment           Investment property valuations are generally               Discount rate              Range of 3.9% – 14.0%              A decrease in the discount rate would result in an
                                   properties           determined using property valuation models                                                                               increase in fair value. An increase in the discount rate
                                                        based on expected capitalization rates and                                                                               would result in a decrease in fair value.
                                                        models that discount expected future net cash
                                                                                                                   Reversionary rate          Range of 4.0% – 7.5%               A decrease in the reversionary rate would result in an
                                                        flows. The determination of the fair value of
                                                                                                                                                                                 increase in fair value. An increase in the reversionary
                                                        investment property requires the use of estimates
                                                                                                                                                                                 rate would result in a decrease in fair value.
                                                        such as future cash flows (such as future leasing
                                                        assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating           Vacancy rate               Weighted average of 2.5%           A decrease in the expected vacancy rate would
                                                        expenditures) and discount, reversionary and                                                                             generally result in an increase in fair value. An increase
                                                        overall capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                           in the expected vacancy rate would generally result in
                                                        asset based on current market rates.                                                                                     a decrease in fair value.

                                   Mortgage             The valuation approach for equity release                  Discount rate              Range of 4.3% – 6.9%               A decrease in the discount rate would result in an
                                   loans – equity       mortgages is to use an internal valuation model                                                                          increase in fair value. An increase in the discount rate
                                   release              to determine the projected asset cash flows,                                                                             would result in a decrease in fair value.
                                   mortgages (fair      including the stochastically calculated cost
                                   value through        of the no negative equity guarantee for each
                                   profit or loss       individual loan, to aggregate these across all
                                   and available-       loans and to discount those cash flows back
                                   for-sale)            to the valuation date. The projection is done
                                                        monthly until expected redemption of the loan
                                                        either voluntarily or on the death/entering into




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                        long term care of the loanholders.

                                   Stocks               The determination of the fair value of stocks              Discount rate              Various                            A decrease in the discount rate would result in an


 PART B
                                                        requires the use of estimates such as future                                                                             increase in fair value.
                                                        cash flows, discount rates, projected earnings                                                                           An increase in the discount rate would result in a
                                                        multiples, or recent transactions.                                                                                       decrease in fair value.


                               The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:


                                                                                                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Other assets/
                                                                                                                                                                                                          liabilities not
                                                                                                                                                                                                            held at fair
                                                                                                                                             Level 1               Level 2                Level 3             value                Total

                               Assets disclosed at fair value
                               Loans and receivables financial assets
                                   Bonds                                                                                                 $              –      $      30,379          $           69      $            –       $     30,448
                                   Mortgage loans                                                                                                       –             33,209                       –                   –             33,209
                                   Loans to policyholders                                                                                               –              8,820                       –                   –              8,820
                               Total loans and receivables financial assets                                                                             –             72,408                      69                   –             72,477
                               Available-for-sale financial assets
                                     Stocks 1                                                                                                        –                       –                      –               119                 119
                               Other stocks 2                                                                                                      347                       –                      –               263                 610
                               Funds held by ceding insurers                                                                                         –                       –                      –               129                 129
                               Total assets disclosed at fair value                                                                      $         347         $      72,408          $           69      $         511        $     73,335

                               Liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value
                               Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                     $         877         $       8,485          $             –     $            –       $      9,362
                               Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                        –                 1,125                        –                  –              1,125
                               Total liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value                                                      $         877         $       9,610          $             –     $            –       $     10,487

                               1    Fair value of certain stocks available for sale cannot be reliably measured, therefore, these investments are recorded at cost.
                               2    Other stocks include the Company’s investment in IGM.




                               154     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 138                                                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 138                                                                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



                                                                                                                                                                     2021
                                                                                                                                                                                    Other assets/
                                                                                                                                                                                    liabilities not
                                                                                                                                                                                      held at fair
                                                                                                                           Level 1               Level 2            Level 3              value              Total

              Assets disclosed at fair value
              Loans and receivables financial assets
                   Bonds                                                                                               $             –       $      26,668     $              49   $             –      $     26,717
                   Mortgage loans                                                                                                    –              27,049                     –                 –            27,049
                   Loans to policyholders                                                                                            –               8,319                     –                 –             8,319
              Total loans and receivables financial assets                                                                           –              62,036                    49                 –            62,085
              Available-for-sale financial assets
                    Stocks 1                                                                                                       –                       –                  –               124                   124
              Other stocks 2                                                                                                     418                       –                  –               215                   633
              Funds held by ceding insurers                                                                                        –                       –                  –               126                   126
              Total assets disclosed at fair value                                                                     $         418         $      62,036     $              49   $          465       $     62,968

              Liabilities disclosed at fair value
              Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                    $         186         $       9,569     $              –    $             –      $      9,755
              Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                       –                 1,475                    –                  –             1,475
              Total liabilities disclosed at fair value                                                                $         186         $      11,044     $              –    $             –      $     11,230

              1   Fair value of certain stocks available for sale cannot be reliably measured, therefore, these investments are recorded at cost.
              2   Other stocks include the Company’s investment in IGM.


              10. Goodwill and Intangible Assets




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              (a) Goodwill

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
                       (i)       The carrying value and changes in the carrying value of goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                        2022                2021

                                 Cost
                                 Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                        $     10,258         $     11,283
                                 Business acquisitions and dispositions                                                                                                                   1,281                   46
                                 Purchase price allocation adjustments                                                                                                                       31                  161
                                 Allocated to intangible assets                                                                                                                             (55)              (1,181)
                                 Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                                          338                  (51)
                                 Balance, end of year                                                                                                                              $     11,853         $     10,258



                                 Accumulated impairment
                                 Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                        $      (1,177)       $     (1,177)
                                 Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                                           (72)                  –
                                 Balance, end of year                                                                                                                              $      (1,249)       $     (1,177)
                                 Net carrying amount                                                                                                                               $     10,604         $      9,081




                                                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report        155




                                                              P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                           B 139




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 139                                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               10. Goodwill and Intangible Assets (cont’d)
                                      (ii)     Within each of the three operating segments, goodwill has been assigned to cash generating unit groupings, representing the lowest
                                               level in which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Lifeco does not allocate insignificant amounts of goodwill
                                               across multiple cash generating unit groupings. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of each cash
                                               generating unit grouping to which goodwill has been assigned to its recoverable amount as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                              2022              2021

                                               Canada
                                                    Group Customer                                                                                                        $      1,482      $     1,479
                                                    Individual Customer                                                                                                          2,560            2,549
                                               Europe                                                                                                                            2,355            2,379
                                               United States
                                                    Financial Services                                                                                                           4,207            2,674
                                               Total                                                                                                                      $     10,604      $     9,081



                               (b) Intangible Assets
                                      Intangible assets of $6,209 ($5,514 as at December 31, 2021) include indefinite life and finite life intangible assets. The carrying value and
                                      changes in the carrying value of these intangible assets are as follows:
                                      (i)      Indefinite life intangible assets:

                                                                                                                                                                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                       Shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                                         portion of
                                                                                                                                                                      acquired future
                                                                                                                              Brands and          Customer             participating




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                              trademarks       contract related        account profit           Total

                                               Cost


 PART B
                                               Balance, beginning of year                                                    $     1,048        $       2,542             $        354      $     3,944
                                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                      31                  136                        –              167
                                               Balance, end of year                                                          $     1,079        $       2,678             $        354      $     4,111


                                               Accumulated impairment
                                               Balance, beginning of year                                                    $       (130)      $      (1,028)            $           –     $    (1,158)
                                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                       (7)                (64)                        –             (71)
                                               Balance, end of year                                                          $       (137)      $      (1,092)            $           –     $    (1,229)
                                               Net carrying amount                                                           $        942       $       1,586             $        354      $     2,882

                                                                                                                                                                   2021
                                                                                                                                                                           Shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                                             portion of
                                                                                                                                                                          acquired future
                                                                                                                              Brands and           Customer                 participating
                                                                                                                              trademarks        contract related           account profit       Total

                                               Cost
                                               Balance, beginning of year                                                    $     1,063        $       2,542             $        354      $     3,959
                                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                     (15)                   –                        –              (15)
                                               Balance, end of year                                                          $     1,048        $       2,542             $        354      $     3,944


                                               Accumulated impairment
                                               Balance, beginning of year                                                    $       (133)      $      (1,028)            $           –     $    (1,161)
                                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                        3                   –                         –               3
                                               Balance, end of year                                                          $       (130)      $      (1,028)            $           –     $    (1,158)
                                               Net carrying amount                                                           $        918       $       1,514             $        354      $     2,786




                               156   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 140                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 140                                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                     (ii)    Indefinite life intangible assets have been assigned to cash generating unit groupings as follows:

                                                                                                                                                     2022              2021

                             Canada
                                  Group Customer                                                                                                 $       354       $        354
                                  Individual Customer                                                                                                    649                649
                             Europe                                                                                                                      218                221
                             United States
                                  Asset Management                                                                                                     1,566              1,473
                                  Financial Services                                                                                                      95                 89
                             Total                                                                                                               $     2,882       $      2,786



                     (iii)   Finite life intangible assets:

                                                                                                                                          2022
                                                                                                             Customer
                                                                                                             contract      Distribution           Technology/
                                                                                                              related       channels               Software            Total

                             Amortization period range                                                   7 - 30 years         30 years           3 - 10 years
                             Amortization method                                                         Straight-line    Straight-line          Straight-line

                             Cost
                             Balance, beginning of year                                                  $       2,494    $         107          $     2,488       $      5,089
                             Additions                                                                             522                –                  352                874
                             Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                     140               (2)                  76                214




                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                             Disposals                                                                               –                –                  (30)               (30)
                             Balance, end of year                                                        $       3,156    $         105          $     2,886       $      6,147



                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
                             Accumulated amortization and impairment
                             Balance, beginning of year                                                  $        (821)   $         (66)         $     (1,474)     $      (2,361)
                             Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                     (32)               2                   (58)               (88)
                             Disposals                                                                               –                –                     2                  2
                             Amortization                                                                         (160)              (4)                 (209)              (373)
                             Balance, end of year                                                        $      (1,013)   $         (68)         $     (1,739)     $      (2,820)
                             Net carrying amount                                                         $       2,143    $          37          $     1,147       $      3,327


                             During 2022, the Company recognized an impairment of $25 on software assets in the United Kingdom which is presented within
                             operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report        157




                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B 1 41




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 141                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               10. Goodwill and Intangible Assets (cont’d)


                                                                                                                                                                  2021
                                                                                                                                Customer
                                                                                                                                contract         Distribution             Technology/
                                                                                                                                 related          channels                 Software          Total

                                               Amortization period range                                                   7 - 30 years            30 years              3 - 10 years
                                               Amortization method                                                         Straight-line       Straight-line             Straight-line

                                               Cost
                                               Balance, beginning of year                                                   $       1,248      $           111           $     2,185     $     3,544
                                               Additions                                                                            1,261                    –                   340           1,601
                                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                      (15)                  (4)                  (21)            (40)
                                               Disposals                                                                                –                    –                   (16)            (16)
                                               Balance, end of year                                                         $       2,494      $           107           $     2,488     $     5,089

                                               Accumulated amortization and impairment
                                               Balance, beginning of year                                                   $        (688)     $           (65)          $     (1,304)   $    (2,057)
                                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                        4                    3                     11             18
                                               Disposals                                                                                –                    –                     14             14
                                               Amortization                                                                          (137)                  (4)                  (195)          (336)
                                               Balance, end of year                                                         $        (821)     $           (66)          $     (1,474)   $    (2,361)
                                               Net carrying amount                                                          $       1,673      $            41           $     1,014     $     2,728


                                               The weighted average remaining amortization period of the customer contract related and distribution channels are 15 and 11 years
                                               respectively (15 and 12 years respectively at December 31, 2021).




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               (c)    Recoverable Amount

 PART B
                                      For the purposes of annual impairment testing, the Company allocates intangible assets to cash generating units and goodwill to cash
                                      generating unit groupings. Any potential impairment of indefinite life intangible assets is identified by comparing the recoverable amount
                                      of a cash generating unit to its carrying value. Any potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the recoverable amount of
                                      a cash generating unit grouping to its carrying value.
                                      Fair value is initially assessed with reference to valuation multiples of comparable publicly-traded financial institutions and precedent
                                      business acquisition transactions. The calculations utilize earnings and cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by
                                      management. These valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or price-to-book measures for life insurers and asset managers.
                                      This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations, including expected growth, risk and capital market conditions,
                                      among other factors. The valuation multiples used in assessing fair value represent Level 2 inputs.
                                      In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company conducted its annual impairment testing of intangible assets and goodwill based on September
                                      30, 2022 asset balances. It was determined that the recoverable amounts of cash generating units for intangible assets and cash generating
                                      unit groupings for goodwill were in excess of their carrying values and there was no evidence of impairment.
                                      Any reasonable changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining recoverable amounts of cash generating units or cash
                                      generating unit groupings is unlikely to cause carrying values to exceed recoverable amounts.




                               158   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 142                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 142                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              11. Owner Occupied Properties and Fixed Assets
              The carrying value of owner occupied properties and the changes in the carrying value of owner occupied properties are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                    2022               2021

              Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                                                                 $        882       $          871
              Less: accumulated depreciation/impairments                                                                                                                (146)                (130)
              Net carrying value, beginning of year                                                                                                                     736                  741
              Additions                                                                                                                                                  14                   21
              Disposals                                                                                                                                                   –                   (1)
              Impairments                                                                                                                                               (18)                   –
              Depreciation                                                                                                                                              (19)                 (16)
              Foreign exchange                                                                                                                                           11                   (9)
              Net carrying value, end of year                                                                                                                   $       724        $         736

              The net carrying value of fixed assets is $399 at December 31, 2022 ($422 at December 31, 2021).
              The following provides details of the net carrying value of owner occupied properties and fixed assets by operating segment:

                                                                                                                                                                    2022               2021

              Canada                                                                                                                                            $       601        $         652
              United States                                                                                                                                             334                  317
              Europe                                                                                                                                                    187                  188
              Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                                  1                    1
              Total                                                                                                                                             $     1,123        $        1,158




                                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              There are no restrictions on the title of the owner occupied properties and fixed assets, nor are they pledged as security for debt.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
              12. Other Assets
                                                                                                                                                                    2022               2021

              Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                                                        $       663        $          615
              Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                                       371                   389
              Trading account assets 1                                                                                                                                2,972                 1,671
              Finance leases receivable                                                                                                                                 536                   433
              Defined benefit pension plan assets (note 23)                                                                                                             463                   363
              Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                                          134                   123
              Miscellaneous other assets                                                                                                                              1,659                   928
              Total                                                                                                                                             $     6,798        $        4,522

              1   Includes bonds of $2,647 and stocks of $325 at December 31, 2022 (bonds of $1,322 and stocks of $349 at December 31, 2021).



              Total other assets of $4,799 ($2,752 at December 31, 2021) are expected to be realized within 12 months from the reporting date. This amount
              excludes deferred acquisition costs, the changes in which are noted below.


              Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                                                            2022               2021

              Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                        $       615        $         618
              Additions                                                                                                                                                 121                  113
              Amortization                                                                                                                                              (58)                 (55)
              Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                                           8                  (34)
              Disposals                                                                                                                                                 (23)                 (27)
              Balance, end of year                                                                                                                              $       663        $         615




                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     159




                                                            P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       B 143




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 143                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               12. Other Assets (cont’d)

                                                                                                                                                                   2022

                               Right-of-use assets                                                                                            Property       Equipment               Total

                               Cost, beginning of year                                                                                    $           578    $            12     $           590
                               Additions                                                                                                               40                  2                  42
                               Modifications                                                                                                           (8)                (1)                 (9)
                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                       16                  –                  16
                               Cost, end of year                                                                                          $           626    $            13     $           639

                               Accumulated depreciation, beginning of year                                                                $        (194)     $            (7)    $       (201)
                               Depreciation                                                                                                         (66)                  (3)             (69)
                               Modifications                                                                                                          6                    1                7
                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                     (5)                   –               (5)
                               Accumulated depreciation, end of year                                                                      $        (259)     $            (9)    $       (268)
                               Carrying amount, end of year                                                                               $           367    $               4   $           371

                                                                                                                                                                   2021

                                                                                                                                              Property           Equipment           Total

                               Cost, beginning of year                                                                                    $           568    $             8     $           576
                               Additions                                                                                                               21                  5                  26
                               Modifications                                                                                                          (10)                (1)                (11)
                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                       (1)                 –                  (1)
                               Cost, end of year                                                                                          $           578    $            12     $           590




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Accumulated depreciation, beginning of year                                                                $        (134)     $            (5)    $       (139)
                               Depreciation                                                                                                         (66)                  (2)             (68)
                               Modifications                                                                                                          7                    –                7


 PART B
                               Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                     (1)                   –               (1)
                               Accumulated depreciation, end of year                                                                      $        (194)     $            (7)    $       (201)
                               Carrying amount, end of year                                                                               $           384    $               5   $           389



                               Finance leases receivable
                               The Company has a finance lease on one property in Canada which has been leased for a 25-year term. The Company has nine finance leases on
                               properties in Europe. These properties have been leased for terms ranging between 27 and 40 years.
                               The terms to maturity of the lease payments receivable are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                   2022              2021

                               One year or less                                                                                                              $          34       $            30
                               Over one year to two years                                                                                                               36                    31
                               Over two years to three years                                                                                                            37                    32
                               Over three years to four years                                                                                                           37                    33
                               Over four years to five years                                                                                                            37                    33
                               Over five years                                                                                                                         879                   717
                               Total undiscounted lease payments                                                                                                     1,060                   876
                               Less: unearned finance lease income                                                                                                     524                   443
                               Total finance leases receivable                                                                                               $         536       $           433
                               Finance income on the net investment in the leases                                                                            $            28     $            27




                               160   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 144                                                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 144                                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              13. Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities

              (a) Insurance and investment contract liabilities

                                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                     Gross          Reinsurance
                                                                                                                   liability           assets             Net

                     Insurance contract liabilities                                                            $ 233,888           $    24,945        $ 208,943
                     Investment contract liabilities                                                              13,810                    73           13,737
                     Total                                                                                     $ 247,698           $    25,018        $ 222,680

                                                                                                                                       2021
                                                                                                                     Gross          Reinsurance
                                                                                                                    liability          assets             Net

                     Insurance contract liabilities                                                            $ 208,378           $    21,032        $ 187,346
                     Investment contract liabilities                                                              12,455                   106           12,349
                     Total                                                                                     $ 220,833           $    21,138        $ 199,695



              (b) Composition of insurance and investment contract liabilities and related supporting assets
                     (i)     The composition of insurance and investment contract liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                     Gross          Reinsurance
                                                                                                                   liability           assets             Net




                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                             Participating
                                   Canada                                                                      $      49,871       $      (226)       $    50,097


                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
                                   United States                                                                      10,649             4,003              6,646
                                   Europe                                                                                128                 –                128
                                   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                            761                 –                761
                             Non-Participating
                                   Canada                                                                            32,056                274             31,782
                                   United States                                                                    105,000             16,193             88,807
                                   Europe                                                                            37,415              4,688             32,727
                                   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                        11,818                 86             11,732
                             Total                                                                             $ 247,698           $    25,018        $ 222,680

                                                                                                                                       2021
                                                                                                                     Gross          Reinsurance
                                                                                                                    liability          assets             Net

                             Participating
                                   Canada                                                                      $      50,049       $       (115)      $    50,164
                                   United States                                                                      10,694                 13            10,681
                                   Europe                                                                                141                  –               141
                                   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                            886                  –               886
                             Non-Participating
                                   Canada                                                                             34,780               207             34,573
                                   United States                                                                      63,938            14,708             49,230
                                   Europe                                                                             47,215             6,197             41,018
                                   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                         13,130               128             13,002
                             Total                                                                             $ 220,833           $    21,138        $ 199,695




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report    161




                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               B 145




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 145                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               13. Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (cont’d)
                                      (ii)     The composition of the assets supporting liabilities and equity is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                 2022
                                                                                                                 Mortgage                               Investment
                                                                                                 Bonds            loans               Stocks             properties           Other         Total

                                               Carrying value
                                               Participating liabilities
                                                     Canada                                  $    20,382     $     11,710         $      8,043          $        4,519    $     5,217   $    49,871
                                                     United States                                 4,472              597                  137                       –          5,443        10,649
                                                     Europe                                           54                –                   46                       8             20           128
                                                     Capital and Risk Solutions                      554                6                    –                       –            201           761
                                               Non-participating liabilities
                                                     Canada                                       21,731            4,287                2,764                     715          2,559        32,056
                                                     United States                                58,238           12,616                  817                       –         33,329       105,000
                                                     Europe                                       24,270            6,105                  388                   2,345          4,307        37,415
                                                     Capital and Risk Solutions                    5,374              224                    –                       –          6,220        11,818
                                               Other                                              13,653            3,076                1,229                     327        403,154       421,439
                                               Total equity                                       10,859              908                  844                     430         19,277        32,318
                                               Total carrying value                          $ 159,587       $     39,529         $    14,268           $        8,344    $ 479,727     $ 701,455
                                               Fair value                                    $ 156,089       $     36,574         $    14,240           $        8,344    $ 479,727     $ 694,974

                                                                                                                                                 2021
                                                                                                                 Mortgage                                   Investment
                                                                                                 Bonds            loans               Stocks                 properties       Other         Total

                                               Carrying value
                                               Participating liabilities




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                     Canada                                  $    21,370     $     11,166         $      8,522          $        4,013    $     4,978   $    50,049
                                                     United States                                 4,876              607                   76                       –          5,135        10,694


 PART B
                                                     Europe                                           66                –                   67                       8              –           141
                                                     Capital and Risk Solutions                      666                8                    –                       –            212           886
                                               Non-participating liabilities
                                                     Canada                                       23,620             4,661               3,116                     579          2,804        34,780
                                                     United States                                32,302             4,641                 211                       –         26,784        63,938
                                                     Europe                                       33,208             5,891                 391                   2,743          4,982        47,215
                                                     Capital and Risk Solutions                    6,394                80                   –                       –          6,656        13,130
                                               Other                                               7,257             1,202                 873                     157        369,683       379,172
                                               Total equity                                       10,853               596                 927                     263         17,844        30,483
                                               Total carrying value                          $ 140,612       $     28,852         $    14,183           $        7,763    $ 439,078     $ 630,488
                                               Fair value                                    $ 142,653       $     29,658         $    14,235           $        7,763    $ 439,078     $ 633,387


                                               Cash flows of assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities are matched within reasonable limits. Changes in the
                                               fair values of these assets are largely offset by changes in the fair value of insurance and investment contract liabilities.
                                               Changes in the fair values of assets backing capital and surplus, less related income taxes, would result in a corresponding change
                                               in surplus over time in accordance with investment accounting policies.




                               162   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 146                                                                       P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 146                                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (c)    Change in insurance contract liabilities
                     The change in insurance contract liabilities during the year was the result of the following business activities and changes in actuarial
                     estimates:

                                                                                                                             2022
                                                                                                                        Participating
                                                                                                            Gross       Reinsurance
                                                                                                          liability        assets                Net

                     Balance, beginning of year                                                       $     61,770      $        (102)      $    61,872
                     Impact of new business                                                                    (60)                (4)              (56)
                     Normal change in force                                                                   (571)                11              (582)
                     Management action and changes in assumptions                                             (415)              (138)             (277)
                     Business movement from/to external parties                                                  –              4,038            (4,038)
                     Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   685                (28)              713
                     Balance, end of year                                                             $     61,409      $       3,777       $    57,632


                                                                                                                      Non-participating
                                                                                                            Gross       Reinsurance
                                                                                                          liability        assets                Net             Total Net

                     Balance, beginning of year                                                       $ 146,608         $     21,134        $ 125,474          $ 187,346
                     Impact of new business                                                               5,881                 (374)           6,255              6,199
                     Normal change in force                                                             (28,141)              (5,733)         (22,408)           (22,990)
                     Management action and changes in assumptions                                           264                  433             (169)              (446)
                     Business movement from/to external parties                                             (29)               5,084           (5,113)            (9,151)
                     Prudential acquisition (note 3)                                                     43,550                    –           43,550             43,550
                     Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                              4,346                  624            3,722              4,435




                                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     Balance, end of year                                                             $ 172,479         $     21,168        $ 151,311          $ 208,943



                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B
                                                                                                                              2021
                                                                                                                         Participating
                                                                                                           Gross         Reinsurance
                                                                                                          liability         assets               Net

                     Balance, beginning of year                                                       $     58,264      $        (186)      $    58,450
                     Impact of new business                                                                    (78)                 –               (78)
                     Normal change in force                                                                  3,819                 27             3,792
                     Management action and changes in assumptions                                             (223)                57              (280)
                     Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (12)                 –               (12)
                     Balance, end of year                                                             $     61,770      $        (102)      $    61,872


                                                                                                                      Non-participating
                                                                                                           Gross         Reinsurance
                                                                                                          liability         assets               Net             Total Net

                     Balance, beginning of year                                                       $ 150,638         $     22,177        $ 128,461          $ 186,911
                     Impact of new business                                                              10,559                   84           10,475             10,397
                     Normal change in force                                                             (12,920)              (1,472)         (11,448)            (7,656)
                     Management action and changes in assumptions                                          (673)                (540)            (133)              (413)
                     Business movement from/to external parties                                            (613)                 (37)            (576)              (576)
                     Ark Life acquisition (note 3)                                                        1,257                1,238               19                 19
                     Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                             (1,640)                (316)          (1,324)            (1,336)
                     Balance, end of year                                                             $ 146,608         $     21,134        $ 125,474          $ 187,346




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   163




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 1 47




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 147                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               13. Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (cont’d)
                                      Under IFRS 4, movement in the fair value of the supporting assets is a major factor in the movement of insurance contract liabilities. Changes
                                      in the fair value of assets are largely offset by corresponding changes in the fair value of liabilities. The change in the value of the insurance
                                      contract liabilities associated with the change in the value of the supporting assets is included in the normal change in force above.
                                      In 2022, the major contributor to the increase in net insurance contract liabilities was the Prudential acquisition of $43,550. This was
                                      partially offset by decreases due to normal change in the in force business of $22,990, primarily due to fair value adjustments due to
                                      increased interest rates. Business movement from/to external parties includes a new reinsurance arrangement (note 3).
                                      Net non-participating insurance contract liabilities decreased by $169 in 2022 due to management actions and changes in assumptions
                                      including a $127 decrease in Capital & Risk Solutions and $147 decrease in Europe, partially offset by an increase of $105 in Canada.
                                      The decrease in Capital & Risk Solutions was primarily due to updated longevity assumptions of $194, partially offset by increases due to
                                      updated mortality assumptions of $55 and updated expense and tax assumptions of $24.
                                      The decrease in Europe was primarily due to updated longevity assumptions of $128.
                                      The increase in Canada was primarily due to updated policyholder behaviour assumptions of $311. This was partially offset by decreases
                                      due to updated mortality assumptions of $76, modeling refinements of $58, and a decrease of $55 due to a change in the corporate tax rate.
                                      There was no change in the U.S. due to management actions or changes in assumptions.
                                      Net participating insurance contract liabilities decreased by $277 in 2022 due to management actions and changes in assumptions.
                                      Effective October 15, 2021, the Canadian Actuarial Standards Board published revised standards for the valuation of insurance contract
                                      liabilities. The revised standards include decreases to ultimate reinvestment rates, revised calibration criteria for stochastic risk-free
                                      interest rates and an increase to the maximum net credit spread on reinvestment over the long term.
                                      In 2021, the major contributor to the increase in net insurance contract liabilities was the impact of new business of $10,397. This was
                                      partially offset by decreases due to normal change in the in force business of $7,656 and foreign exchange rate changes of $1,336.
                                      Net non-participating insurance contract liabilities decreased by $133 due to management actions and changes in assumptions including
                                      a $219 decrease in Europe and $7 decrease in the U.S., partially offset by increases of $75 in Canada and $18 in Capital and Risk Solutions.
                                      The decrease in Europe was primarily due to updated economic and asset related assumptions of $165, updated longevity assumptions of




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      $29, and updated policyholder behaviour assumptions of $22.
                                      The decrease in the U.S. was primarily due to updated economic assumptions, which includes the net impact of the new standards, of $5.


 PART B
                                      The increase in Canada was primarily due to updated policyholder behaviour assumptions of $172, mortality updates of $44, and updated
                                      morbidity assumptions of $37. This was partially offset by decreases due to updated economic and asset related assumptions, which
                                      includes the net impact of the new standards, of $146, and modeling refinements of $29.
                                      The increase in Capital and Risk Solutions was primarily due to updated expense assumptions of $11, and updated life mortality and
                                      longevity assumptions of $6.
                                      Net participating insurance contract liabilities decreased by $280 in 2021 due to management actions and changes in assumptions.




                               164   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 148                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 148                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (d) Change in investment contract liabilities measured at fair value

                                                                                                       2022                                              2021

                                                                                         Gross     Reinsurance                         Gross          Reinsurance
                                                                                       liability      assets           Net            liability          assets             Net

                     Balance, beginning of year                                    $     12,455    $      106      $   12,349    $        9,145      $       130        $        9,015
                     Normal change in force business                                      2,433            38           2,395             3,497               38                 3,459
                     Investment experience                                               (2,523)          (76)         (2,447)             (242)             (62)                 (180)
                     Management action and changes in assumptions                             1             –               1                 –                –                     –
                     Prudential acquisition (note 3)                                        690             –             690                 –                –                     –
                     Ark Life acquisition (note 3)                                            –             –               –                43                –                    43
                     Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                754             5             749                12                –                    12
                     Balance, end of year                                          $     13,810    $          73   $   13,737    $      12,455       $       106        $    12,349



                     The carrying value of investment contract liabilities approximates their fair value. The impact to investment experience in 2022 was due to
                     fair value adjustments related to increased interest rates.


              (e) Gross premiums written and gross policyholder benefits

                     (i)    Premium Income
                                                                                                                                                         2022               2021

                            Direct premiums                                                                                                          $    30,016        $    26,219
                            Assumed reinsurance premiums                                                                                                  34,702             31,178




                                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                            Total                                                                                                                    $    64,718        $    57,397

                     (ii)   Policyholder Benefits

                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
                                                                                                                                                         2022               2021

                            Direct                                                                                                                   $    24,628        $    20,903
                            Assumed reinsurance                                                                                                           34,208             28,452
                            Total                                                                                                                    $    58,836        $    49,355



              (f)    Actuarial Assumptions
                     In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of mortality/morbidity,
                     investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy options or
                     provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a margin for adverse deviation. These
                     margins are necessary to provide for possibilities of misestimation and/or future deterioration in the best estimate assumptions and
                     provide reasonable assurance that insurance contract liabilities cover a range of possible outcomes. Margins are reviewed periodically for
                     continued appropriateness.
                     The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined below:

                     Mortality
                     A life insurance mortality study is carried out annually for each major block of insurance business. The results of each study are used to
                     update the Company’s experience valuation mortality tables for that business. When there is insufficient data, use is made of the latest
                     industry experience to derive an appropriate valuation mortality assumption. Improvement scales for life insurance and annuitant
                     mortality are updated periodically based on population and industry studies, product specific considerations, as well as professional
                     guidance. In addition, appropriate provisions have been made for future mortality deterioration on term insurance.
                     Annuitant mortality is also studied regularly and the results are used to modify established annuitant mortality tables.




                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     165




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     B 149




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 149                                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               13. Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (cont’d)

                                      Morbidity
                                      The Company uses industry developed experience tables modified to reflect emerging Company experience. Both claim incidence and
                                      termination are monitored regularly and emerging experience is factored into the current valuation.

                                      Property and casualty reinsurance
                                      Insurance contract liabilities for property and casualty reinsurance written by entities within the Capital and Risk Solutions operating
                                      segment are determined using accepted actuarial practices for property and casualty insurers in Canada. The insurance contract liabilities
                                      are based on cession statements provided by ceding companies. In addition, insurance contract liabilities also include an amount
                                      for incurred but not reported losses which may differ significantly from the ultimate loss development. The estimates and underlying
                                      methodology are continually reviewed and updated, and adjustments to estimates are reflected in earnings. Capital and Risk Solutions
                                      analyzes the emergence of claims experience against expected assumptions for each reinsurance contract separately and at the portfolio
                                      level. If necessary, a more in-depth analysis is undertaken of the cedant experience.

                                      Investment returns
                                      The assets which correspond to the different liability categories are segmented. For each segment, projected cash flows from the current
                                      assets and liabilities are used in the Canadian Asset Liability Method to determine insurance contract liabilities. Cash flows from assets are
                                      reduced to provide for asset default losses. Testing under several interest rate and equity scenarios (including increasing and decreasing
                                      rates) is done to provide for reinvestment risk (note 8(c)).

                                      Expenses
                                      Contractual policy expenses (e.g. sales commissions) and tax expenses are reflected on a best estimate basis. Expense studies for indirect
                                      operating expenses are updated regularly to determine an appropriate estimate of future operating expenses for the liability type being
                                      valued. An inflation assumption is incorporated in the estimate of future operating expenses consistent with the interest rate scenarios
                                      projected under the Canadian Asset Liability Method as inflation is assumed to be correlated with new money interest rates.

                                      Policy termination




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Studies to determine rates of policy termination are updated regularly to form the basis of this estimate. Industry data is also available and
                                      is useful where the Company has no experience with specific types of policies or its exposure is limited. The Company’s most significant

 PART B
                                      exposures are in respect of the T-100 and Level Cost of Insurance Universal Life products in Canada and policy renewal rates at the end of
                                      term for renewable term policies in Canada and Capital and Risk Solutions. Industry experience has guided the Company’s assumptions
                                      for these products as the Company’s own experience is very limited.

                                      Utilization of elective policy options
                                      There are a wide range of elective options embedded in the policies issued by the Company. Examples include term renewals, conversion
                                      to whole life insurance (term insurance), settlement annuity purchase at guaranteed rates (deposit annuities) and guarantee re-sets
                                      (segregated fund maturity guarantees). The assumed rates of utilization are based on Company or industry experience when it exists and
                                      when not on judgment considering incentives to utilize the option. Generally, whenever it is clearly in the best interests of an informed
                                      policyholder to utilize an option, then it is assumed to be elected.

                                      Policyholder dividends and adjustable policy features
                                      Future policyholder dividends and other adjustable policy features are included in the determination of insurance contract liabilities
                                      with the assumption that policyholder dividends or adjustable benefits will change in the future in response to the relevant experience.
                                      The dividend and policy adjustments are determined consistent with policyholders’ reasonable expectations, such expectations being
                                      influenced by the participating policyholder dividend policies and/or policyholder communications, marketing material and past
                                      practice. It is the Company’s expectation that changes will occur in policyholder dividend scales or adjustable benefits for participating
                                      or adjustable business respectively, corresponding to changes in the best estimate assumptions, resulting in an immaterial net change in
                                      insurance contract liabilities. Where underlying guarantees may limit the ability to pass all of this experience back to the policyholder, the
                                      impact of this non-adjustability on shareholders’ earnings is reflected in the changes in best estimate assumptions above.




                               166   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 150                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 150                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


               (g) Risk Management
                      (i)   Insurance risk
                            Insurance risk is the risk that the insured event occurs and that there are large deviations between expected and actual actuarial
                            assumptions including mortality, persistency, longevity, morbidity, expense variations and investment returns.
                            The Company is in the business of accepting risk associated with insurance contract liabilities. The objective of the Company is
                            to mitigate its exposure to risk arising from these contracts through product design, product and geographical diversification, the
                            implementation of the Company’s underwriting strategy guidelines, and through the use of reinsurance arrangements.
                            The following provides information about the Company’s insurance contract liabilities sensitivities to management’s best estimate
                            of the approximate impact as a result of changes in assumptions used to determine the Company’s liability associated with
                            these contracts.

                                                                                                                                                          Increase (decrease)
                                                                                                                                                            in net earnings
                                                                                                                                                       2022                2021

                            Mortality – 2% increase                                                                                                $       (247)      $         (276)
                            Annuitant mortality – 2% decrease                                                                                      $       (522)      $         (722)
                            Morbidity – 5% adverse change                                                                                          $       (253)      $         (262)
                            Investment returns
                                  Parallel shift in yield curve
                                       1% increase                                                                                                 $          –       $            –
                                       1% decrease                                                                                                 $          –       $            –
                                  Change in interest rates
                                       1% increase                                                                                                 $         79       $          197
                                       1% decrease                                                                                                 $       (290)      $         (555)
                                  Change in publicly traded common stock values
                                       20% increase                                                                                                $         37       $            21




                                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                       10% increase                                                                                                $         27       $            13
                                       10% decrease                                                                                                $        (28)      $           (19)


                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
                                       20% decrease                                                                                                $       (146)      $           (66)
                                  Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                       10% increase                                                                                                $         52       $           79
                                       5% increase                                                                                                 $         26       $           39
                                       5% decrease                                                                                                 $        (70)      $          (30)
                                       10% decrease                                                                                                $       (236)      $         (112)
                                  Change in best estimate return assumptions for equities
                                       1% increase                                                                                                 $        525       $        567
                                       1% decrease                                                                                                 $       (620)      $       (649)
                            Expenses – 5% increase                                                                                                 $       (193)      $       (207)
                            Policy termination and renewal – 10% adverse change                                                                    $       (945)      $     (1,002)


                            The earnings sensitivities illustrated in the table above represent impacts under the Company’s accounting policies as at December
                            31, 2022, including accounting for insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and financial instruments under IAS 39. These sensitivities may
                            change on transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9.
                            Concentration risk may arise from geographic regions, accumulation of risks and market risk. The concentration of insurance risk
                            before and after reinsurance by geographic region is described below.

                                                                                                        2022                                           2021
                                                                                          Gross     Reinsurance                      Gross          Reinsurance
                                                                                        liability      assets         Net           liability          assets              Net

                            Canada                                                  $     81,927    $       48    $   81,879   $      84,829       $        92        $    84,737
                            United States                                                115,649        20,196        95,453          74,632            14,721             59,911
                            Europe                                                        37,543         4,688        32,855          47,356             6,197             41,159
                            Capital and Risk Solutions                                    12,579            86        12,493          14,016               128             13,888
                            Total                                                   $ 247,698       $   25,018    $ 222,680    $ 220,833           $    21,138        $ 199,695




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report      167




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    B 151




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 151                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               13. Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities (cont’d)
                                      (ii)     Reinsurance risk
                                               Maximum limits per insured life benefit amount (which vary by line of business) are established for life and health insurance, and
                                               reinsurance is purchased for amounts in excess of those limits.
                                               Reinsurance costs and recoveries as defined by the reinsurance agreement are reflected in the valuation with these costs and
                                               recoveries being appropriately calibrated to the direct assumptions.
                                               Reinsurance contracts do not relieve the Company from its obligations to policyholders. Failure of reinsurers to honour their
                                               obligations could result in losses to the Company. The Company evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers to minimize its
                                               exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies.
                                               Certain of the reinsurance contracts are on a funds withheld basis where the Company retains the assets supporting the reinsured
                                               insurance contract liabilities, thus minimizing the exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvency on those contracts.

                               14. Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities
                               The Company offers segregated fund products in Canada, the U.S. and Europe that are referred to as segregated funds, separate accounts and
                               unit-linked funds in the respective region. These funds are contracts issued by insurers to segregated fund policyholders where the benefit is
                               directly linked to the performance of the investments, the risks or rewards of the fair value movements and net investment income is realized by
                               the segregated fund policyholders. The segregated fund policyholders are required to select the segregated funds that hold a range of underlying
                               investments. While the Company has legal title to the investments, there is a contractual obligation to pass along the investment results to the
                               segregated fund policyholder and the Company segregates these investments from those of the Company.
                               In Canada and the U.S., the segregated fund and separate account assets are legally separated from the general assets of the Company under the
                               terms of the policyholder agreement and cannot be used to settle obligations of the Company. In Europe, the assets of the funds are functionally
                               and constructively segregated from those of the Company. As a result of the legal and constructive arrangements of these funds, the assets and
                               liabilities of these funds are presented as line items within the Consolidated Balance Sheets titled investments on account of segregated fund
                               policyholders and with an equal liability titled investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders.
                               In circumstances where the segregated funds are invested in structured entities and are deemed to control the entity, the Company has presented




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               the non-controlling ownership interest within the segregated funds for the risk of policyholders as equal and offsetting amounts in the assets and
                               liabilities. The amounts presented within are $6,388 at December 31, 2022 ($3,125 at December 31, 2021).


 PART B
                               Within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, all segregated fund policyholders’ income, including fair value changes and net investment
                               income, is credited to the segregated fund policyholders and reflected in the assets and liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders
                               within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As these amounts do not directly impact the revenues and expenses of the Company, these amounts are
                               not included separately in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

                               Segregated Funds Guarantee Exposure
                               The Company offers retail segregated fund products, unitized with profits (UWP) products and variable annuity products that provide for certain
                               guarantees that are tied to the market values of the investment funds. While these products are similar to mutual funds, there is a key difference
                               from mutual funds as the segregated funds have certain guarantee features that protect the segregated fund policyholder from market declines in
                               the underlying investments. These guarantees are the Company’s primary exposure on these funds. The Company accounts for these guarantees
                               within insurance and investment contract liabilities within the consolidated financial statements. In addition to the Company’s exposure on the
                               guarantees, the fees earned by the Company on these products are impacted by the market value of these funds.
                               In Canada, the Company offers retail segregated fund products through Canada Life. These products provide guaranteed minimum death
                               benefits (GMDB) and guaranteed minimum accumulation on maturity benefits.
                               In the U.S., the Company has a mix of open and closed blocks of group variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
                               (GMWB) and a closed block of group standalone GMDB products which mainly provide return of premium on death. A block of GMWB policies
                               was acquired from Prudential on April 1, 2022.
                               In Europe, the Company offers UWP products in Germany and unit-linked products with investment guarantees in Ireland. These products are
                               similar to segregated fund products but include minimum credited interest rates and pooling of policyholders’ funds.
                               The Company also offers a GMWB product in the U.S., and Germany, and previously offered GMWB product in Canada and Ireland. Certain
                               GMWB products offered by the Company offer levels of death and maturity guarantees. At December 31, 2022, the amount of GMWB product
                               in-force in Canada, the U.S., Ireland and Germany was $7,033 ($3,316 at December 31, 2021).




                               168   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 152                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 152                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting requirements of each
              region of the Company’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:


              (a) Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders

                                                                                                                                                                                    2022                 2021

                     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                  $    14,562          $    12,500
                     Bonds                                                                                                                                                           69,371               60,647
                     Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                                   2,159                2,377
                     Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                                117,878              134,568
                     Mutual funds                                                                                                                                                   168,459              133,916
                     Investment properties                                                                                                                                           13,035               12,776
                                                                                                                                                                                    385,464              356,784
                     Accrued income                                                                                                                                                     692                  442
                     Other liabilities                                                                                                                                               (4,647)              (2,932)
                     Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                                            6,388                3,125
                     Total 1                                                                                                                                                    $ 387,897            $ 357,419

                     1   At December 31, 2022, $66,283 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($83,754 at December 31,
                         2021). Included in this amount are $157 of cash and cash equivalents, $12,437 of bonds, $15 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $53,778 of mutual funds, $103 of accrued income and
                         $(207) of other liabilities.




              (b) Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                    2022                 2021

                     Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                                 $ 357,419            $ 334,032


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
                         Additions (deductions):
                              Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                                  40,618               29,657
                              Net investment income                                                                                                                                   8,019                9,442
                              Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                               1,082               15,799
                              Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                                  (62,823)              11,473
                              Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                      9,487               (7,109)
                              Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                              (46,859)             (40,324)
                              Business acquisitions 1                                                                                                                                77,700                2,844
                              Change in Segregated Fund investment in General Fund                                                                                                       64                  (30)
                              Change in General Fund investment in Segregated Fund                                                                                                      (14)                 (22)
                              Net transfer (to) from General Fund                                                                                                                       (59)                  22
                              Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                                   3,263                1,635
                     Total                                                                                                                                                           30,478               23,387
                     Balance, end of year                                                                                                                                       $ 387,897            $ 357,419

                     1   Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders acquired through the Prudential acquisition in 2022 and the acquisition of Ark Life in 2021 (note 3).




              (c)    Investment income on account of segregated fund policyholders

                                                                                                                                                                                    2022                 2021

                     Net investment income                                                                                                                                      $     8,019          $     9,442
                     Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                                        1,082               15,799
                     Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                                           (62,823)              11,473
                     Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                               9,487               (7,109)
                     Total                                                                                                                                                          (44,235)              29,605
                     Change in investment and insurance contracts liability on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                             (44,235)              29,605
                     Net                                                                                                                                                        $           –        $            –


                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report          169




                                                           P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                        B 153




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 153                                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               14. Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities (cont’d)

                               (d) Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders by fair value hierarchy level (note 9)

                                                                                                                                                                                   2022
                                                                                                                                                    Level 1             Level 2               Level 3         Total

                                      Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders 1                                                  $ 270,907          $ 106,720             $     14,455    $ 392,082

                                      1   Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,185.
                                                                                                                                                                                   2021
                                                                                                                                                    Level 1             Level 2               Level 3         Total

                                      Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders 1                                                  $ 249,543          $     96,575          $     13,822    $ 359,940

                                      1   Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,521.

                                      During 2022, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $2,301 have been transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 ($2,137 were transferred from
                                      Level 2 to Level 1 at December 31, 2021) primarily based on the Company’s change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active
                                      markets for certain foreign stock holdings at year end. Level 2 assets include those assets where fair value is not available from normal
                                      market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in active markets and where the Company does not have
                                      access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
                                      As at December 31, 2022, $3,928 ($5,394 at December 31, 2021) of the segregated funds were invested in funds managed by related parties
                                      IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, members of the Power Corporation group of companies (note 25).
                                      The following presents additional information about the Company’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for which
                                      the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:


                                                                                                                                                                                               2022           2021

                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                          $     13,822    $    13,556




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                          (310)           415
                                      Purchases 1                                                                                                                                                1,011            333
                                      Sales                                                                                                                                                       (366)          (482)

 PART B
                                      Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                                       343              5
                                      Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                                     (45)            (5)
                                      Balance, end of year                                                                                                                                $     14,455    $    13,822

                                      1   Includes $236 of Level 3 assets acquired through the Prudential acquisition (note 3).

                                      Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level 3 are due
                                      primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
                                      pricing vendors.
                               In addition to the segregated funds, the Company has interests in a number of structured unconsolidated entities including mutual funds, open-
                               ended investment companies, and unit trusts. These entities are created as investment strategies for its unit-holders based on the directive of
                               each individual fund.
                               Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of the Company, who are paid sub-advisory fees at normal market rates for their services.
                               The Company earns management fees related to managing the segregated fund products. Management fees can be variable due to performance
                               of factors – such as markets or industries – in which the fund invests. Fee income derived in connection with the management of investment
                               funds generally increases or decreases in direct relationship with changes of assets under management which is affected by prevailing market
                               conditions, and the inflow and outflow of client assets.
                               Factors that could cause assets under management and fees to decrease include declines in equity markets, changes in fixed income markets,
                               changes in interest rates and defaults, redemptions and other withdrawals, political and other economic risks, changing investment trends and
                               relative investment performance. The risk is that fees may vary but expenses and recovery of initial expenses are relatively fixed, and market
                               conditions may cause a shift in asset mix potentially resulting in a change in revenue.
                               During 2022, fee and other income earned by the Company resulting from the Company’s interests in segregated funds and other structured
                               entities was $6,332 ($6,194 during 2021).
                               Included within other assets (note 12) at December 31, 2022 is $2,777 ($1,525 at December 31, 2021) of investments by the Company in bonds
                               and stocks of Putnam and Empower sponsored funds and $195 ($146 at December 31, 2021) of investments in stocks of sponsored unit trusts
                               in Europe.




                               170   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 154                                                                                      P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 154                                                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              15. Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
                                                                                                                              2022                                    2021
                                                                                                             Carrying value          Fair value      Carrying value          Fair value

              Short-term
                  Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rates
                     4.628% (0.172% to 0.203% at December 31, 2021), unsecured                               $        135        $          135      $        122        $          122
                  Revolving credit facility with interest equal to LIBOR plus 0.70%
                     (U.S. $50; U.S. $50 at December 31, 2021), unsecured                                              67                    67                64                     64
                  Non-revolving credit facility with interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR
                     (U.S. $500; U.S. $0 at December 31, 2021), unsecured                                             675                   675                  –                        –
              Total short-term                                                                                        877                   877               186                   186
              Capital:
              Long-term
                   Lifeco
                        6.74% Debentures due November 24, 2031, unsecured                                             196                   223               195                   270
                        6.67% Debentures due March 21, 2033, unsecured                                                395                   447               394                   549
                        5.998% Debentures due November 16, 2039, unsecured                                            343                   372               342                   478
                        4.70% Senior bonds due November 16, 2029, unsecured, (€500)                                   721                   744                 –                     –
                        3.337% Debentures due February 28, 2028, unsecured                                            498                   467               498                   533
                        2.981% Debentures due July 8, 2050, unsecured                                                 494                   342               493                   479
                        2.50% Senior bonds due April 18, 2023, unsecured, (€500) 1                                    725                   724               720                   743
                        2.379% Debentures due May 14, 2030, unsecured                                                 597                   507               597                   602
                        1.75% Senior bonds due December 7, 2026, unsecured, (€500) 1                                  722                   665               717                   768
                                                                                                                    4,691                 4,491             3,956                 4,422
                    Canada Life
                        6.40% Subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028, unsecured                                100                   108               100                   125




                                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                    Canada Life Capital Trust (CLCT)
                        7.529% due June 30, 2052, unsecured, face value $150                                          157                   177               157                   215


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
                    Great-West Lifeco Finance 2018, LP
                        4.581% Senior notes due May 17, 2048, unsecured, (U.S. $500)                                  669                   555               629                   820
                        4.047% Senior notes due May 17, 2028, unsecured, (U.S. $300)                                  403                   380               379                   431
                                                                                                                    1,072                   935             1,008                 1,251
                    Great-West Lifeco Finance (Delaware) LP
                        4.15% Senior notes due June 3, 2047, unsecured, (U.S. $700)                                   930                   729               874                 1,057
                    Great-West Lifeco U.S. Finance 2020, LP
                        0.904% Senior notes due August 12, 2025, unsecured, (U.S. $500)                               672                   600               632                   617
                    Empower Finance 2020, LP
                        3.075% Senior notes due September 17, 2051, unsecured, (U.S. $700)                            935                   588               879                   899
                        1.776% Senior notes due March 17, 2031, unsecured, (U.S. $400)                                537                   406               506                   490
                        1.357% Senior notes due September 17, 2027, unsecured, (U.S. $400)                            538                   451               506                   493
                                                                                                                    2,010                 1,445             1,891                 1,882
              Total long-term                                                                                       9,632                 8,485             8,618                 9,569
              Total                                                                                          $    10,509         $        9,362      $      8,804        $        9,755

              1   Designated as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.

              On March 30, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, established a 2-year U.S. $500 non-revolving credit facility with
              interest on the drawn balance equal to a floating rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR. The facility is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by
              the Company. On April 1, 2022, the U.S. $500 facility was fully drawn, along with U.S. $323 from an existing revolving credit facility, to finance a
              portion of the Prudential acquisition (note 3). The existing revolving credit facility incurs interest on the drawn balance equal to a floating rate
              based on Adjusted Term SOFR. On July 1, 2022, Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC made a payment of U.S. $150 on its existing revolving credit facility,
              followed by a final payment of U.S. $173 on December 30, 2022. As at December 31, 2022, the $675 (U.S. $500) facility was fully drawn, along with
              nil from the existing revolving credit facility.
              On November 16, 2022, the Company issued €500 aggregate principal amount 4.70% senior bonds at par, maturing on November 16, 2029, which
              had a carrying value of $721 at December 31, 2022. The bonds are admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and are listed for trading on the
              Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.




                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report       171




                                                            P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 155




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 155                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               15. Debentures and Other Debt Instruments (cont’d)

                               Capital Trust Securities
                               CLCT, a trust established by Canada Life, had issued $150 of Canada Life Capital Securities - Series B (CLiCS - Series B), the proceeds of which
                               were used by CLCT to purchase Canada Life senior debentures in the amount of $150.
                               Distributions and interest on the capital trust securities are classified as financing charges in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (note 16).
                               The fair value for capital trust securities is determined by the bid-ask price. Refer to note 8 for financial instrument risk management disclosures.
                               Subject to regulatory approval, CLCT may redeem the CLiCS - Series B, in whole or in part, at any time.

                               16. Financing Charges
                               Financing charges consist of the following:
                                                                                                                                                                2022            2021

                               Operating charges:
                                   Interest on operating lines and short-term debt instruments                                                              $          24   $          7
                               Financial charges:
                                   Interest on long-term debentures and other debt instruments                                                                     280             275
                                   Interest on limited recourse capital notes                                                                                       54              20
                                   Interest on capital trust securities                                                                                             11              11
                                   Other                                                                                                                            29              15
                                                                                                                                                                   374             321
                               Total                                                                                                                        $      398      $      328


                               17. Other Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                2022            2021




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Pension and other post-employment benefits (note 23)                                                                         $       563     $       989
                               Lease liabilities                                                                                                                    507             522
                               Bank overdraft                                                                                                                       274             407

 PART B
                               Deferred income reserves                                                                                                             293             314
                               Other                                                                                                                              7,157           3,831
                               Total                                                                                                                        $     8,794     $     6,063




                               172     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                        B 156                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 156                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              Total other liabilities of $6,636 ($4,238 at December 31, 2021) are expected to be realized within 12 months from the reporting date. This amount
              excludes deferred income reserves, the changes in which are noted below.

              Deferred income reserves                                                                                                          2022                2021

              Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                  $         314         $       345
              Additions                                                                                                                              63                  70
              Amortization                                                                                                                          (63)                (71)
              Changes in foreign exchange                                                                                                            (7)                (14)
              Disposals                                                                                                                             (14)                (16)
              Balance, end of year                                                                                                        $         293         $       314


                                                                                                                                                2022
              Lease liabilities                                                                                           Property         Equipment                Total

              Balance, beginning of year                                                                              $         517       $             5       $       522
              Additions                                                                                                          40                     2                42
              Modifications                                                                                                      (2)                    –                (2)
              Lease payments                                                                                                    (86)                   (3)              (89)
              Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                  15                     –                15
              Interest                                                                                                           19                     –                19
              Balance, end of year                                                                                    $         503       $               4     $       507



                                                                                                                                                2021
                                                                                                                          Property            Equipment             Total

              Balance, beginning of year                                                                              $         565       $             3       $       568




                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Additions                                                                                                          21                     5                26
              Modifications                                                                                                      (2)                    –                (2)
              Lease payments                                                                                                    (86)                   (3)              (89)

                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
              Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                  (2)                    –                (2)
              Interest                                                                                                           21                     –                21
              Balance, end of year                                                                                    $         517       $               5     $       522



              The following table presents the contractual undiscounted cash flows for lease obligations:


                                                                                                                                                2022                2021

              One year or less                                                                                                            $          79         $        83
              Over one year to two years                                                                                                             72                  71
              Over two years to three years                                                                                                          62                  63
              Over three years to four years                                                                                                         56                  55
              Over four years to five years                                                                                                          55                  52
              Over five years                                                                                                                       310                 340
              Total undiscounted lease obligations                                                                                        $         634         $       664




                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report        173




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B 1 57




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 157                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               18. Non-Controlling Interests
                               The Company has a controlling equity interest in Canada Life, Empower, and Putnam at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.
                               Non-controlling interests attributable to participating account surplus is the proportion of the equity attributable to the participating account of
                               the Company’s subsidiaries.
                               Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries also include non-controlling interests for the issued and outstanding shares of Putnam and PanAgora
                               held by employees of the respective companies, and non-controlling interests through Irish Life’s controlling interest in Invesco Ltd. (Ireland) as
                               well as through a Canada Life subsidiary’s controlling interest in certain Canadian advisor businesses.


                               (a) The non-controlling interests recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
                                   other comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                           2022           2021

                                      Net earnings attributable to participating account before policyholder dividends
                                           Canada Life                                                                                                                 $     1,809    $     1,708
                                           Empower                                                                                                                               –              –
                                                                                                                                                                             1,809          1,708
                                      Policyholder dividends
                                            Canada Life                                                                                                                     (1,625)        (1,405)
                                            Empower                                                                                                                             (2)            (1)
                                                                                                                                                                            (1,627)        (1,406)
                                      Net earnings – participating account                                                                                                    182            302
                                      Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                 3             (1)
                                      Total                                                                                                                            $      185     $      301




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      The non-controlling interests recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $(157) ($(28) for


 PART B
                                      the year ended December 31, 2021).


                               (b) The carrying value of non-controlling interests consists of the following:

                                                                                                                                                                           2022           2021

                                      Participating account surplus in subsidiaries:
                                           Canada Life                                                                                                                 $     3,147    $     3,126
                                           Empower                                                                                                                               9             12
                                      Total                                                                                                                            $     3,156    $     3,138

                                      Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                        $      152     $      129




                               174   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 158                                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 158                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              19. Share Capital

              (a) Limited Recourse Capital Notes
                                                                                                                                   2022                                       2021
                                                                                         Earliest       Interest       Carrying                 Fair              Carrying                 Fair
                     Limited recourse capital notes                                  redemption date      rate          value                  value               value                  value

                     Series 1                                                       November 30, 2026      3.60%   $       1,500          $       1,125       $       1,500          $       1,475


                     On August 16, 2021, the Company issued $1,500 aggregate principal amount 3.60% Limited Recourse Capital Notes Series 1 (Subordinated
                     Indebtedness) at par, maturing on December 31, 2081 (LRCN Series 1). The LRCN Series 1 bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.60% per annum
                     payable semi-annually, up to but excluding December 31, 2026. On December 31, 2026 and every five years thereafter until December 31,
                     2076, the interest rate on the LRCN Series 1 will be reset at an interest rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada Yield, plus 2.641%.
                     Commencing November 30, 2026, the Company will have the option to redeem the LRCN Series 1 every five years during the period from
                     November 30 to December 31, in whole or in part at par, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest.
                     Non-payment of interest or principal when due on the LRCN Series 1 will result in a recourse event, with the noteholders’ sole remedy
                     being receipt of their proportionate share of Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares, Series U (Series U Preferred Shares)
                     held in a newly formed consolidated trust (Limited Recourse Trust). All claims of the holders of LRCN Series 1 against the Company will be
                     extinguished upon receipt of the corresponding trust assets. The Series U Preferred Shares are eliminated on the Company’s Consolidated
                     Balance Sheets while being held within the Limited Recourse Trust.


              (b) Preferred Shares
                     Authorized
                             Unlimited First Preferred Shares, Class A Preferred Shares and Second Preferred Shares
                             Unlimited Common Shares




                                                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     Issued and outstanding and fully paid



                                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
                                                                                                                                   2022                                       2021
                                                                                                                                              Carrying                                   Carrying
                                                                                                                       Number                  value              Number                  value

                     First Preferred Shares
                               Series G, 5.20% Non-Cumulative                                                       12,000,000            $         300       12,000,000             $         300
                               Series H, 4.85% Non-Cumulative                                                       12,000,000                      300       12,000,000                       300
                               Series I, 4.50% Non-Cumulative                                                       12,000,000                      300       12,000,000                       300
                               Series L, 5.65% Non-Cumulative                                                        6,800,000                      170        6,800,000                       170
                               Series M, 5.80% Non-Cumulative                                                        6,000,000                      150        6,000,000                       150
                               Series N, 1.749% Non-Cumulative Rate Reset                                           10,000,000                      250       10,000,000                       250
                               Series P, 5.40% Non-Cumulative                                                       10,000,000                      250       10,000,000                       250
                               Series Q, 5.15% Non-Cumulative                                                        8,000,000                      200        8,000,000                       200
                               Series R, 4.80% Non-Cumulative                                                        8,000,000                      200        8,000,000                       200
                               Series S, 5.25% Non-Cumulative                                                        8,000,000                      200        8,000,000                       200
                               Series T, 5.15% Non-Cumulative                                                        8,000,000                      200        8,000,000                       200
                               Series Y, 4.50% Non-Cumulative                                                        8,000,000                      200        8,000,000                       200
                     Total                                                                                         108,800,000            $       2,720      108,800,000             $       2,720
                     Common shares
                        Balance, beginning of year                                                                 930,620,338            $       5,748      927,853,106             $       5,651
                            Exercised and issued under stock option plan                                             1,232,772                       43        2,767,232                        97
                          Balance, end of year                                                                     931,853,110            $       5,791      930,620,338             $       5,748


                     The Series G, 5.20% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                     together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                     The Series H, 4.85% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                     together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                     The Series I, 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                     together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.



                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report           175




                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           B 159




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 159                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               19. Share Capital (cont’d)
                                      The Series L, 5.65% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                                      together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                      The Series M, 5.80% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                                      together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                      The Series N, Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares carry an annual fixed non-cumulative dividend rate of 1.749% up
                                      to but excluding December 31, 2025 and are redeemable at the option of the Company on December 31, 2025 and on December 31 every
                                      five years thereafter for $25.00 per share plus all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption. Subject to
                                      the Company’s right of redemption and certain other restrictions on conversion described in the Series N share conditions, each Series N
                                      share is convertible into one Series O, Non-Cumulative Floating Rate First Preferred Share at the option of the holders on December 31,
                                      2025 and on December 31 every five years thereafter.
                                      The Series P, 5.40% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                                      together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                      The Series Q, 5.15% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                                      together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                      The Series R, 4.80% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                                      together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                      The Series S, 5.25% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share plus a
                                      premium if redeemed prior to June 30, 2023, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                      The Series T, 5.15% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after June 30, 2022 for
                                      $25.00 per share plus a premium if redeemed prior to June 30, 2026, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding
                                      the date of redemption.
                                      The Series Y, 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after December 31, 2026
                                      for $25.00 per share plus a premium if redeemed prior to December 31, 2030, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but
                                      excluding the date of redemption.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               (c)    Common Shares

 PART B
                                      Normal Course Issuer Bid
                                      The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 27, 2022 for one year to purchase and cancel up to 20,000,000
                                      of its common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the Company’s Stock Option
                                      Plan and for other capital management purposes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not purchase any common
                                      shares under the NCIB (nil for the year ended December 31, 2021, under the previous NCIB).

                                      Subsequent Event
                                      On January 25, 2023, the Company announced a new NCIB commencing January 27, 2023 and terminating January 26, 2024 to purchase
                                      for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices.

                               20. Earnings Per Common Share
                               The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:


                                                                                                                                                                 2022              2021

                               Earnings
                               Net earnings                                                                                                              $         3,349 $           3,262
                               Preferred share dividends                                                                                                            (130)             (134)
                               Net earnings – common shareholders                                                                                        $         3,219   $         3,128

                               Number of common shares
                               Average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                   931,682,589       929,461,348
                               Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                                                              598,494         1,496,586
                               Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                                   932,281,083       930,957,934

                               Basic earnings per common share                                                                                           $         3.455   $         3.365

                               Diluted earnings per common share                                                                                         $         3.452   $         3.360

                               Dividends per common share                                                                                                $         1.960   $         1.804



                               176   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 160                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 160                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              21. Capital Management

              (a) Policies and Objectives
                     Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for the Company
                     and ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders. For these purposes, the
                     Board considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of subordinated liabilities in addition
                     to the relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries operate.
                     The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary
                     objectives of the Company’s capital management strategy are:
                     • to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum regulatory capital
                       requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                     • to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                     • to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders’ value in the context of the Company’s operational risks and
                       strategic plans.
                     The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability of
                     falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by various credit
                     rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to hold sufficient capital to be able to
                     honour all policyholder and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of confidence.
                     The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is
                     responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan.
                     The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved by the Company’s
                     Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all capital transactions undertaken by management.


              (b) Regulatory Capital




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the
                     Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.


                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
                     The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital,
                     defined by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of Available
                     Capital, Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits.
                     The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:


                                                                                                                                              2022               2021

                     Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                       $    13,201        $    12,584
                     Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                             4,644              4,417
                     Total Available Capital                                                                                                   17,845             17,001
                     Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                     10,531             13,225
                     Total Capital Resources                                                                                              $    28,376        $    30,226

                     Required Capital                                                                                                     $    23,582        $    24,323

                     Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)                 1
                                                                                                                                                120%                  124%

                     1 Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

                     For entities based in Europe, the local solvency capital regime is the Solvency II basis. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, all
                     European regulated entities met the capital and solvency requirements as prescribed under Solvency II.
                     Empower is subject to the risk-based capital regulatory regime in the U.S. Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of the
                     Company are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements in their respective jurisdictions. At December 31, 2022
                     and December 31, 2021, the Company maintained capital levels above the minimum local regulatory requirements in each of its
                     foreign operations.




                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     177




                                                           P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                 B 161




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 161                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               22. Share-Based Payments
                               (a) The Company has a stock option plan (the Plan) pursuant to which options to subscribe for common shares of Lifeco may be granted to
                                      certain officers and employees of Lifeco and its affiliates. The Company’s Human Resources Committee (the Committee) administers the
                                      Plan and, subject to the specific provisions of the Plan, fixes the terms and conditions upon which options are granted. The exercise price
                                      of each option granted under the Plan is fixed by the Committee, but cannot under any circumstances be less than the weighted average
                                      trading price per Lifeco common share on the Toronto Stock Exchange for the five trading days preceding the date of the grant. Options
                                      granted prior to January 1, 2019 vest over a period of five years. Options granted on or after January 1, 2019 vest 50% three years after the
                                      grant date and 50% four years after the grant date. Options have a maximum exercise period of ten years from the grant date. Termination
                                      of employment may, in certain circumstances, result in forfeiture of the options, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. In 2022,
                                      the maximum number of Lifeco common shares issuable under the Plan was 72,500,000.
                                      During 2022, 2,369,100 common share options were granted (2,638,300 during 2021). The weighted average fair value of common share
                                      options granted during 2022 was $3.57 per option ($2.60 in 2021). The fair value of each common share option was estimated using the
                                      Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions used for those options granted in 2022: dividend
                                      yield 5.07% (5.43% in 2021), expected volatility 18.15% (18.47% in 2021), risk-free interest rate 1.60% (1.18% in 2021), and expected life of
                                      eight years (eight in 2021).
                                      The following summarizes the changes in options outstanding and the weighted average exercise price:

                                                                                                                                          2022                                       2021
                                                                                                                                                    Weighted                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                                                    average                                   average
                                                                                                                                Options           exercise price           Options          exercise price

                                      Outstanding, beginning of year                                                           16,123,727         $      32.92       16,399,279             $      32.69
                                          Granted                                                                               2,369,100                38.68        2,638,300                    32.28
                                          Exercised                                                                            (1,232,772)               31.24       (2,767,232)                   30.90
                                          Forfeited/expired                                                                      (166,440)               34.41         (146,620)                   33.39
                                      Outstanding, end of year                                                                 17,093,615         $      33.82       16,123,727             $      32.92




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Options exercisable at end of year                                                        8,950,405         $      33.73         8,522,967            $      33.78



 PART B
                                      The weighted average share price at the date of exercise of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $39.35 ($36.11 in 2021).
                                      Compensation expense due to the Plan transactions accounted for as equity-settled share-based payments of $6 after-tax in 2022 ($5 after-
                                      tax in 2021) has been recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                      The following summarizes information on the ranges of exercise prices including weighted average remaining contractual life at
                                      December 31, 2022:

                                                                                                             Outstanding                                     Exercisable
                                                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                                               average             Weighted                                  Weighted
                                                                                                              remaining            average                                   average
                                      Exercise price ranges                                  Options        contractual life     exercise price        Options             exercise price          Expiry

                                      $27.13 - $36.87                                         777,980             0.30              30.15               777,980               30.15                2023
                                      $30.28 - $36.87                                       1,166,380             1.32              32.53             1,166,380               32.53                2024
                                      $34.68 - $36.87                                       1,453,683             2.19              35.67             1,453,683               35.67                2025
                                      $30.28 - $36.87                                       1,888,352             3.19              34.50             1,888,352               34.50                2026
                                      $30.28 - $36.87                                       1,255,300             4.19              36.41             1,255,300               36.41                2027
                                      $30.28 - $34.21                                       1,551,020             5.16              34.19             1,237,010               34.20                2028
                                      $30.28 - $32.50                                       2,345,500             6.16              30.33             1,171,700               30.33                2029
                                      $32.22 - $32.22                                       1,782,800             7.16              32.22                     –                   –                2030
                                      $32.10 - $38.75                                       2,503,500             8.16              32.28                     –                   –                2031
                                      $31.59 - $38.71                                       2,369,100             9.16              38.68                     –                   –                2032




                               178   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 162                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 162                                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (b) To promote greater alignment of interests between the Directors and Lifeco’s shareholders, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries
                     have mandatory DSU Plans and/or voluntary DSU Plans (the “Mandatory DSU Plans” and the “Voluntary DSU Plans” respectively) in
                     which the Directors of the Company participate. Under the Mandatory DSU Plans, each Director who is a resident of Canada or the United
                     States must receive 50% of their annual Board retainer in the form of Deferred Share Units (DSUs). Under the Voluntary DSU Plans, each
                     Director may elect to receive the balance of their annual Board retainer and Board Committee fees entirely in the form of DSUs, entirely
                     in cash, or equally in cash and DSUs. In both cases, the number of DSUs granted is determined by dividing the amount of remuneration
                     payable to the Director by the weighted average trading price per Lifeco common share on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) for the last
                     five trading days of the preceding fiscal quarter. Directors receive additional DSUs for dividends payable on the Company’s common
                     shares based on the value of a DSU at the dividend payment date. DSUs are redeemable when an individual ceases to be a Director, or
                     as applicable, an officer or employee of the Company or any of its affiliates by a lump sum cash payment, based on the weighted average
                     trading price per Lifeco common share on the TSX for the last five trading days preceding the date of redemption. In 2022, $6 in Directors’
                     fees were used to acquire DSUs ($6 in 2021). At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the DSU liability is $66 ($69 in 2021) recorded
                     within other liabilities.
                     Certain employees of the Company are entitled to receive DSUs. Under these DSU Plans, certain employees may elect to receive DSUs as
                     settlement of their annual incentive plan or as settlement of PSUs issued under the Company’s PSU Plan. In both cases these employees
                     are granted DSUs equivalent to the Company’s common shares. Employees receive additional DSUs in respect of dividends payable on the
                     common shares based on the value of the DSUs at the time. DSUs are redeemable when an individual ceases to be an officer or employee
                     of the Company or any of its affiliates, by a lump sum cash payment representing the value of the DSUs at that date. The Company uses
                     the fair-value based method to account for the DSUs granted to employees under the plans. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the
                     Company recognized compensation expense of $2 ($16 in 2021) for the DSU Plans recorded in operating and administrative expenses in
                     the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the DSU liability is $40 ($40 in 2021) recorded within
                     other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
              (c)    Certain employees of the Company are entitled to receive PSUs. Under the PSU Plan, these employees are granted PSUs equivalent to the
                     Company’s common shares vesting over a three-year period. Employees receive additional PSUs in respect of dividends payable on the
                     common shares based on the value of a PSU at that time. At the maturity date, employees receive cash representing the value of the PSU at
                     this date. The Company uses the fair-value based method to account for the PSUs granted to employees under the plan. For the year ended
                     December 31, 2022, the Company recognized compensation expense, excluding the impact of hedging, of $74 ($102 in 2021) for the PSU




                                                                                                                                                                             GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     Plan recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. At December 31, 2022, the carrying
                     value of the PSU liability is $131 ($156 in 2021) recorded within other liabilities.


                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B
              (d) The Company’s Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) is a voluntary plan where eligible employees can contribute up to 5% of their
                     previous year’s eligible earnings to purchase common shares of Lifeco. The Company matches 50% of the total employee contributions.
                     The contributions from the Company vest immediately and are expensed. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized
                     compensation expense of $13 ($13 in 2021) for the ESOP recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements
                     of Earnings.
              (e) Putnam sponsors the Putnam Investments, LLC Equity Incentive Plan. Under the terms of the Equity Incentive Plan, Putnam is authorized
                     to grant or sell Class B Shares of Putnam (the Putnam Class B Shares), subject to certain restrictions, and to grant options to purchase
                     Putnam Class B Shares (collectively, the Awards) to certain senior management and key employees of Putnam at fair value at the time of
                     the award. Fair value is determined under the valuation methodology outlined in the Equity Incentive Plan. Awards vest over a period of
                     up to five years and are specified in the individual’s award letter. Holders of Putnam Class B Shares are not entitled to vote other than in
                     respect of certain matters in regards to the Equity Incentive Plan and have no rights to convert their shares into any other securities. The
                     number of Putnam Class B Shares that may be subject to Awards under the Equity Incentive Plan is limited to 16,764,705.
                     During 2022, Putnam granted 3,519,634 (2,824,156 in 2021) restricted Class B common shares to certain members of senior management
                     and key employees.
                     Compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to restricted Class B common shares and Class B stock
                     options earned was $49 ($41 in 2021) and is recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
              (f)    Certain employees of PanAgora, a subsidiary of Putnam, are eligible to participate in the PanAgora Management Equity Plan under which
                     Class C Shares of PanAgora and options and stock appreciation rights on Class C Shares of PanAgora may be issued. Holders of PanAgora
                     Class C Shares are not entitled to vote and have no rights to convert their shares into any other securities. The number of PanAgora Class
                     C Shares may not exceed 20% of the equity of PanAgora on a fully exercised and converted basis.
                     Compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to restricted Class C Shares and stock appreciation rights
                     was $13 in 2022 ($13 in 2021) and is included as a component of operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements
                     of Earnings.




                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   179




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                          B 163




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 163                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               23. Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits
                               Characteristics, Funding and Risk
                               The Company’s subsidiaries maintain contributory and non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors. The
                               Company’s subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.
                               The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average pay; however, these plans are closed to new
                               entrants. Many of the defined benefit pension plans also no longer provide future defined benefit accruals. The Company’s defined benefit plan
                               exposure is expected to reduce in future years. Where defined benefit pension accruals continue, active plan participants share in the cost by
                               making contributions in respect of current service. Certain pension payments are indexed either on an ad hoc basis or a guaranteed basis. The
                               determination of the defined benefit obligation reflects pension benefits in accordance with the terms of the plans. Assets supporting the funded
                               pension plans are held in separate trusteed pension funds. Obligations for the wholly unfunded plans are included in other liabilities and are
                               supported by general assets.
                               New hires and active plan participants in defined benefit plans closed to future defined benefit accruals are eligible for defined contribution
                               pension benefits. The defined contribution pension plans provide pension benefits based on accumulated employee and employer contributions.
                               Employer contributions to these plans are a set percentage of employees’ annual income and may be subject to certain vesting requirements.
                               The Company’s subsidiaries also provide post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their
                               dependents. Retirees share in the cost of benefits through deductibles, co-insurance and caps on benefits. These plans are closed to new hires
                               and were previously amended to limit which employees could become eligible to receive benefits. The amount of some of the post-employment
                               benefits other than pensions depends on future cost escalation. These post-employment benefits are not pre-funded and the amount of the
                               obligation for these benefits is included in other liabilities and is supported by general assets.
                               The Company’s subsidiaries have pension and benefit committees or a trusteed arrangement that provides oversight for the benefit plans. The
                               benefit plans are monitored on an ongoing basis to assess the benefit, funding and investment policies, financial status, and funding requirements.
                               Significant changes to a subsidiary company’s benefit plans require approval from that company’s Board of Directors.
                               The funding policies of the Company’s subsidiaries for the funded pension plans require annual contributions equal to or greater than those
                               required by the applicable regulations and plan provisions that govern the funding of the plans. Where funded plans have a net defined benefit
                               pension plan asset, the Company determines if an economic benefit exists in the form of potential reductions in future contributions by the




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Company, from the payment of expenses from the plan and in the form of surplus refunds, where permitted by applicable regulation and
                               plan provisions.


 PART B
                               By their design, the defined benefit plans expose the Company to the typical risks faced by defined benefit plans such as investment performance,
                               changes to the discount rates used to value the obligations, longevity of plan members, and future inflation. Pension and benefit risk is managed
                               by regular monitoring of the plans, applicable regulations and other factors that could impact the expenses and cash flows of the Company.




                               180   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 164                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 164                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              The following reflects the financial position of the contributory and non-contributory defined benefit plans of the Company’s subsidiaries:


              (a) Plan Assets, Benefit Obligation and Funded Status
                                                                                                       Defined benefit pension plans        Other post-employment benefits
                                                                                                          2022                 2021              2022                2021

                     Change in fair value of plan assets
                     Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year                                     $      7,743       $       7,602       $            –      $            –
                     Interest income                                                                           193                 159                    –                   –
                     Actual return over (less than) interest income                                         (1,420)                498                    –                   –
                     Employer contributions                                                                    109                 115                   18                  19
                     Employee contributions                                                                     21                  18                    –                   –
                     Benefits paid                                                                            (324)               (306)                 (18)                (19)
                     Settlements                                                                               (10)               (142)                   –                   –
                     Administrative expenses                                                                    (8)                 (8)                   –                   –
                     Foreign exchange rate changes                                                             (13)               (193)                   –                   –
                     Fair value of plan assets, end of year                                           $      6,291       $       7,743       $           –       $           –


                     Change in defined benefit obligation
                     Defined benefit obligation, beginning of year                                    $      7,961       $       8,554       $       367         $       409
                     Current service cost                                                                       72                  91                 3                   3
                     Interest cost                                                                             197                 181                11                  10
                     Employee contributions                                                                     21                  18                 –                   –
                     Benefits paid                                                                            (324)               (306)              (18)                (19)
                     Curtailments and termination benefits                                                      (2)                 (1)                –                   –
                     Settlements                                                                               (10)               (200)                –                   –
                     Actuarial loss (gain) on financial assumption changes                                  (2,074)               (150)              (60)                (25)




                                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     Actuarial loss (gain) on demographic assumption changes                                    (1)                (16)              (33)                (10)
                     Actuarial loss (gain) arising from member experience                                        8                 (16)              (16)                 (1)
                     Foreign exchange rate changes                                                             (23)               (194)                2                   –

                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
                     Defined benefit obligation, end of year                                          $      5,825       $       7,961       $       256         $       367


                     Asset (liability) recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets
                     Funded status of plans – surplus (deficit)                                       $        466       $        (218)      $       (256)       $       (367)
                     Unrecognized amount due to asset ceiling                                                 (310)                (41)                 –                   –
                     Asset (liability) recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets                  $        156       $        (259)      $       (256)       $       (367)


                     Recorded in:
                     Other assets (note 12)                                                           $        463       $         363       $          –        $          –
                     Other liabilities (note 17)                                                              (307)               (622)              (256)               (367)
                     Asset (liability) recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets                  $        156       $        (259)      $       (256)       $       (367)
                     Analysis of defined benefit obligation
                     Wholly or partly funded plans                                                    $      5,586       $       7,646       $           –       $           –
                     Wholly unfunded plans                                                            $        239       $         315       $       256         $       367




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report      181




                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B 165




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 165                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               23. Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits (cont’d)
                                      Under IFRIC 14, The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements and their Interaction, the Company must assess
                                      whether each pension plan’s asset has economic benefit to the Company through future contribution reductions, from the payment of
                                      expenses from the plan, or surplus refunds; in the event the Company is not entitled to a benefit, a limit or ‘asset ceiling’ is required on the
                                      balance. The following provides a breakdown of the changes in the asset ceiling:

                                                                                                                                                                         Defined benefit pension plans
                                                                                                                                                                           2022               2021

                                      Change in asset ceiling
                                      Asset ceiling, beginning of year                                                                                               $          41        $          29
                                      Interest on asset ceiling                                                                                                                  1                    1
                                      Change in asset ceiling                                                                                                                  251                   11
                                      Foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                             17                    –
                                      Asset ceiling, end of year                                                                                                     $         310        $          41




                               (b) Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefits Expense
                                      The total pension and other post-employment benefit expense included in operating expenses and other comprehensive income are
                                      as follows:

                                                                                                                                    All pension plans               Other post-employment benefits
                                                                                                                                  2022                2021                 2022               2021

                                      Defined benefit current service cost                                                    $         93       $           109     $             3      $           3
                                      Defined contribution current service cost                                                        184                   184                   –                  –




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Employee contributions                                                                           (21)                  (18)                  –                  –
                                      Employer current service cost                                                                    256                   275                   3                  3
                                      Administrative expense                                                                             8                     8                   –                  –

 PART B
                                      Curtailments                                                                                      (2)                   (1)                  –                  –
                                      Settlements                                                                                        –                   (58)                  –                  –
                                      Net interest cost                                                                                  5                    23                  11                 10
                                      Expense – profit or loss                                                                         267                   247                  14                 13


                                      Actuarial (gain) loss recognized                                                              (2,067)              (182)                 (109)                 (36)
                                      Return on assets (greater) less than assumed                                                   1,420               (498)                    –                    –
                                      Change in the asset ceiling                                                                      251                 11                     –                    –
                                      Re-measurements – other comprehensive (income) loss                                             (396)              (669)                 (109)                 (36)
                                      Total expense (income) including re-measurements                                        $       (129)      $       (422)       $            (95)    $          (23)




                               (c)    Asset Allocation by Major Category Weighted by Plan Assets
                                                                                                                                                                         Defined benefit pension plans
                                                                                                                                                                           2022               2021

                                      Equity securities                                                                                                                       36%                39%
                                      Debt securities                                                                                                                         52%                51%
                                      Real estate                                                                                                                              8%                 7%
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                4%                 3%
                                      Total                                                                                                                                  100%               100%


                                      No plan assets are directly invested in the Company’s or related parties’ securities. Plan assets include investments in segregated funds
                                      and other funds managed by subsidiaries of the Company of $5,614 at December 31, 2022 and $6,980 at December 31, 2021, of which
                                      $5,520 ($6,902 at December 31, 2021) are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Plan assets do not include any property occupied
                                      or other assets used by the Company.



                               182   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 166                                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 166                                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (d) Details of Defined Benefit Obligation
                     (i)     Portion of Defined Benefit Obligation Subject to Future Salary Increases

                                                                                                        Defined benefit pension plans        Other post-employment benefits
                                                                                                              2022              2021               2022                2021

                             Benefit obligation without future salary increases                         $       5,393     $       7,361       $        256       $            367
                             Effect of assumed future salary increases                                            432               600                  –                      –
                             Defined benefit obligation                                                 $       5,825     $       7,961       $        256       $            367


                             The other post-employment benefits are not subject to future salary increases.
                     (ii)    Portion of Defined Benefit Obligation Without Future Pension Increases

                                                                                                        Defined benefit pension plans        Other post-employment benefits
                                                                                                              2022              2021               2022                2021

                             Benefit obligation without future pension increases                        $       5,151     $       7,137       $        256       $            367
                             Effect of assumed future pension increases                                           674               824                  –                      –
                             Defined benefit obligation                                                 $       5,825     $       7,961       $        256       $            367


                             The other post-employment benefits are not subject to future pension increases.
                     (iii)   Maturity Profile of Plan Membership

                                                                                                        Defined benefit pension plans        Other post-employment benefits
                                                                                                              2022              2021               2022                2021

                             Actives                                                                             37%               41%                14%                 15%




                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                             Deferred vesteds                                                                    16%               18%                 n/a                 n/a
                             Retirees                                                                            47%               41%                86%                 85%


                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
                             Total                                                                              100%              100%               100%                 100%
                             Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation                        14.5 years        17.6 years          9.9 years          11.8 years




              (e) Cash Flow Information

                                                                                                                                              Other post-
                                                                                                                               Pension        employment
                                                                                                                                plans           benefits              Total

                     Expected employer contributions for 2023:
                     Funded (wholly or partly) defined benefit plans                                                      $          62       $            –     $             62
                     Unfunded plans                                                                                                  25                   19                   44
                     Defined contribution plans                                                                                     209                    –                  209
                     Total                                                                                                $         296       $           19     $            315




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report       183




                                                     P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             B 1 67




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 167                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               23. Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits (cont’d)

                               (f)    Actuarial Assumptions and Sensitivities
                                      (i)      Actuarial Assumptions
                                                                                                                                                Defined benefit pension plans          Other post-employment benefits
                                                                                                                                                    2022                 2021               2022                 2021

                                               To determine benefit cost:
                                               Discount rate – past service liabilities                                                                2.6%                2.2%               3.1%                 2.5%
                                               Discount rate – future service liabilities                                                              3.3%                2.8%               3.0%                 2.6%
                                               Rate of compensation increase                                                                           3.1%                3.0%                  –                    –
                                               Future pension increases 1                                                                              1.7%                1.2%                  –                    –

                                               To determine defined benefit obligation:
                                               Discount rate – past service liabilities                                                                5.0%                2.6%               5.3%                 3.1%
                                               Rate of compensation increase                                                                           3.8%                3.1%                  –                    –
                                               Future pension increases 1                                                                              2.3%                1.7%                  –                    –

                                               Medical cost trend rates:
                                               Initial medical cost trend rate                                                                                                                4.8%                 4.7%
                                               Ultimate medical cost trend rate                                                                                                               4.1%                 4.1%
                                               Year ultimate trend rate is reached                                                                                                            2039                 2039

                                               1 Represents the weighted average of plans subject to future pension increases.

                                      (ii)     Sample Life Expectancies Based on Mortality Assumptions
                                                                                                                                                Defined benefit pension plans          Other post-employment benefits
                                                                                                                                                    2022                 2021               2022                 2021

                                               Sample life expectancies based on mortality assumption:




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                               Male
                                                    Age 65 in fiscal year                                                                               22.8                22.6               22.8                 22.5
                                                    Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                                                          24.6                24.5               24.2                 24.0

 PART B
                                               Female
                                                    Age 65 in fiscal year                                                                               24.8                24.7               25.1                 24.9
                                                    Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                                                          26.7                26.6               26.5                 26.2


                                               The period of time over which benefits are assumed to be paid is based on best estimates of future mortality, including allowances
                                               for mortality improvements. This estimate is subject to considerable uncertainty, and judgment is required in establishing this
                                               assumption. As mortality assumptions are significant in measuring the defined benefit obligation, the mortality assumptions
                                               applied by the Company take into consideration such factors as age, gender and geographic location, in addition to an estimation
                                               of future improvements in longevity.
                                               The mortality tables are reviewed at least annually, and assumptions are in accordance with accepted actuarial practice. Emerging
                                               plan experience is reviewed and considered in establishing the best estimate for future mortality.
                                               The calculation of the defined benefit obligation is sensitive to the mortality assumptions. The effect of a one-year increase in life
                                               expectancy would be an increase in the defined benefit obligation of $164 for the defined benefit pension plans and $5 for other
                                               post-employment benefits.
                                      (iii)    Impact of Changes to Assumptions on Defined Benefit Obligation
                                                                                                                                                           1% increase                             1% decrease
                                                                                                                                                    2022                 2021               2022                 2021

                                               Defined benefit pension plans:
                                               Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                          $       (733)      $      (1,199)       $       926        $       1,568
                                               Impact of a change to the rate of compensation increase                                                   173                 299               (156)                (269)
                                               Impact of a change to the rate of inflation                                                               340                 578               (299)                (507)

                                               Other post-employment benefits:
                                               Impact of a change to assumed medical cost trend rates                                                       14                   24                (12)                 (21)
                                               Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                                     (22)                 (36)                25                   44


                                               To measure the impact of a change in an assumption, all other assumptions were held constant. It is expected that there would be
                                               interaction between at least some of the assumptions.




                               184   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 168                                                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 168                                                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              24. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                                                   2022
                                                 Unrealized           Unrealized
                                                   foreign           gains (losses)                                          Re-measurements
                                                  exchange             on hedges                                                on defined       Revaluation
                                                gains (losses)         of the net       Unrealized           Unrealized       benefit pension     surplus on
                                                on translation        investment       gains (losses)       gains (losses)    and other post-    transfer to
                                                  of foreign           in foreign      on available-        on cash flow       employment        investment                         Non-controlling
                                                 operations           operations      for-sale assets          hedges          benefit plans      properties              Total        interest     Shareholders

              Balance, beginning of year $                948        $       (30)      $       145           $       33        $     (463)        $       10          $      643       $    (11)        $     632
              Other comprehensive
                 income (loss)                            497                 88              (942)                 (45)              505                  –                 103            219               322
              Income tax                                    –                 28               179                   12              (130)                 –                  89            (62)               27
                                                          497               116               (763)                 (33)              375                  –                 192            157               349
              Balance, end of year             $        1,445        $        86       $      (618)          $        –        $       (88)       $       10          $      835       $    146         $     981

                                                                                                                                   2021
                                                    Unrealized        Unrealized
                                                      foreign        gains (losses)                                          Re-measurements
                                                     exchange          on hedges                                                on defined        Revaluation
                                                   gains (losses)      of the net        Unrealized          Unrealized       benefit pension      surplus on
                                                   on translation     investment        gains (losses)      gains (losses)    and other post-      transfer to
                                                     of foreign        in foreign       on available-       on cash flow       employment         investment                         Non-controlling
                                                    operations        operations       for-sale assets         hedges          benefit plans       properties             Total         interest       Shareholders

              Balance, beginning of year       $        1,339        $     (135)       $       266           $       24        $     (978)        $       10          $      526       $    (39)        $     487
              Other comprehensive
                 income (loss)                           (391)              117               (159)                  12               705                  –                 284             40               324
              Income tax                                    –               (12)                38                   (3)             (190)                 –                (167)           (12)             (179)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                         (391)              105               (121)                   9               515                  –                 117             28               145
              Balance, end of year             $          948        $       (30)      $       145           $       33        $     (463)        $       10          $      643       $    (11)        $     632

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B



              25. Related Party Transactions
              Power Corporation, which is incorporated and domiciled in Canada, is the Company’s parent and has voting control of the Company. The
              Company is related to other members of the Power Corporation group of companies including IGM, a company in the financial services sector
              along with its subsidiaries IG Wealth Management, Mackenzie Financial and Investment Planning Council, and Groupe Bruxelles Lambert, a
              holding company based in Europe with substantial holdings in global industrial and services companies.


              (a) Principal subsidiaries
                     The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the operations of the following subsidiaries and their subsidiaries:
                     Company                                                                                     Incorporated in                Primary business operation                             % Held
                     The Canada Life Assurance Company                                                           Canada                         Insurance and wealth management                        100.00%
                     Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America                                                United States                  Financial services                                     100.00%
                     Putnam Investments, LLC                                                                     United States                  Asset management                                       100.00% 1
                     1 Lifeco holds 100% of the voting shares and 96.39% of the total outstanding shares.




              (b) Transactions with related parties included in the consolidated financial statements
                     In the normal course of business, Canada Life and Putnam enter into various transactions with related companies which include
                     providing insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power Corporation group of companies. In all
                     cases, transactions were at market terms and conditions.
                     During the year, Canada Life provided to and received from IGM and its subsidiaries, a member of the Power Corporation group of
                     companies, certain administrative and information technology services. During 2021, Canada Life and IGM executed a termination
                     agreement covering the transition of shared information technology services from Canada Life to alternate providers over a number of
                     years. Canada Life also provided life insurance, annuity and disability insurance products under a distribution agreement with IGM. In
                     addition, Canada Life provided distribution services to IGM. All transactions were provided at market terms and conditions.

                                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     185




                                                           P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                          B 169




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 169                                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               25. Related Party Transactions (cont’d)
                                      The Company owns 9,200,448 shares, held through Canada Life, representing a 3.87% ownership interest in IGM. The Company uses the
                                      equity method to account for its investment in IGM as it exercises significant influence. In 2022, the Company recognized $30 for the
                                      equity method share of IGM net earnings and received dividends of $21 from its investment in IGM (note 6).
                                      Segregated funds of the Company were invested in funds managed by IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. Mackenzie
                                      Investments also manages certain of the Company’s portfolio investments. The Company also has interests in mutual funds, open-ended
                                      investment companies and unit trusts. Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of the Company, who are paid sub-advisory
                                      fees related to these services. During 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries made additional investments in funds managed by related
                                      parties. All transactions were provided at market terms and conditions (note 14).
                                      The Company held debentures issued by IGM; the interest rates and maturity dates are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                               2022            2021

                                      3.44%, matures January 26, 2027                                                                                      $          19   $          21
                                      6.65%, matures December 13, 2027                                                                                                14              16
                                      7.45%, matures May 9, 2031                                                                                                      11              13
                                      7.00%, matures December 31, 2032                                                                                                11              14
                                      4.56%, matures January 25, 2047                                                                                                 18              24
                                      4.115%, matures December 9, 2047                                                                                                 8              11
                                      4.174%, matures July 13, 2048                                                                                                    4               6
                                      Total                                                                                                                $          85   $      105


                                      Power Corporation also controls Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (Sagard), a multi-strategy alternative asset manager, Power Sustainable,
                                      a global multi-platform alternative asset manager, and Portage Ventures (Portage), a global fintech venture capital investment strategy.
                                      Lifeco has a minority investment in Sagard. Lifeco and Mackenzie Financial Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGM, are investors
                                      in Northleaf Capital Partners Ltd. (Northleaf ), a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager. The Company and




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      its subsidiaries invest in funds managed by Sagard, Power Sustainable, Portage and Northleaf.
                                      The Company provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to pension

 PART B
                                      and other post-employment benefits for employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. These transactions were provided at market
                                      terms and conditions.
                                      There were no material loans or guarantees issued to or from related parties during 2022 or 2021. There were no significant outstanding
                                      loans or guarantees with related parties at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. There were no provisions for uncollectible amounts
                                      with related parties at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021.


                               (c)    Key management compensation
                                      Key management personnel constitute those individuals that have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling
                                      the activities of Lifeco, directly or indirectly, including any Director. The individuals that comprise the key management personnel are the
                                      Board of Directors as well as certain key management and officers.
                                      The following describes all compensation paid to, awarded to, or earned by each of the key management personnel for services rendered
                                      in all capacities to the Company and its subsidiaries:


                                                                                                                                                               2022            2021

                                      Salary                                                                                                               $          20   $          19
                                      Share-based awards                                                                                                              19              17
                                      Option-based awards                                                                                                              7               6
                                      Annual non-equity incentive plan compensation                                                                                   29              24
                                      Pension value                                                                                                                    –              (1)
                                      Total                                                                                                                $          75   $          65




                               186   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 1 70                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 170                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              26. Income Taxes

              (a) Components of the income tax expense

                     (i)     Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings

                             Current income tax
                                                                                                                                                                               2022                 2021

                             Total current income tax                                                                                                                      $        421        $        148

                             Deferred income tax
                                                                                                                                                                               2022                 2021

                             Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                                             $       (232)       $        147
                             Effect of changes in tax rates or imposition of new income taxes                                                                                        24                  21
                             Tax expense (recovery) arising from unrecognized tax losses, tax credits or temporary differences                                                       21                 (12)
                             Total deferred income tax                                                                                                                     $       (187)       $        156

                             Total income tax expense                                                                                                                      $        234        $        304


                     (ii)    Income tax recognized in other comprehensive income (note 24)
                                                                                                                                                                               2022                 2021

                             Current income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                                         $       (157)       $        (38)
                             Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                                                  68                 205
                             Total                                                                                                                                         $          (89)     $        167




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     (iii)   Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B
                                                                                                                                                                               2022                 2021

                             Current income tax (recovery)                                                                                                                 $           (1)     $            (1)
                             Deferred income tax (recovery)                                                                                                                             7                   (6)
                             Total                                                                                                                                         $            6      $            (7)




              (b) The effective income tax rate reported in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings varies
                  from the combined Canadian federal and provincial income tax rate of 27.50%1 for the
                  following items:

                                                                                                                                                    2022                                     2021

                     Earnings before income taxes                                                                                 $      3,768                             $     3,867
                     Combined basic Canadian federal and provincial tax rate                                                             1,036               27.50%              1,025              26.50%
                     Increase (decrease) in the income tax rate resulting from:
                          Non-taxable investment income                                                                                    (228)             (6.05)                (266)            (6.88)
                          Operations outside of Canada subject to a lower average foreign tax rate                                         (444)            (11.79)                (374)            (9.66)
                          Impact of rate changes on deferred income taxes                                                                    24               0.64                    21             0.54
                          (Recognition) de-recognition of deferred tax assets associated with prior year tax losses                           8               0.21                  (15)            (0.39)
                          Other                                                                                                            (162)             (4.30)                  (87)           (2.25)
                     Total income tax expense and effective income tax rate                                                       $         234               6.21%        $        304              7.86%
                     Total income tax expense and effective income tax rate – common shareholders                                 $         209               5.88%        $        358              9.89%

                     1 A Canadian federal corporate income tax rate change, enacted in 2022 (effective after April 7, 2022), increased the statutory income tax rate from 26.50% to 28.0% (prorated to 27.50%
                       in 2022).




                                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         187




                                                         P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                       B 171




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 171                                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               26. Income Taxes (cont’d)
                                      In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published model rules outlining a structure
                                      for a new global 15% minimum tax regime to be implemented by all participating countries at an agreed future date, currently expected
                                      to be 2024. Detailed commentary on the rules was released by the OECD during 2022. At this point, the countries where the Company
                                      currently operates have all indicated their participation; however, none have implemented legislation. A number of these countries
                                      currently operate at a lower tax rate than the proposed minimum, and when legislation is enacted the Company expects an increase in
                                      the effective tax rate. The Company is awaiting the legislation and detailed guidance to assess the full implications in the jurisdictions in
                                      which the Company operates.


                               (c)    Composition and changes in net deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2022
                                                                                 Insurance and
                                                                                   investment                         Losses
                                                                                     contract       Portfolio         carried         Intangible                 Tax
                                                                                    liabilities   investments        forward            assets                 credits            Other             Total

                                      Balance, beginning of year              $          (575)    $     (644)    $       1,388        $         (807)      $         324      $       282       $           (32)
                                      Recognized in Statements of Earnings             (1,494)         1,471               144                   (58)                (46)             170                   187
                                      Recognized in Statements of
                                        Comprehensive Income                                 –             51                    –                     –                 –           (119)                  (68)
                                      Recognized in Statements of
                                        Changes in Equity                                    –              –                   (5)                –                      –               (2)                (7)
                                      Acquired in business acquisitions                    (90)            (4)                   –               139                      –               34                 79
                                      Foreign exchange rate changes and other              (70)           (14)                  92               (60)                    12               24                (16)
                                      Balance, end of year                       $     (2,229)    $      860     $       1,619        $         (786)      $         290      $       389       $           143




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                            2021
                                                                                 Insurance and
                                                                                   investment                         Losses
                                                                                     contract       Portfolio         carried             Intangible             Tax

 PART B
                                                                                    liabilities   investments        forward                assets             credits            Other             Total

                                      Balance, beginning of year              $          (320)    $     (766)    $       1,411        $         (670)      $         285      $       389       $        329
                                      Recognized in Statements of Earnings               (236)           116               (19)                 (125)                 39               69               (156)
                                      Recognized in Statements of
                                        Comprehensive Income                                 –              8                    –                     –                 –           (213)              (205)
                                      Recognized in Statements of
                                        Changes in Equity                                    –              –                   (2)                  –                   –                 8                  6
                                      Acquired in business acquisitions                      –             (1)                   1                 (17)                  –                (4)               (21)
                                      Foreign exchange rate changes and other              (19)            (1)                  (3)                  5                   –                33                 15
                                      Balance, end of year                       $       (575)    $     (644)    $       1,388        $         (807)      $         324      $       282       $           (32)


                                                                                                                                                                                  2022              2021

                                      Recorded on Consolidated Balance Sheets:
                                      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                     $     1,152       $     1,057
                                      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                     (1,009)           (1,089)
                                      Total                                                                                                                                   $       143       $           (32)


                                      A deferred income tax asset is recognized for deductible temporary differences and unused losses and carryforwards only to the extent
                                      that realization of the related income tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable.
                                      Recognition is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax planning opportunities available to
                                      allow the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods may adversely impact the assessment of the
                                      recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in establishing the deferred income tax assets. The Company’s
                                      annual financial planning process provides a significant basis for the measurement of deferred income tax assets.
                                      Management assesses the recoverability of the deferred income tax assets carrying values based on future years’ taxable income projections
                                      and believes the carrying values of the deferred income tax assets as of December 31, 2022 are recoverable.
                                      At December 31, 2022, the Company has recognized a deferred tax asset of $1,619 ($1,388 at December 31, 2021) on tax loss carryforwards
                                      totaling $7,319, of which $4,478 expire between 2026 and 2042 while $2,841 have no expiry date. The Company will realize this benefit in
                                      future years through a reduction in current income taxes payable.


                               188   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 172                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 172                                                                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                       One U.S. subsidiary has had a history of losses. The subsidiary has a net deferred income tax asset balance of $466 (U.S. $345) as at
                       December 31, 2022, comprised principally of net operating losses. Management has concluded that it is probable that the subsidiary and
                       other historically profitable subsidiaries with which it files or intends to file a consolidated U.S. income tax return will generate sufficient
                       taxable income to utilize the unused U.S. losses and deductions.
                       The Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset of $109 ($42 in 2021) on tax loss carryforwards totaling $550 ($212 in 2021). Of this
                       amount, $156 expire between 2023 and 2038 while $394 have no expiry date. In addition, the Company has not recognized a deferred
                       tax asset of $11 ($20 in 2021) on other temporary differences of $55 ($94 in 2021) associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches,
                       and associates.
                       A deferred income tax liability has not been recognized in respect of the temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                       branches and associates as the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences, and it is probable that
                       the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

              27. Operating and Administrative Expenses

                                                                                                                                                                               2022                   2021

              Salaries and other employee benefits                                                                                                                         $     4,614        $         4,191
              General and administrative                                                                                                                                         2,291                  1,938
              Interest expense on leases                                                                                                                                            19                     21
              Depreciation of fixed assets                                                                                                                                         116                    119
              Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                                                                   69                     68
              Total                                                                                                                                                        $     7,109        $         6,337


              28. Derivative Financial Instruments
              In the normal course of managing exposure to fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates, and to market risks, the Company is an end-
              user of various derivative financial instruments. It is the Company’s policy to transact in derivatives only with the most creditworthy financial




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              intermediaries. Note 8 discloses the credit quality of the Company’s exposure to counterparties. Credit risk equivalent amounts are presented net of
              eligible collateral received, including initial margin on exchange-traded derivatives, of $378 as at December 31, 2022 ($65 at December 31, 2021) 1.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
              1   The Company has adjusted certain comparative figures to conform to the current year’s presentation. These adjustments had no impact on the equity or net earnings of the Company.



              (a) The following summarizes the Company’s derivative portfolio and related credit exposure
                  using the following definitions of risk as prescribed by OSFI:
                       Maximum Credit Risk                  The total replacement cost of all derivative contracts with positive values.
                       Future Credit Exposure               The potential future credit exposure is calculated based on a formula prescribed by OSFI. The factors
                                                            prescribed by OSFI for this calculation are based on derivative type and duration.
                       Credit Risk Equivalent               The sum of maximum credit risk and the potential future credit exposure less any collateral held.
                       Risk Weighted Equivalent             Represents the credit risk equivalent, weighted according to the creditworthiness of the counterparty,
                                                            as prescribed by OSFI.




                                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report           189




                                                           P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B 173




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 173                                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               28. Derivative Financial Instruments (cont’d)


                                                                                                                              2022
                                                                                                          Maximum             Future         Credit            Risk
                                                                                     Notional              credit             credit          risk          weighted
                                                                                     amount                 risk             exposure      equivalent       equivalent

                                      Interest rate contracts
                                           Swaps                                 $       6,267        $         99       $            72   $          130   $                2
                                           Futures – long                                    6                   –                     –                –                    –
                                           Futures – short                                 169                   –                     –                –                    –
                                           Options purchased                                 1                   –                     –                –                    –
                                                                                         6,443                  99                    72              130                    2
                                      Foreign exchange contracts
                                           Cross-currency swaps                        30,522                2,108               1,890              3,687               63
                                           Forward contracts                            5,828                   35                  77                 97                1
                                                                                       36,350                2,143               1,967              3,784               64
                                      Other derivative contracts
                                          Equity contracts                               1,750                  55                   109              164                    1
                                          Futures – long                                    12                   –                     –                –                    –
                                          Futures – short                                1,134                  13                     –                –                    –
                                          Other forward contracts                          271                   4                     –                –                    –
                                          Equity options-purchased                           1                   –                     –                –                    –
                                          Equity options-written                             3                   –                     –                –                    –
                                          Credit default swaps                             675                   –                     –                –                    –
                                                                                         3,846                  72                   109              164                    1
                                      Total                                      $     46,639         $      2,314       $       2,148     $        4,078   $           67




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                              2021
                                                                                                          Maximum             Future             Credit            Risk


 PART B
                                                                                     Notional              credit             credit              risk          weighted
                                                                                     amount                 risk             exposure          equivalent       equivalent

                                      Interest rate contracts
                                           Swaps                                 $       5,075        $        207       $            59   $          263   $                5
                                           Futures – long                                    1                   –                     –                –                    –
                                           Futures – short                                 147                   –                     –                –                    –
                                           Options purchased                                11                   –                     –                –                    –
                                                                                         5,234                 207                    59              263                    5
                                      Foreign exchange contracts
                                           Cross-currency swaps                        22,654                  564               1,424              1,958               36
                                           Forward contracts                            4,455                   50                  65                100                1
                                                                                       27,109                  614               1,489              2,058               37
                                      Other derivative contracts
                                          Equity contracts                               2,146                 142                   134              261                    1
                                          Futures – long                                    15                   –                     –                –                    –
                                          Futures – short                                  578                   1                     –                –                    –
                                          Other forward contracts                        1,488                   3                   129              133                    1
                                                                                         4,227                 146                   263              394                    2
                                      Total                                      $     36,570         $        967       $       1,811     $        2,715   $           44




                               190   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 1 74                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 174                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


              (b) The following provides the notional amount, term to maturity and estimated fair value
                  of the Company’s derivative portfolio by category:

                                                                                                                                            2022
                                                                                                                            Notional Amount                                        Total
                                                                                                       1 year         Over 1 year          Over 5                                estimated
                                                                                                       or less         to 5 years          years              Total              fair value

                     Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges
                         Interest rate contracts
                              Swaps                                                                $        581       $    1,341      $       4,320       $     6,242        $         (358)
                              Futures – long                                                                  6                –                  –                 6                     –
                              Futures – short                                                               169                –                  –               169                     –
                              Options purchased                                                               1                –                  –                 1                     –
                                                                                                            757            1,341              4,320             6,418                  (358)
                         Foreign exchange contracts
                              Cross-currency swaps                                                        3,215            7,521            17,416             28,152                   943
                              Forward contracts                                                           3,262                –                 –              3,262                   (66)
                                                                                                          6,477            7,521            17,416             31,414                   877
                         Other derivative contracts
                             Equity contracts                                                             1,482                –                  –             1,482                     6
                             Futures – long                                                                  12                –                  –                12                     –
                             Futures – short                                                              1,134                –                  –             1,134                    13
                             Other forward contracts                                                        271                –                  –               271                     3
                             Equity options-purchased                                                         1                –                  –                 1                     –
                             Equity options-written                                                           3                –                  –                 3                     –
                             Credit default swaps                                                             –              500                175               675                     –




                                                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                          2,903              500                175             3,578                    22
                     Fair value hedges
                               Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                83             –                   –                 83                  (3)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B
                     Cash flow hedges
                         Interest rate contracts
                              Swaps                                                                              –              –                   25                25                      3
                         Foreign exchange contracts
                              Cross-currency swaps                                                               –           100                    –             100                         6
                         Other derivative contracts
                              Equity contracts                                                                   58          210                    –             268                    22
                                                                                                                 58          310                    25            393                    31
                     Net investment hedges
                              Cross-currency swaps                                                            –                –              2,270             2,270                   134
                              Foreign exchange forward contracts                                          2,027              456                  –             2,483                   (28)
                                                                                                          2,027              456              2,270             4,753                   106
                     Total                                                                         $     12,305       $   10,128      $     24,206        $    46,639        $          675




                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report     191




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B 1 75




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 175                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               28. Derivative Financial Instruments (cont’d)


                                                                                                                                                                                 2021 1
                                                                                                                                                                  Notional Amount                                            Total
                                                                                                                                       1 year             Over 1 year            Over 5                                    estimated
                                                                                                                                       or less             to 5 years            years                 Total               fair value

                                      Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges
                                           Interest rate contracts
                                                Swaps                                                                              $         518        $         948        $       3,586        $      5,052         $          164
                                                Futures – long                                                                                 1                    –                    –                   1                      –
                                                Futures – short                                                                              147                    –                    –                 147                      –
                                                Options purchased                                                                             11                    –                    –                  11                      –
                                                                                                                                             677                  948                3,586               5,211                    164
                                              Foreign exchange contracts
                                                   Cross-currency swaps                                                                   2,574                4,298                13,462              20,334                   (420)
                                                   Forward contracts                                                                      2,450                    –                     –               2,450                     (4)
                                                                                                                                          5,024                4,298                13,462              22,784                   (424)
                                              Other derivative contracts
                                                  Equity contracts                                                                        1,952                      –                    –              1,952                      52
                                                  Futures – long                                                                             15                      –                    –                 15                       –
                                                  Futures – short                                                                           578                      –                    –                578                      (2)
                                                  Other forward contracts                                                                 1,488                      –                    –              1,488                       3
                                                                                                                                          4,033                      –                    –              4,033                      53
                                      Fair value hedges
                                                 Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                              78                  –                    –                     78                  (1)




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Cash flow hedges
                                           Interest rate contracts
                                                Swaps                                                                                            –                   –                    23                    23                      8

 PART B
                                           Other derivative contracts
                                                Equity contracts                                                                                 43               151                     –                    194                  89
                                                                                                                                                 43               151                     23                   217                  97
                                      Net investment hedges
                                                Cross-currency swaps                                                                          –                     –                2,320               2,320                       –
                                                Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                        1,409                   518                    –               1,927                      48
                                                                                                                                          1,409                   518                2,320               4,247                      48
                                      Total                                                                                        $     11,264         $      5,915         $      19,391        $     36,570         $           (63)

                                      1   The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings of the Company.

                                      Futures contracts included in the above are exchange traded contracts; all other contracts are over-the-counter.


                               (c)    The following provides details of the Company’s derivative portfolio by type of instrument:
                                      Interest Rate Contracts
                                      Interest rate swaps, futures and options are used as part of a portfolio of assets to manage interest rate risk associated with investment
                                      activities and insurance and investment contract liabilities. Interest-rate swap agreements require the periodic exchange of payments
                                      without the exchange of the notional principal amount on which payments are based. Call options grant the Company the right to enter
                                      into a swap with predetermined fixed-rate payments over a predetermined time period on the exercise date. Call options are used to
                                      manage the variability in future interest payments due to a change in credited interest rates and the related potential change in cash flows
                                      due to surrenders. Call options are also used to hedge minimum rate guarantees.

                                      Foreign Exchange Contracts
                                      Cross-currency swaps are used in combination with other investments to manage foreign currency risk associated with investment
                                      activities, and insurance and investment contract liabilities. Cross-currency swaps are also used to hedge the Company’s net investment in
                                      foreign operations. Under these swaps principal amounts and fixed or floating interest payments may be exchanged in different currencies.
                                      The Company also enters into certain foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain product liabilities.




                               192   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 1 76                                                                                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 176                                                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                     Other Derivative Contracts
                     Equity index swaps, futures and options are used to hedge certain product liabilities. Equity index swaps are also used as substitutes for
                     cash instruments and are used to periodically hedge the market risk associated with certain fee income. Equity put options are used to
                     manage potential credit risk impact of significant declines in certain equity markets.
                     Equity total return swaps are used to manage exposure to fluctuations in the total return of common shares related to deferred compensation
                     arrangements. Total return swaps require the exchange of net contractual payments periodically or at maturity without the exchange of the
                     notional principal amounts on which the payments are based. These instruments are designated as cash flow hedges.
                     Credit default swaps are used to transfer credit risk to another party.
                     The ineffective portion of the cash flow hedges during 2022, which includes interest rate contracts, foreign exchange contracts, and equity
                     total return swap contracts, and the anticipated net gains (losses) expected to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
                     income within the next twelve months is nil. The maximum time frame for which variable cash flows are hedged is 22 years.

              29. Legal Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
              The Company and its subsidiaries are from time-to-time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions. Provisions are
              established if, in management’s judgment, it is probable a payment will be required and the amount of the payment can be reliably estimated.
              It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could
              have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Company. However, based on information presently known, it is
              not expected that any of the existing legal actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
              financial position of the Company. Actual results could differ from management’s best estimates.
              Subsidiaries of the Company in the United States are defendants in legal actions, including class actions, relating to the costs and features of their
              retirement and fund products and the conduct of their businesses. Management believes the claims are without merit and will be vigorously
              defending these actions. Based on the information presently known these actions will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
              financial position of the Company.

              30. Commitments




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              (a) Letters of Credit

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
                     Letters of credit are written commitments provided by a bank. The total amount of letter of credit facilities is U.S. $1,913 of which U.S.
                     $1,497 were issued as of December 31, 2022.
                     The Capital and Risk Solutions segment periodically uses letters of credit as collateral under certain reinsurance contracts for on balance
                     sheet policy liabilities.


              (b) Investment Commitments
                     Commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations in accordance with policies and guidelines that are to
                     be disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions were $5,336 as at December 31, 2022, with $5,245 maturing within one year,
                     $84 maturing within two years and $7 maturing in over 5 years.


              (c)    Pledged Assets
                     In addition to the assets pledged by the Company disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements:
                     (i)    The amount of assets included in the Company’s balance sheet which have a security interest by way of pledging is $1,467 ($1,263
                            at December 31, 2021) in respect of reinsurance agreements.
                            In addition, under certain reinsurance contracts, bonds presented in portfolio investments are held in trust and escrow accounts.
                            Assets are placed in these accounts pursuant to the requirements of certain legal and contractual obligations to support contract
                            liabilities assumed.
                     (ii)   The Company has pledged, in the normal course of business, $74 ($63 at December 31, 2021) of assets of the Company for the
                            purpose of providing collateral for the counterparty.




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   193




                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           B 177




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 177                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               31. Segmented Information
                               The operating segments of the Company are Canada, United States, Europe, Capital and Risk Solutions and Lifeco Corporate. These segments
                               reflect the Company’s management structure and internal financial reporting. Each of these segments operates in the financial services industry
                               and the revenues from these segments are derived principally from interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
                               services, asset management and reinsurance businesses.
                               Transactions between operating segments occur at market terms and conditions and have been eliminated upon consolidation.
                               The Company has a capital allocation model to measure the performance of the operating segments. The impact of the capital allocation model
                               is included in the segmented information presented below.


                               (a) Consolidated Net Earnings

                                                                                                                                                           2022

                                                                                                                              United                               Capital and            Lifeco
                                                                                                             Canada           States              Europe          Risk Solutions        Corporate         Total

                                      Income
                                          Total net premiums                                             $    15,103      $      2,025        $      3,962        $    31,731       $           –     $    52,821
                                          Net investment income
                                                Regular net investment income                                   3,066            3,253               1,526                 250                 51           8,146
                                                Changes in fair value through profit or loss                   (6,900)          (8,088)             (7,066)             (1,856)                 7         (23,903)
                                            Total net investment income (loss)                                 (3,834)          (4,835)             (5,540)             (1,606)                58         (15,757)
                                            Fee and other income                                                1,988            4,271               1,334                   5                  –           7,598
                                                                                                              13,257             1,461                (244)            30,130                  58          44,662
                                      Benefits and expenses
                                          Paid or credited to policyholders                                     7,628           (3,941)             (3,193)            29,170                   –          29,664




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                          Other 1                                                               3,893            4,374               1,741                248                  25          10,281
                                          Financing charges                                                       133              228                  22                  9                   6             398
                                          Amortization of finite life intangible assets                           111              205                  56                  1                   –             373

 PART B
                                          Restructuring and integration expenses                                    –              178                   –                  –                   –             178
                                      Earnings before income taxes                                              1,492              417               1,130                   702               27           3,768
                                      Income taxes                                                                160              (10)                 59                    18                7             234
                                      Net earnings before non-controlling interests                             1,332              427               1,071                   684               20           3,534
                                      Non-controlling interests                                                   188               (6)                  3                     –                –             185
                                      Net earnings                                                              1,144              433               1,068                   684               20           3,349
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                   112                –                  18                     –                –             130
                                      Net earnings before capital allocation                                    1,032              433               1,050                   684                20          3,219
                                      Impact of capital allocation                                                 84               27                 (66)                  (22)              (23)             –
                                      Net earnings (loss) – common shareholders                          $      1,116     $        460        $        984        $          662    $           (3)   $     3,219

                                      1 Includes commissions, operating and administrative expenses, and premium taxes.




                               194   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 178                                                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 178                                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                      2021

                                                                                                             United                           Capital and              Lifeco
                                                                                             Canada          States          Europe          Risk Solutions          Corporate             Total

                     Income
                         Total net premiums                                              $    13,900     $      4,518    $      4,862        $     29,533        $               –     $     52,813
                          Net investment income
                               Regular net investment income (loss)                             2,878           1,937           1,325                  262                     (9)            6,393
                               Changes in fair value through profit or loss                       522            (900)         (1,375)                (334)                     4            (2,083)
                          Total net investment income (loss)                                    3,400           1,037             (50)                 (72)                    (5)            4,310
                          Fee and other income                                                  1,991           3,880           1,415                    8                      –             7,294
                                                                                              19,291            9,435           6,227              29,469                      (5)           64,417
                     Benefits and expenses
                         Paid or credited to policyholders                                    13,577            4,797           3,200              28,721                    –               50,295
                         Other 1                                                               3,792            3,654           1,736                 212                  107                9,501
                         Financing charges                                                       134              159              24                   9                    2                  328
                         Amortization of finite life intangible assets                           110              171              55                   –                    –                  336
                         Restructuring and integration expenses                                    –               90               –                   –                    –                   90
                     Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                        1,678             564           1,212                  527                (114)               3,867
                     Income taxes                                                                 182              73             140                  (30)                (61)                 304
                     Net earnings (loss) before non-controlling interests                       1,496             491           1,072                  557                  (53)              3,563
                     Non-controlling interests                                                    304              (7)              4                    –                    –                 301
                     Net earnings (loss)                                                        1,192             498           1,068                  557                  (53)              3,262
                     Preferred share dividends                                                    114               –              18                    –                    2                 134
                     Net earnings (loss) before capital allocation                              1,078             498           1,050                  557                  (55)              3,128
                     Impact of capital allocation                                                 109               1             (74)                 (25)                 (11)                  –




                                                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                     Net earnings (loss) – common shareholders                           $      1,187    $        499    $        976        $         532       $          (66)       $      3,128

                     1 Includes commissions, operating and administrative expenses, and premium taxes.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
                     The revenue by source currency for Capital and Risk Solutions:

                                                                                                                                                                        2022               2021

                     Revenue
                         United States                                                                                                                           $      27,369         $     21,256
                         United Kingdom                                                                                                                                  1,089                1,369
                         Japan                                                                                                                                            (383)               4,297
                         Other                                                                                                                                           2,055                2,547
                     Total revenue                                                                                                                               $      30,130         $     29,469



                     Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds, which are largely offset
                     through changes in insurance contract liabilities.




                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report         195




                                                        P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                B 179




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 179                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


                               31. Segmented Information (cont’d)

                               (b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities

                                                                                                                                                 2022

                                                                                                                              United                         Capital and
                                                                                                          Canada              States             Europe     Risk Solutions       Total

                                      Assets
                                          Invested assets                                             $    90,751         $    98,929        $    39,420    $      8,738     $ 237,838
                                          Goodwill and intangible assets                                    5,794               7,966              3,053               –        16,813
                                          Other assets                                                      4,721              37,584              8,994           7,608        58,907
                                          Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders          93,816             166,274            127,807               –       387,897
                                      Total                                                           $ 195,082           $ 310,753          $ 179,274      $    16,346      $ 701,455

                                                                                                                                                 2022

                                                                                                                              United                         Capital and
                                                                                                          Canada              States             Europe     Risk Solutions       Total

                                      Liabilities
                                           Insurance and investment contract liabilities              $    81,927         $ 115,649          $     37,542   $    12,580      $ 247,698
                                           Other liabilities                                                8,238            20,204                 4,112           988         33,542
                                           Investment and insurance contracts on account of
                                              segregated fund policyholders                                93,816             166,274            127,807                –        387,897
                                      Total                                                           $ 183,981           $ 302,127          $ 169,461      $    13,568      $ 669,137

                                                                                                                                                  2021

                                                                                                                              United                         Capital and
                                                                                                          Canada              States             Europe     Risk Solutions       Total




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Assets
                                           Invested assets                                            $    92,400         $    55,376        $    48,669    $      9,359     $ 205,804


 PART B
                                           Goodwill and intangible assets                                   5,722               5,826              3,047               –        14,595
                                           Other assets                                                     4,323              30,090             10,220           8,037        52,670
                                           Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders        101,537             116,919            138,963               –       357,419
                                      Total                                                           $ 203,982           $ 208,211          $ 200,899      $    17,396      $ 630,488

                                                                                                                                                  2021

                                                                                                                              United                         Capital and
                                                                                                          Canada              States             Europe     Risk Solutions       Total

                                      Liabilities
                                            Insurance and investment contract liabilities             $    84,829         $    74,632        $     47,356   $    14,016      $ 220,833
                                            Other liabilities                                               7,752               8,800               4,309           892         21,753
                                            Investment and insurance contracts on account of
                                               segregated fund policyholders                              101,537             116,919            138,963                –        357,419
                                      Total                                                           $ 194,118           $ 200,351          $ 190,628      $    14,908      $ 600,005


                                      The assets by source currency for Capital and Risk Solutions:
                                                                                                                                                                2022             2021

                                      Assets
                                          United Kingdom                                                                                                    $      5,396     $     6,507
                                          United States                                                                                                            6,832           5,902
                                          Japan                                                                                                                    3,310           4,102
                                          Other                                                                                                                      808             885
                                      Total assets                                                                                                          $    16,346      $    17,396




                               196   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 180                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 180                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                                                                                                 Deloitte LLP
                                                                                                 360 Main Street
                                                                                                 Suite 2300
                                                                                                 Winnipeg MB R3C 3Z3
                                                                                                 Canada

                                                                                                 Tel: 204-942-0051
                                                                                                 Fax: 204-947-9390
                                                                                                 www.deloitte.ca




              Independent Auditor’s Report

              To the Shareholders of Great-West Lifeco Inc.

              Opinion
              We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (the “Company”), which
              comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated
              statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years then ended,
              and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies
              (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).

              In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
              position of the Company as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its financial performance and its cash flows
              for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).




                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Basis for Opinion

                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
              We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian
              GAAS”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for
              the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in
              accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada,
              and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that
              the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

              Key Audit Matters
              Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
              audit of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. These matters were
              addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
              opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

              Insurance Contract Liabilities – Refer to Notes 2 and 13 to the financial statements

              Key Audit Matter Description
              The Company has insurance contract liabilities representing a significant portion of its total liabilities.
              Insurance contract liabilities are determined in accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices
              established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries using the Canadian Asset Liability Method (CALM). This
              method requires the use of complex valuation models incorporating projections of cash inflows and outflows
              using the best estimate of future experience together with a margin for adverse deviation.
              While there are many assumptions which management makes, the assumptions with the greatest estimation
              uncertainty are those related to mortality, including the impact, if any, of the COVID-19 pandemic, and
              policyholder behaviour. These assumptions required significant auditor attention in specific circumstances
              where (i) there is limited Company and industry experience data, and (ii) the historical experience may not
              be a good indicator of the future. Auditing of certain valuation models, mortality and policyholder behaviour
              assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, including
              the need to involve actuarial specialists.



                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   197




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                      B 181




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 181                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                               February 8, 2023
                               Page 2


                               How the Key Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit
                               Our audit procedures related to certain valuation models, mortality and policyholder behaviour assumptions
                               included the following, among others:
                                     •     With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the appropriateness of certain valuation models
                                           used in the estimation process by:
                                                  o    Calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liabilitiy for a sample of
                                                       insurance policies and comparing the results to the Company’s estimate;
                                                  o    Testing the accuracy of certain valuation models for changes in key assumptions.
                                     •     With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the reasonableness of mortality and policyholder
                                           behaviour assumptions by:
                                                  o    Evaluating whether management’s assumptions were determined in accordance with
                                                       actuarial principles and practices under the Canadian actuarial standards of practice;
                                                  o    Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the policyholder
                                                       behaviour and mortality assumptions;
                                                  o    Analyzing management’s interpretation and judgment of its experience study results and
                                                       emerging claims experience, evaluating triggers and drivers for revisions of assumptions,
                                                       assessing reasonable possible alternative assumptions, and considering industry and other
                                                       external sources of benchmarking where applicable.


                               Income Taxes – Refer to Notes 2 and 26 to the financial statements




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Key Audit Matter Description
                               The Company recognizes deferred income taxes for the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on

 PART B
                               differences arising between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities, and is recorded at
                               enacted or substantively enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to be
                               realized. The Company applies judgment in assessing the recoverability of the deferred income tax asset
                               carrying values based on future years’ taxable income projections. Certain of the Company’s subsidiaries
                               have had a history of losses and have a deferred income tax asset comprised principally of net operating
                               losses. The Company has concluded that through the use of certain tax planning opportunities, it is probable
                               that sufficient taxable income will be generated to utilize certain of the unused losses.
                               The determination of the recoverability of the Company’s deferred tax assets in the Company’s subsidiaries
                               required management to make judgments related to the assessment of management’s planned
                               implementation of tax strategies. In addition, management makes significant estimates and assumptions in
                               projecting future taxable income, specifically the revenue growth rates and projected expense margins and in
                               the determination of whether the deferred tax asset will be realized. Auditing these judgments required a
                               high degree of auditor judgment as the estimations made by management contain significant measurement
                               uncertainty. This resulted in an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve income tax
                               and other specialists.
                               How the Key Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit
                               Our audit procedures related to the tax strategies, revenue growth rates and projected expense margins,
                               and the determination of whether the deferred tax assets in the Company’s subsidiaries will be realized
                               included the following, among others:
                                     •     With the assistance of income tax specialists, analyzed the reasonableness of management’s
                                           projected future taxable income available to determine whether the models properly factored in the
                                           impact of the tax planning strategies.
                                     •     Tested the reasonableness of the revenue growth rates and projected expense margins used to
                                           project future taxable income that was available to realize the deferred tax asset by:
                                                  o    Assessing the key factors influencing management’s revenue growth rates and projected




                               198   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 182                                                     P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 182                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Great-West Lifeco Inc.
              February 8, 2023
              Page 3


                                  expense margins used in the projections through both market and internally entity specific
                                  driven evidence;
                             o    Performing a retrospective analysis of projected future taxable income against actual results
                                  from prior years.
                   •    With the assistance of income tax and other specialists, evaluated the proposed tax planning
                        strategies considered in the recoverability analysis to assess whether the deferred tax asset will be
                        realized.


              Prudential Financial Retirement Business Acquisition – Refer to Note 3(b) to the financial
              statements

              Key Audit Matter Description
              On April 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement business of Prudential
              Financial, Inc. (“Prudential”), through a share purchase and reinsurance transaction. The Company
              recognized the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their respective acquisition-date fair
              values, including customer contract intangible assets (“intangible assets”) and certain insurance contract
              liabilities (“insurance contract liabilities”).
              Management used discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of the intangible assets. While
              there are several assumptions and estimates required, those with the highest degree of subjectivity are the
              forecasted revenues and earnings, and discount rates.
              There are many components embedded in the determination of the fair value of the insurance contract
              liabilities that required management to make judgments and assumptions relating to (1) the appropriate
              accounting treatment, and (2) the appropriateness of valuation models that incorporate projections of cash




                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              inflows and outflows using the best estimate of future experience together with the discount rates. The
              judgments and assumptions with the greatest subjectivity are the determination of the appropriate

                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
              accounting treatment, appropriateness of the valuation models, policyholder behaviour and discount rate
              assumptions.
              Auditing of these judgments, assumptions and estimates required a high degree of auditor judgment and an
              increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve fair value, actuarial, and financial instrument
              specialists.
              How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
              Our audit procedures related to these judgments, assumptions, estimates and the accounting treatment used
              to determine the fair value of intangible assets and insurance contract liabilities included the following,
              among others:
              Intangible assets:
                   •    Evaluated the reasonableness of forecasted revenue and earnings by comparing the forecasts to:
                             o    Historical results of the acquired entity;
                             o    Actual results of the acquired entity post-acquisition;
                             o    Underlying analyses detailing business strategies and growth plans including estimated
                                  revenue and cost per participant;
                             o    Third-party reports and comparable company performance.
                   •    With the assistance of fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates used
                        by testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and developing
                        a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by
                        management.
              Insurance contract liabilities:
                   •    With the assistance of financial instrument specialists, evaluated management’s assessment related




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   199




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                      B 183




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 183                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                               February 8, 2023
                               Page 4


                                           to the accounting treatment of the insurance contract liabilities by:
                                                  o    Assessing the executed contracts to understand the nature of the products and to determine
                                                       whether all key facts and circumstances were incorporated into management’s assessment;
                                                  o    Analyzing relevant accounting standards, including various aspects of IFRS, conceptual
                                                       framework and guidance.
                                     •     With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the appropriateness of the valuation models used
                                           in the estimation process by:
                                                  o    Testing the valuation models for the incorporation of the key assumptions;
                                                  o    Recalculating management’s estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of
                                                       insurance policies and comparing the results to the Company’s estimate.
                                     •     With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the reasonableness of policyholder behaviour
                                           assumptions, by:
                                                  o    Evaluating whether management’s assumptions were determined in accordance with
                                                       actuarial principles and practices;
                                                  o    Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the policyholder
                                                       behaviour assumptions;
                                                  o    Analyzing management’s interpretation and judgments based on the relative inputs,
                                                       considering reasonable possible alternative assumptions, and considering industry and other
                                                       external sources of benchmarking where applicable.




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               Adoption of new and amended Accounting Standards – IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts
                               (“IFRS 17”) – Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements

 PART B
                               Key Audit Matter Description
                               For the period beginning on January 1, 2023, the Company will be adopting IFRS 17 and has included an
                               estimate of the financial impact on the opening consolidated balance sheet as at January 1, 2022 (the
                               transition date) in accordance with IAS 8, Changes in Accounting Errors and Estimates. IFRS 17 is a complex
                               accounting standard requiring considerable judgment and interpretation in its implementation, and will
                               impact how the Company recognizes, measures, presents and discloses insurance contracts. In adopting the
                               new standard, the Company has made certain accounting policy choices, and has disclosed the expected
                               opening retained earnings impact along with certain reclassifications and other transitional adjustments
                               which reflect the future application of IFRS 17 requirements including the establishment of the initial
                               contractual service margin. These disclosures will be more extensive in 2023, once the new standard is
                               adopted.
                               Management was required to make judgments and estimates to determine the accounting treatment at
                               transition and to estimate the expected opening retained earnings impact. This resulted in an increased
                               extent of audit effort, including the involvement of various specialists.
                               How the Key Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit
                               When additional IFRS 17 disclosures are required in the December 31, 2023 consolidated financial
                               statements, further testing of the impacts of transition will be performed. With the assistance of various
                               specialists, our audit procedures related to management’s determination of the accounting treatment at
                               transition and the estimate of the expected opening retained earnings impact included the following, among
                               others:

                                     •     Evaluated management’s judgments to determine the accounting treatment at transition by
                                           analyzing the disclosures against IFRS 17 accounting guidance;




                               200   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                         B 184                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 184                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:31 PM
              Great-West Lifeco Inc.
              February 8, 2023
              Page 5


                   •    Assessed the appropriateness and reasonableness of certain reclassifications, key models, significant
                        assumptions and other relevant inputs used in determining the transitional adjustments including the
                        contractual service margin and their related impact on the expected opening retained earnings.

              Other Information
              Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
              ●    Management’s Discussion and Analysis;
              ●    The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the Annual
                   Report.

              Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
              express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements,
              our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the
              other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
              audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

              We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the
              work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
              other information, we are required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in
              this regard.

              The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on
              the work we will perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
              other information, we are required to report that fact to those charged with governance.




                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial
              Statements

                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
              Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
              accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the
              preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

              In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to
              continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
              concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease
              operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

              Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

              Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
              Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
              free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
              our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
              conducted in accordance with Canadian GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
              Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
              they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
              financial statements.

              As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
              professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

              ●    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
                   or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                   sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
                   misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
                   collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report   201




                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                   B 185




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 185                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                               Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                               February 8, 2023
                               Page 6


                               ●     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
                                     are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                                     effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
                               ●     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
                                     and related disclosures made by management.

                               ●     Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
                                     based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
                                     conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
                                     conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
                                     the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
                                     opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
                                     However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
                               ●     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
                                     disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
                                     manner that achieves fair presentation.
                               ●     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
                                     activities within the Company to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for
                                     the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
                                     opinion.

                               We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
                               and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control




      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                               that we identify during our audit.


 PART B
                               We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
                               ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                               matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
                               safeguards.

                               From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
                               of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
                               therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation
                               precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
                               matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                               reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                               The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Paul Stauch.




                               /s/ Deloitte LLP

                               Chartered Professional Accountants

                               Winnipeg, Manitoba

                               February 8, 2023




                               202   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2022 Annual Report



                                      B 186                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_02_GWL_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 186                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:31 PM
                                                  IGM Financial Inc.
                                                  PART C




                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                                              PAGE C 2



                                              Financial Statements and Notes
                                              PAGE C 7 1




                                              Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
                                              page numbers. A page number with the prefix “C” refers to the number of such page
                                              in this document and the page number without any prefix refers to the number of
                                              such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



                                              The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents prepared and
                                              publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under such subsidiary’s profile
                                              on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Certain statements in the attached documents, other
                                              than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain
                                              assumptions and reflect the current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein.
                                              Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader
                                              in understanding the subsidiary’s financial performance, financial position and cash
                                              flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information
                                              about the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
                                              future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
                                              other purposes.

                                              By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties
                                              that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations,
                                              forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that
                                              assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities




                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                              will not be achieved.


                                                                                                                                                                         PART C
                                              For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
                                              could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
                                              statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making the
                                              forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the content
                                              of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents, including
                                              the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements. The reader is cautioned to
                                              consider these factors and assumptions carefully and not to put undue reliance on
                                              forward-looking statements.




                                              P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               C 1




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 1                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                               Management’s
                               Discussion and Analysis
                               The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and the financial
                               condition of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and
                               should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements. Commentary in the MD&A as at and for the
                               year ended December 31, 2022 is as of February 9, 2023.



                               Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                               The Consolidated Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s MD&A,
                               have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are presented in Canadian dollars
                               (Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements).



                               Principal Holders of Voting Shares
                               As at December 31, 2022, Power Corporation of Canada (Power) and Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), a subsidiary of Power, held
                               directly or indirectly 62.2% and 3.9%, respectively, of the outstanding common shares of IGM Financial.


                               Forward-looking Statements
                               Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical                 results of the Company, and its subsidiaries, and their businesses,
                               fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions                      and could cause actual results to differ materially from current
                               and reflect IGM Financial’s current expectations. Forward-looking                      expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                               statements are provided to assist the reader in understanding the                      factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated
                               Company’s financial position and results of operations as at and for                   impact of general economic, political and market factors in North
                               the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about                    America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
                               management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future.                    global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity
                               Readers are cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate                      and funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used
                               for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation,                  to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with
                               statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition,                    critical accounting assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying
                               expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities,                     future accounting changes, operational and reputational risks,
                               priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook                 business competition, technological change, changes in government
                               of the Company, as well as the outlook for North American and                          regulations and legislation, changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial
                               international economies, for the current fiscal year and subsequent                    or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, outbreaks of disease
                               periods. Forward-looking statements include statements that are                        or pandemics (such as COVID-19), the Company’s ability to complete
                               predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or                         strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and implement other
                               conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”,                growth strategies, and the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ success
                               “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts”        in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors.
                               or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or
                                                                                                                      The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of
                               conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                                                                                                      the factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking
                               This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions                 statements. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other
                               that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or                      factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place
                               projection as reflected in the forward-looking statements, including                   undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                               the perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected
                                                                                                                      Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the
                               future developments, as well as other factors that are believed to be
                                                                                                                      Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
                               appropriate in the circumstances. While the Company considers these
                                                                                                                      statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which
                               assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available
                                                                                                                      such statements are made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
                               to management, they may prove to be incorrect.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                      events, whether as a result of new information, future events or results,
                               By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and                       or otherwise.


 PART C
                               uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to
                                                                                                                      Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the
                               the possibility that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections
                                                                                                                      Company’s business and material factors or assumptions on which
                               or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may
                                                                                                                      information contained in forward-looking statements is based is
                               not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will
                                                                                                                      provided in its disclosure materials, including this Management’s
                               not be achieved.
                                                                                                                      Discussion and Analysis and its most recent Annual Information Form,
                               A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s                  filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada, available at
                               and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and                  www.sedar.com.




                           18 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 2                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 2                                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
         This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios                            Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
         that do not have standard meanings prescribed by IFRS and may not                               including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
         be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies.                             accordance with IFRS in Tables 1 to 4.
         These measures and ratios are used to provide management,
                                                                                                         This report also contains other financial measures which include:
         investors and investment analysts with additional measures to assess
         earnings performance.                                                                           •   Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents
                                                                                                             the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial. In the Wealth
         Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted
                                                                                                             Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances
         net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net earnings”,
                                                                                                             where the asset management segment is providing investment
         “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted earnings before
                                                                                                             management services or distributing its products through the
         interest and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings before interest, taxes,
                                                                                                             Wealth Management segment are eliminated in our reporting such
         depreciation and amortization before sales commissions” (EBITDA before
                                                                                                             that there is no double-counting of the same client savings held at
         sales commissions), and “earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
                                                                                                             IGM Financial’s operating companies.
         and amortization after sales commissions” (EBITDA after sales
         commissions). These measures exclude other items which are items                                •   Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
         of a non-recurring nature, or that could make the period-over-period                                Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products
         comparison of results from operations less meaningful. EBITDA before                                held within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment
         sales commissions excludes all sales commissions. EBITDA after sales                                operating companies.
         commissions includes all sales commissions and highlights aggregate
                                                                                                         •   Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
         cash flows.
                                                                                                             Management segment. AUM are a secondary driver of revenues and
         Non-IFRS ratios include the following:                                                              expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation to its
                                                                                                             investment management activities. AUM are client assets where we
          Ratio                   Numerator                   Denominator                                    provide investment management services, and include investment
                                                                                                             funds where we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates
          Adjusted                Adjusted net                Average number
                                                                                                             to institutions, and other client accounts where we have discretionary
          earnings                earnings available          of outstanding
                                                                                                             portfolio management responsibilities.
          per share               to common                   common shares on
          (Adjusted EPS)          shareholders                a diluted basis                            •   Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities.
          Return (Adjusted        Net earnings                Average shareholders’
          return) on              (Adjusted net               equity excluding
          equity (ROE,            earnings) available         non-controlling
          Adjusted ROE)           to common                   interest
                                  shareholders
          ROE (Adjusted           Net earnings                Average shareholders’
          ROE) excluding          (Adjusted net               equity excluding
          the impact              earnings) available         non-controlling
          of fair value           to common                   interest and the
          through other           shareholders                impact of fair value
          comprehensive                                       through other
          income                                              comprehensive
          investments                                         income investments
                                                              net of tax




                                                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C




                                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                                 19
                                                        P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                 C 3




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 3                                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                IGM Financial Inc.
                                Summary of Consolidated Operating Results
                                IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and asset            Annual net earnings per share in 2022 represented a decrease
                                management company supporting advisors and the clients                of 10.4% over annual adjusted net earnings per share in 2021.
                                they serve in Canada, and institutional investors throughout          Net earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2022
                                North America, Europe and Asia. The Company operates                  represented a decrease of 13.0% over adjusted net earnings
                                through a number of operating subsidiaries and also holds             per share (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                                a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to            and Other Financial Measures) for the fourth quarter of 2021. In
                                these subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s growth              2021, adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders,
                                prospects. The Company’s principle operating subsidiaries are         excluding other items outlined below, were $971.2 million
                                wealth manager IG Wealth Management (IG) and asset manager            or $4.05 per share for the twelve month period and were
                                Mackenzie Investments (Mackenzie). The Company also                   $260.8 million or $1.08 per share for the fourth quarter of 2021.
                                operates through wealth manager Investment Planning Counsel
                                (IPC) and has strategic investments in Great-West Lifeco              Adjusted Net Earnings Available to Common
                                Inc. (Lifeco), China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC),           Shareholders(1) and Adjusted Earnings per Share(1)
                                Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf), and Wealthsimple            For the financial year ($ millions, except per share amounts)
                                Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) as described more fully later
                                in this MD&A.                                                                                                       971

                                IGM Financial’s assets under management and advisement                                                                          867
                                were $249.4 billion as at December 31, 2022, compared with                        792          764         763      4.05
                                $277.1 billion at December 31, 2021, as detailed in Table 6.                                                                   3.63
                                                                                                                  3.29
                                Average total assets under management and advisement                                           3.19        3.20

                                for the year ended December 31, 2022 were $255.2 billion
                                compared to $259.7 billion in 2021. Average total assets under
                                management and advisement for the fourth quarter of 2022
                                were $247.8 billion compared to $272.0 billion in the fourth
                                quarter of 2021.

                                Total assets under management were $217.0 billion at
                                                                                                                  2018        2019        2020      2021       2022
                                December 31, 2022, compared with $245.3 billion at
                                December 31, 2021. Average total assets under management
                                                                                                                    Adjusted Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders
                                for the year ended December 31, 2022 were $224.6 billion
                                                                                                                    Adjusted Earnings per Share
                                compared to $231.4 billion in 2021. Average total assets under
                                management for the fourth quarter of 2022 were $216.5 billion         Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders and adjusted
                                compared to $241.9 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021.             net earnings per share excluded the following after-tax amounts:
                                                                                                      2018 – charges related to restructuring and other and the premium
                                Net earnings available to common shareholders for the year
                                                                                                               paid on the early redemption of debentures.
                                ended December 31, 2022 were $867.2 million or $3.63
                                per share compared to net earnings available to common                2019 – the Company’s proportionate share in Great-West Lifeco Inc.’s
                                                                                                               one-time charges.
                                shareholders of $978.9 million or $4.08 per share in 2021,
                                representing a decrease of 11.0% in earnings per share. Net           2020 – the gain on sale of Personal Capital, gain on sale of Quadrus




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                earnings available to common shareholders for the three                        Group of Funds net of acqusition costs, the Company’s
                                                                                                               proportionate share of associate’s adjustments and

 PART C
                                months ended December 31, 2022 were $224.7 million
                                                                                                               restructuring and other.
                                or $0.94 per share compared to net earnings available to
                                                                                                      2021 – additional consideration receivable related to the sale
                                common shareholders of $268.5 million or $1.11 per share
                                                                                                               of Personal Capital in 2020.
                                for the comparative period in 2021, a decrease of 15.3% in
                                earnings per share.                                                   (1) A Non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and
                                                                                                          Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                           20 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 4                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 4                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Other items for the three and twelve months ended                                              interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%. To partially fund the
         December 31, 2021 consisted of additional consideration                                        transaction, IGM Financial sold 15,200,662 common shares of
         receivable of $10.6 million ($7.7 million after-tax) related to                                Lifeco to Power for cash consideration of $553 million which
         the sale of the Company’s equity interest in Personal Capital                                  reduced the Company’s equity interest in Lifeco from 4% to
         Corporation (Personal Capital) in 2020.                                                        2.4%. The remaining $597 million of consideration was funded
                                                                                                        from the Company’s existing financial resources including
         Shareholders’ equity was $6.3 billion at December 31, 2022,
                                                                                                        $22 million in dividends received after March 31, 2022 with
         compared to $6.5 billion at December 31, 2021. Adjusted
                                                                                                        respect to the Lifeco shares that were sold.
         ROE (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and
         Other Financial Measures) for the year ended December 31,                                      Benefits of the ChinaAMC acquisition include:
         2022 was 14.0% compared with 16.4% for the comparative                                         • Enhancing participation in the rapidly growing Chinese asset
         period in 2021. Adjusted ROE excluding the impact of fair value                                  management industry, through a meaningful ownership
         through other comprehensive income investments (a non-IFRS                                       position in one of the leading asset managers in China.
         ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial                                    • Reinforcing relationships and business opportunities
         Measures) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15.2%                                         between Mackenzie and ChinaAMC as Mackenzie builds
         compared with 19.0% in 2021. The quarterly dividend per                                          global, fully diversified and differentiated solutions for its
         common share was 56.25 cents in 2022, unchanged from the                                         clients and strengthens distribution opportunities in China.
         end of 2021.
                                                                                                        • Simplifying the IGM Financial and Power organization
                                                                                                          structure by consolidating the ChinaAMC ownership position
         China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC)                                                      at Mackenzie.
         On January 12, 2023, the Company closed the previously
         announced transaction to acquire Power Corporation of                                          Market Overview
         Canada’s (Power) 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash
                                                                                                        Following an extended period of strong financial market
         consideration of $1.15 billion, increasing the Company’s equity
                                                                                                        returns that began during the second quarter of 2020, negative



         Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures

                                                                                                                                     Three months ended           Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                     2022           2022           2021           2022           2021
         ($ millions except EPS)                                                                                   Dec. 31        Sep. 30        Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31

         Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                            $     224.7    $     216.1    $     260.8    $     867.2    $     971.2
          Gain on sale of Personal Capital, net of tax                                                                  –              –             7.7             –             7.7
         Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                        $     224.7    $     216.1    $     268.5    $     867.2    $     978.9
         Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                                       $      0.94    $      0.91    $      1.08    $      3.63    $      4.05
          Gain on sale of Personal Capital, net of tax                                                                  –              –           0.03              –           0.03
         Earnings per share(2)                                                                                $      0.94    $      0.91    $      1.11    $      3.63    $      4.08
         Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                         237,958        237,808        241,443        238,996        240,019

         EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                                   $     366.1    $     356.0    $     411.8    $ 1,425.6      $   1,547.0
          Sales–based commissions paid                                                                              (22.2)         (25.6)         (42.9)        (130.8)        (170.5)
         EBITDA after sales commissions(1)                                                                          343.9          330.4          368.9        1,294.8        1,376.5
          Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                                       22.2           25.6           39.3          123.5          151.0
          Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                             (20.9)         (20.1)         (16.2)         (77.6)         (56.7)
          Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                      (26.2)         (26.4)         (25.4)        (104.0)         (99.8)




                                                                                                                                                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         Adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes(1)                                                      319.0          309.5          366.6        1,236.7        1,371.0
          Interest expense(3)                                                                                        28.7           28.6           28.6          113.8          113.9

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C
         Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                   290.3          280.9          338.0        1,122.9        1,257.1
          Income taxes                                                                                               63.3           63.9           76.5          250.4          283.9
         Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                   227.0          217.0          261.5          872.5          973.2
          Gain on sale of Personal Capital, net of tax                                                                  –              –             7.7             –             7.7
         Net earnings                                                                                         $     227.0    $     217.0    $     269.2    $     872.5    $     980.9
         (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
         (2) Diluted earnings per share.
         (3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                               21
                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             C 5




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 5                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                returns during 2022 were reflective of the current volatility in           services are provided to a suite of investment funds
                                global markets:                                                            that are distributed through third party dealers and
                                • The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased by 6.0%               financial advisors, and through institutional advisory
                                  in the fourth quarter of 2022 and decreased by 5.8% for                  mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other
                                  the year.                                                                institutional investors.

                                • U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total return          • Strategic Investments and Other – primarily represents the
                                  index, increased by 7.6% in the fourth quarter of 2022 and              key strategic investments made by the Company, including
                                  decreased by 18.1% for the year.                                        China Asset Management Co., Ltd., Great-West Lifeco Inc.,
                                                                                                          Northleaf Capital Group Ltd., Wealthsimple Financial Corp.,
                                • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI Europe
                                                                                                          and Portage Ventures LPs, as well as unallocated capital.
                                  net total return index, increased by 9.6% in the fourth
                                                                                                          Investments are classified in this segment (as opposed to the
                                  quarter of 2022 and decreased by 9.5% for the year.
                                                                                                          Wealth Management or Asset Management segment) when
                                • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia
                                                                                                          warranted due to different market segments, growth profiles
                                  Pacific net total return index, increased by 12.5% in the
                                                                                                          or other unique characteristics.
                                  fourth quarter of 2022 and decreased by 17.2% for the year.
                                • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return index                  Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)
                                  increased by 0.1% in the fourth quarter of 2022 and                   represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial. In
                                  decreased by 11.7% for the year.                                      the Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part
                                                                                                        of AUA. All instances where the asset management segment
                                • Our clients experienced an average investment return of
                                                                                                        is providing investment management services or distributing
                                  5.4% in the fourth quarter of 2022 and -9.9% for the year.
                                                                                                        its products through the Wealth Management segment are
                                IGM Financial’s assets under management and advisement                  eliminated in our reporting such that there is no double-
                                decreased by 10.0% from $277.1 billion at December 31,                  counting of the same client savings held at IGM Financial’s
                                2021 to $249.4 billion at December 31, 2022. See Table 6 for            operating companies.
                                the breakdown of IGM Financial’s assets under management
                                                                                                        Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of
                                and advisement.
                                                                                                        the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and
                                                                                                        investment products held within client accounts of our
                                Reportable Segments                                                     Wealth Management segment operating companies.
                                The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth Management,                Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the
                                Asset Management and Strategic Investments & Other                      Asset Management segment. AUM are a secondary driver
                                and reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and              of revenues and expenses within the Wealth Management
                                performance measurement (Tables 2, 3 and 4):                            segment in relation to its investment management activities.
                                • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of operating              AUM are client assets where we provide investment
                                  companies that are principally focused on providing financial         management services, and include investment funds where
                                  planning and related services to Canadian households. This            we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates
                                  segment includes the activities of IG Wealth Management               to institutions, and other client accounts where we have
                                  and Investment Planning Counsel. These firms are retail               discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.
                                  distribution organizations that serve Canadian households
                                  through their securities dealers, mutual fund dealers and
                                                                                                        Financial Presentation
                                  other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products
                                  and services. A majority of the revenues of this segment              The financial presentation includes revenues and expenses to
                                  are derived from providing financial advice and distributing          align with the key drivers of business activity and to reflect our
                                  financial products and services to Canadian households. This          emphasis on business growth and operational efficiency. The
                                  segment also includes the investment management activities            categories are as follows:




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  of these organizations, including mutual fund management              • Wealth management revenue – revenues earned by the


 PART C
                                  and discretionary portfolio management services.                        Wealth Management segment for providing financial
                                • Asset Management – reflects the activities of operating                 planning, investment advisory and related financial services.
                                  companies primarily focused on providing investment                     Revenues include financial advisory fees, investment
                                  management services, and represents the operations                      management and related administration fees, distribution
                                  of Mackenzie Investments. Investment management                         revenue associated with insurance and banking products and
                                                                                                          services, and revenue relating to mortgage lending activities.




                           22 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 6                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 6                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q4 2022 vs. Q4 2021

                                                                                                             Strategic Investments                  Intersegment
                                              Wealth Management               Asset Management                             & Other                   Eliminations                         Total
         Three months ended                     2022           2021            2022           2021             2022           2021          2022             2021           2022          2021
         ($ millions)                         Dec. 31        Dec. 31         Dec. 31        Dec. 31          Dec. 31        Dec. 31       Dec. 31          Dec. 31        Dec. 31       Dec. 31

         Revenues
          Wealth management               $    610.8     $    672.5      $         –    $         –      $         –    $        –    $     (4.6)      $      (5.0)   $    606.2    $    667.5

          Asset management                         –               –          260.5          296.8                 –             –         (27.3)           (30.0)         233.2         266.8
          Dealer compensation
          expense                                  –               –          (76.9)          (91.7)               –             –           4.5              5.0          (72.4)        (86.7)
          Net asset management                     –               –          183.6          205.1                 –             –         (22.8)           (25.0)         160.8         180.1

          Net investment income
          and other                              2.6             1.4            5.6             1.3              7.4            1.1             –                –          15.6           3.8
          Proportionate share of
          associates’ earnings                     –               –               –              –             65.4          50.7              –                –          65.4          50.7
                                               613.4          673.9           189.2          206.4              72.8          51.8         (27.4)           (30.0)         848.0         902.1
         Expenses
          Advisory and business
          development                          276.9         284.8             21.3            24.1                –             –              –                –         298.2         308.9
          Operations and support               121.3          115.9            90.9           88.3               0.4           1.3           (0.1)               –         212.5         205.5
          Sub-advisory                          44.6           49.5             1.0             1.6                –             –         (27.3)           (30.0)          18.3          21.1
                                               442.8          450.2           113.2          114.0               0.4           1.3         (27.4)           (30.0)         529.0         535.5
         Adjusted earnings before
         interest and taxes(1)                 170.6          223.7            76.0           92.4              72.4          50.5              –                –         319.0        366.6
         Interest expense(2)                    22.8           22.7             5.9             5.9                –             –              –                –          28.7          28.6
         Adjusted earnings before
         income taxes(1)                       147.8          201.0            70.1           86.5              72.4          50.5              –                –         290.3        338.0
         Income taxes                           39.7           53.8            18.8            21.2              4.8           1.5              –                –          63.3          76.5
         Adjusted net earnings(1)              108.1          147.2            51.3           65.3              67.6          49.0              –                –         227.0         261.5
         Non-controlling interest                0.2               –               –              –              2.1           0.7              –                –           2.3           0.7
         Adjusted net
         earnings available to
         common shareholders(1)           $    107.9     $    147.2      $     51.3     $     65.3       $      65.5    $     48.3    $         –      $         –         224.7         260.8
         Other items(1), net of tax
         Gain on sale of
         Personal Capital                                                                                                                                                      –            7.7
         Net earnings available to
         common shareholders                                                                                                                                          $    224.7    $    268.5
         (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
         (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.



         • Asset management revenue – revenues earned by the Asset                                           planning specialists; expenses associated with facilities,
           Management segment related to investment management                                               technology and training relating to our advisors and
           advisory and administrative services.                                                             specialists; other business development activities including
         • Dealer compensation – asset-based and sales-based                                                 direct marketing and advertising. A significant component
           compensation paid to dealers by the Asset                                                         of these expenses varies directly with levels of assets




                                                                                                                                                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC.
           Management segment.                                                                               under management or advisement, business development
         • Advisory and business development expenses – expenses                                             measures including sales and client acquisition, and the

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART C
           incurred on activities directly associated with providing                                         number of advisor and client relationships.
           financial planning services to clients of the Wealth                                          • Operations and support expenses – expenses associated
           Management segment and wholesale distribution activities                                        with business operations, including technology and business
           performed by the Asset Management segment. Expenses                                             processes; in-house investment management and product
           include compensation, recognition and other support                                             shelf management; corporate management and support
           provided to our advisors, field management, product &




                                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                                       23
                                                        P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     C 7




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 7                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Twelve Months Ended

                                                                                                                              Strategic Investments                      Intersegment
                                                                     Wealth Management             Asset Management                         & Other                       Eliminations                         Total
                                Twelve months ended                    2022          2021          2022          2021           2022           2021           2022                2021           2022          2021
                                ($ millions)                         Dec. 31       Dec. 31       Dec. 31       Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31             Dec. 31        Dec. 31       Dec. 31

                                Revenues
                                 Wealth management               $ 2,484.0     $ 2,572.9     $        –    $        –     $         –    $         –    $    (18.7)         $    (19.3)    $ 2,465.3     $ 2,553.6

                                 Asset management                         –             –        1,077.7       1,126.1              –              –        (111.7)             (114.6)         966.0        1,011.5
                                 Dealer compensation
                                 expense                                  –             –        (327.6)       (355.3)              –              –          18.7                19.3         (308.9)        (336.0)
                                 Net asset management                     –             –         750.1         770.8               –              –         (93.0)              (95.3)         657.1         675.5

                                 Net investment income
                                 and other                               4.1           3.6           5.7          5.8            14.6           2.7               (0.3)            (0.2)         24.1           11.9
                                 Proportionate share of
                                 associates’ earnings                     –             –             –             –           210.7         196.4                  –                –         210.7         196.4
                                                                     2,488.1       2,576.5        755.8         776.6           225.3         199.1         (112.0)             (114.8)        3,357.2       3,437.4
                                Expenses
                                 Advisory and business
                                 development                         1,126.1       1,089.3         79.4          88.7               –              –                 –                –        1,205.5       1,178.0
                                 Operations and support               476.9         466.1         358.4         335.6             4.9           4.9               (0.3)            (0.2)        839.9         806.4
                                 Sub-advisory                         181.9         189.7            4.9          6.9               –              –        (111.7)             (114.6)          75.1           82.0
                                                                     1,784.9       1,745.1        442.7         431.2             4.9           4.9         (112.0)             (114.8)        2,120.5       2,066.4
                                Adjusted earnings before
                                interest and taxes(1)                 703.2         831.4         313.1         345.4           220.4         194.2                  –                –        1,236.7       1,371.0
                                Interest expense(2)                    90.3          90.3          23.5          23.6               –              –                 –                –         113.8          113.9
                                Adjusted earnings before
                                income taxes(1)                       612.9          741.1        289.6         321.8           220.4         194.2                  –                –        1,122.9       1,257.1
                                Income taxes                          164.2         198.0          76.4          81.0             9.6           4.9               0.2                 –         250.4         283.9
                                Adjusted net earnings(1)              448.7         543.1         213.2         240.8           210.8         189.3               (0.2)               –         872.5         973.2
                                Non-controlling interest                 0.2            –             –             –             5.1           2.0                  –                –            5.3           2.0
                                Adjusted net
                                earnings available to
                                common shareholders(1)           $    448.5    $    543.1    $    213.2    $    240.8     $     205.7    $    187.3     $         (0.2)     $         –         867.2         971.2
                                Other items(1), net of tax
                                Gain on sale of
                                Personal Capital                                                                                                                                                    –            7.7
                                Net earnings available to
                                common shareholders                                                                                                                                        $    867.2    $    978.9

                                (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                                (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.



                                   functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,                             Income taxes are reported in each segment. IGM Financial
                                   technology and other service provider expenses.                                       consolidated changes in the effective tax rates are detailed
                                • Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to investment                           in Table 5.
                                  management services provided by third party or related
                                                                                                                         Tax planning may result in the Company recording lower
                                   party investment management organizations. These                                      levels of income taxes. Management monitors the status of its




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   fees typically are variable with the level of assets under
                                                                                                                         income tax filings and regularly assesses the overall adequacy

 PART C
                                   management. These fees include investment advisory                                    of its provision for income taxes and, as a result, income
                                   services performed for the Wealth Management segment
                                                                                                                         taxes recorded in prior years may be adjusted in the current
                                   by the Asset Management segment.                                                      year. The effect of changes in management’s best estimates
                                Interest expense represents interest expense on long-term                                reported in adjusted net earnings is reflected in Other, which
                                debt and leases. Interest expense is allocated to each segment                           also includes, but is not limited to, the effect of lower effective
                                based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity to service                              income tax rates on foreign operations.
                                the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.




                           24 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 8                                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 8                                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Table 4: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022

                                                                                                             Strategic Investments                      Intersegment
                                              Wealth Management               Asset Management                             & Other                       Eliminations                          Total
         Three months ended                     2022           2022            2022           2022             2022              2022          2022              2022           2022           2022
         ($ millions)                         Dec. 31        Sep. 30         Dec. 31        Sep. 30          Dec. 31           Sep. 30       Dec. 31           Sep. 30        Dec. 31        Sep. 30

         Revenues
          Wealth management               $    610.8     $    611.3      $         –    $         –      $         –      $         –    $     (4.6)       $      (4.5)   $    606.2    $ 606.8

          Asset management                         –               –          260.5          262.7                 –                –         (27.3)            (27.3)         233.2          235.4
          Dealer compensation
          expense                                  –               –          (76.9)          (77.5)               –                –           4.5               4.6          (72.4)          (72.9)
          Net asset management                     –               –          183.6           185.2                –                –         (22.8)            (22.7)         160.8          162.5

          Net investment income
          and other                              2.6             2.8            5.6             3.8              7.4              4.7               –             (0.2)         15.6            11.1
          Proportionate share of
          associates’ earnings                     –               –               –              –             65.4             46.9               –                –          65.4           46.9
                                               613.4          614.1           189.2          189.0              72.8             51.6         (27.4)            (27.4)         848.0          827.3
         Expenses
          Advisory and business
          development                          276.9          278.0            21.3            16.4                –                –               –                –         298.2          294.4
          Operations and support               121.3          118.5            90.9           86.0               0.4               1.1          (0.1)             (0.1)        212.5          205.5
          Sub-advisory                          44.6           44.0             1.0             1.2                –                –         (27.3)            (27.3)          18.3            17.9
                                               442.8         440.5            113.2          103.6               0.4               1.1        (27.4)            (27.4)         529.0          517.8
         Adjusted earnings before
         interest and taxes(1)                 170.6          173.6            76.0           85.4              72.4             50.5               –                –         319.0          309.5
         Interest expense(2)                    22.8           22.7             5.9             5.9                –                –               –                –          28.7           28.6
         Adjusted earnings before
         income taxes(1)                       147.8          150.9            70.1            79.5             72.4             50.5               –                –         290.3          280.9
         Income taxes                           39.7           40.5            18.8            21.0              4.8              2.4               –                –          63.3           63.9
         Adjusted net earnings(1)              108.1          110.4            51.3           58.5              67.6             48.1               –                –         227.0          217.0
         Non-controlling interest                0.2               –               –              –              2.1              0.9               –                –           2.3             0.9
         Adjusted net
         earnings available to
         common shareholders(1)           $    107.9     $    110.4      $     51.3     $     58.5       $      65.5      $      47.2    $          –      $         –         224.7          216.1
         Other items(1), net of tax                                                                                                                                                –                 –
         Net earnings available to
         common shareholders                                                                                                                                              $    224.7    $     216.1

         (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
         (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




         Table 5: Effective Income Tax Rate




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                               Three months ended                         Twelve months ended
                                                                                              2022                   2022                   2021                     2022                 2021

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C
                                                                                            Dec. 31                Sep. 30                Dec. 31                  Dec. 31              Dec. 31

         Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial
         statutory rates                                                                     26.61 %                   26.62 %               26.64 %                26.62 %              26.63 %
          Effect of:
             Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                      (5.51)                   (3.93)                (3.39)                  (4.50)                 (3.65)
             Other                                                                            0.70                      0.05                 (0.48)                   0.18                  (0.36)
         Effective income tax rate – net earnings                                            21.80 %                   22.74 %               22.77 %                22.30 %              22.62 %




                                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                                              25
                                                        P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                          C 9




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 9                                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Other items, as reflected in Tables 2 and 3, include the after-                              quarter of 2021 included a gain on sale of Personal Capital of
                                tax impact of any item that management considers to be of                                    $10.6 million ($7.7 million after-tax) resulting from additional
                                a non-recurring nature or that could make the period-over-                                   consideration receivable related to the sale of the Company’s
                                period comparison of results from operations less meaningful                                 equity interest in Personal Capital in 2020. There were no Other
                                and are not allocated to segments. Other items in the fourth                                 items in the periods under review as reflected in Tables 2, 3
                                                                                                                             and 4.




                                Table 6: Assets Under Management and Advisement

                                                                                                           Wealth Management             Asset Management(1)
                                                                                            IG Wealth               Investment                     Mackenzie              Intercompany
                                                                                          Management           Planning Counsel                  Investments                Eliminations (2)         Consolidated
                                                                                       2022       2021         2022           2021         2022          2021           2022         2021        2022       2021
                                ($ millions)                                         Dec. 31    Dec. 31      Dec. 31        Dec. 31      Dec. 31       Dec. 31        Dec. 31      Dec. 31     Dec. 31    Dec. 31

                                Three months ended
                                Gross flows
                                 Mutual fund gross sales(3)                      $    2,125 $     2,959 $       138 $          174 $       1,559 $      2,592 $            – $           – $    3,822 $    5,725
                                 Dealer gross inflows                                 3,031      3,437        1,157          1,509              –             –            –             –      4,188      4,946
                                Net flows
                                 Mutual fund net sales(3)                              (718)        457        (148)           (129)        (966)          512             –             –     (1,832)       840
                                 ETF net creations                                        –           –            –              –          134          245              –             –        134        245
                                 Investment fund net sales                             (718)        457        (148)           (129)        (832)         757              –             –     (1,698)     1,085
                                 Institutional SMA net sales(4)                           –           –            –              –         (135)         (576)            –             –       (135)      (576)
                                 Mackenzie net sales through
                                 Wealth Management                                      (18)         36          (33)            20             –             –           51           (56)         –          –
                                 IGM product net sales                                 (736)        493        (181)           (109)        (967)         181             51           (56)    (1,833)       509
                                 Other dealer net flows                               1,165         492         226            232              –             –            2             1      1,393        725
                                 Total net flows                                        429        985            45           123          (967)         181             53           (55)      (440)     1,234
                                Twelve months ended
                                Gross flows
                                 Mutual fund gross sales(3)                      $ 10,587 $ 11,845 $            621 $          774 $       7,496 $ 12,022 $                – $           – $ 18,704 $ 24,641
                                 Dealer gross inflows                                12,872     13,434        4,424          5,366              –             –            –             –     17,296     18,800
                                Net flows
                                 Mutual fund net sales(3)(5)                             43       1,813        (322)          (288)       (1,736)       3,908              –             –     (2,015)     5,433
                                 ETF net creations(6)                                     –           –            –              –          705        1,532              –             –        705      1,532
                                 Investment fund net sales                               43       1,813        (322)          (288)       (1,031)       5,440              –             –     (1,310)     6,965
                                 Institutional SMA net sales(4)                           –           –            –              –         (834)        (306)             –             –       (834)      (306)
                                 Mackenzie net sales through
                                 Wealth Management                                      (32)        431          (39)          180              –             –           71          (611)         –          –
                                 IGM product net sales                                   11      2,244         (361)           (108)      (1,865)       5,134             71          (611)    (2,144)     6,659
                                 Other dealer net flows                               2,679      1,440          616            596              –             –            6             6      3,301      2,042
                                 Total net flows                                      2,690      3,684          255            488        (1,865)       5,134             77         (605)      1,157      8,701




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                (1) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
                                (2) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.

 PART C
                                (3) IG Wealth Management and Investment Planning Counsel AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
                                (4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
                                    2022 Q1 – an institutional investor redeemed $291 million within products Mackenzie sub-advises.
                                    2021 Q2 – Mackenzie was awarded $680 million of sub-advisory wins.
                                    2021 Q4 – An institutional client re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities on mandate advised by Mackenzie totalling $667 million.
                                (5) During the twelve month period in 2021, institutional clients, which include Mackenzie mutual funds within their investment offerings, made fund allocation changes
                                    which resulted in redemptions and net redemptions of $361 million.
                                (6) ETFs – During the twelve month period of 2022, Wealthsimple made allocation changes which resulted in $675 million in purchases in Mackenzie ETFs.




                           26 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 10                                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 10                                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Total Assets Under                                                                               $7.0 billion in 2021. Net outflows in the fourth quarter of 2022
                                                                                                          were $440 million compared to net inflows of $1.2 billion in the
         Management and Advisement                                                                        fourth quarter of 2021, as detailed in Table 6. Fourth quarter
         Assets under management and advisement were                                                      investment fund net redemptions were $1.7 billion compared
         $249.4 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to                                                  to net sales of $1.1 billion in 2021. Net flows and net sales
         $277.1 billion at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 10.0%,                                        are based on assets under management and advisement
         as detailed in Table 6. Total assets under management                                            excluding sub-advisory assets to Canada Life and to the
         were $217.0 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to                                             Wealth Management segment.
         $245.3 billion at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 11.5%.
                                                                                                          The Company also benefits from the underlying assets under
         Net inflows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022                                        management of the Company’s investments in associates,
         were $1.2 billion compared to $8.7 billion in 2021, as detailed in                               including ChinaAMC and Northleaf. This AUM is not currently
         Table 6. Investment fund net redemptions for the twelve month                                    reported as the Company’s AUM&A.
         period were $1.3 billion in 2022 compared to net sales of




         Table 6: Assets Under Management and Advisement (continued)

                                                                                      Wealth Management              Asset Management
                                                                     IG Wealth                 Investment                    Mackenzie           Intercompany
                                                                   Management             Planning Counsel                 Investments             Eliminations (1)          Consolidated
                                                              2022          2021          2022             2021        2022      2021          2022         2021         2022       2021
         ($ millions)                                       Dec. 31       Dec. 31       Dec. 31          Dec. 31     Dec. 31   Dec. 31       Dec. 31      Dec. 31      Dec. 31    Dec. 31

         Assets under Management
         and Advisement
          Wealth Management(2)
              AUM                                        $ 99,275 $ 110,541 $            4,622 $          5,629                          $         – $          – $103,897 $ 116,170
              Mackenzie assets sold through
              Wealth Management                                 850           957        3,195            3,640                                    –            –       4,045      4,597
              Other AUA                                     10,691         8,059        21,730           23,808                                   (7)         (11)    32,414      31,856
              AUA                                          110,816       119,557        29,547           33,077                                   (7)         (11)    140,356    152,623
          Asset Management
              Mutual funds                                                                                         $ 54,434 $ 62,969                                  54,434      62,969
              ETFs                                                                                                    5,219     5,393                                   5,219      5,393
              Investment funds                                                                                       59,653    68,362                                 59,653      68,362
              Institutional SMA                                                                                       6,422      7,948                                  6,422      7,948
              Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                            47,023    52,805                                 47,023      52,805
              Total Institutional SMA                                                                                53,445    60,753                                 53,445      60,753
              Total ex sub-advisory to
              Wealth Management                                                                                     113,098    129,115                                113,098    129,115
              Sub-advisory to Wealth Management                                                                      73,514    81,228                                 73,514      81,228
              Total AUM                                                                                             186,612    210,343                                186,612    210,343
              ETFs
                Distributed to third parties                                                                          5,219     5,393                                   5,219      5,393
                Held within IGM managed products                                                                      7,176      7,281        (7,176)     (7,281)           –          –




                                                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                Total ETFs                                                                                          12,395     12,674         (7,176)     (7,281)       5,219      5,393


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C
          Consolidated
              AUM                                           99,275       110,541         4,622            5,629     186,612    210,343       (73,514)    (81,228)     216,995    245,285
              Mackenzie assets sold through
              Wealth Management                                 850           957        3,195            3,640           –         –         (4,045)     (4,597)           –          –
              Other AUA                                     10,691         8,059        21,730           23,808           –         –             (7)         (11)    32,414      31,856
              AUM&A                                        110,816       119,557        29,547           33,077     186,612    210,343       (77,566)    (85,836)     249,409    277,141
         (1) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
         (2) IG Wealth Management and Investment Planning Counsel AUM include separately managed accounts.




                                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                                 27
                                                        P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               C 11




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 11                                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                At December 31, 2022, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥                            $277.1 billion in 2021 and decreased to $249.4 billion in 2022.
                                1,721.6 billion ($337.6 billion) compared to RMB¥ 1,661.6 billion        Changes were driven largely by changes in financial markets
                                ($330.5 billion) at December 31, 2021, an increase of 3.6%               during the periods. Average total assets under management
                                (CAD$ 2.2%). IGM Financial held a 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC             and advisement for the year ended December 31, 2022 were
                                on December 31, 2022, which was increased to 27.8% on                    $255.2 billion compared to $259.7 billion in 2021. The impact on
                                January 12, 2023.                                                        earnings and revenues of changes in average total assets under
                                                                                                         management and advisement and other pertinent items are
                                At December 31, 2022, Northleaf’s AUM was $24.1 billion
                                                                                                         discussed in the Review of Segment Operating Results sections
                                compared to $19.5 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase
                                                                                                         of the MD&A for both IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie.
                                of 23.6%. IGM Financial holds a 56% economic interest
                                in Northleaf.                                                            Net earnings in future periods will largely be determined by the
                                                                                                         level of assets under management and advisement which will
                                Changes in assets under management for the Wealth
                                                                                                         continue to be influenced by global market conditions.
                                Management and Asset Management segments are discussed
                                further in each of their respective Review of the Business               Dividends per Common Share – Annual dividends per common
                                sections in the MD&A.                                                    share were $2.25 in 2022, unchanged from 2021 and 2020.


                                Selected Annual Information                                              Summary of Quarterly results
                                Financial information for the three most recently completed              The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 8 includes the
                                years is included in Table 7.                                            eight most recent quarters and the reconciliation of non-IFRS
                                                                                                         financial measures to net earnings in accordance with IFRS.
                                Net Earnings and Earnings per Share – Except as noted in the
                                reconciliation in Table 7, variations in net earnings and total          Changes in average daily investment fund assets under
                                revenues result primarily from changes in average assets under           management over the eight most recent quarters, as shown in
                                management and advisement. Assets under management                       Table 8, largely reflect the impact of changes in domestic and
                                and advisement were $240.0 billion in 2020, increased to                 foreign markets and net sales of the Company.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 PART C




                           28 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 12                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 12                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Table 7: Selected Annual Information

                                                                                                                                      2022           2021            2020

         Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
         Revenues
            Wealth management                                                                                            $      2,465.3       $   2,553.6     $   2,259.6
            Net asset management                                                                                                     657.1          675.5           529.8
            Net investment income and other                                                                                           24.1           11.9            11.0
            Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                              210.7          196.4           147.0
                                                                                                                                3,357.2           3,437.4         2,947.4
         Expenses                                                                                                               2,234.3           2,180.3         1,973.4
                                                                                                                                1,122.9            1,257.1          974.0
         Gain on sale of Personal Capital                                                                                                –           10.6            37.2
         Gain on sale of Quadrus Group of Funds net of acquisition costs                                                                 –               –           25.2
         Proportionate share of associate’s adjustments                                                                                  –               –            3.4
         Restructuring and other                                                                                                         –               –          (74.5)
         Earnings before income taxes                                                                                           1,122.9           1,267.7           965.3
         Income taxes                                                                                                                250.4          286.8           200.7
         Net earnings                                                                                                                872.5          980.9           764.6
         Non-controlling interest                                                                                                     (5.3)           (2.0)          (0.2)
         Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                   $           867.2    $     978.9     $     764.4
         Reconciliation of Non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
         Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                       $           867.2    $     971.2     $     762.9
         Other items:
            Gain on sale of Personal Capital, net of tax                                                                                 –             7.7           31.4
            Gain on sale of Quadrus Group of Funds net of acquisition costs, net of tax                                                  –               –           21.4
            Proportionate share of associate’s adjustments                                                                               –               –            3.4
            Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                                          –               –          (54.7)
         Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                   $           867.2    $     978.9     $     764.4
         Earnings per share ($)
            Adjusted earnings per share (1)
            – Basic                                                                                                      $            3.64    $      4.07     $      3.20
            – Diluted                                                                                                                 3.63           4.05            3.20
            Earnings per share
            – Basic                                                                                                                   3.64           4.10            3.21
            – Diluted                                                                                                                 3.63           4.08            3.21
         Dividends per share ($)
            Common                                                                                                       $            2.25    $      2.25     $      2.25
         Average assets under management and advisement ($ billions)
            Investment fund assets under management                                                                      $           168.9    $     173.4     $     161.7
            Total assets under management                                                                                            224.6          231.4           168.5
            Total assets under management and advisement                                                                             255.2          259.7           191.2
         Ending assets under management and advisement ($ billions)
            Investment fund assets under management                                                                      $           163.6    $     184.5     $     159.5
            Total assets under management                                                                                            217.0          245.3           214.0
            Total assets under management and advisement                                                                             249.4          277.1           240.0
         Total corporate assets ($ millions)                                                                             $       18,873       $    17,661     $    16,062




                                                                                                                                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         Total long-term debt ($ millions)                                                                               $           2,100    $     2,100     $     2,100
         Outstanding common shares (thousands)                                                                                  237,668           239,679         238,308

                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C
         Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                                       238,996           240,019         238,307

         (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                   29
                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C 13




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 13                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 8: Summary of Quarterly Results

                                                                                                               2022          2022          2022          2022           2021        2021        2021        2021
                                                                                                                 Q4            Q3            Q2            Q1             Q4          Q3          Q2          Q1

                                Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
                                Revenues
                                 Wealth management                                                      $    606.2 $ 606.8 $              611.1 $      641.2 $         667.5 $     655.0 $     627.6 $    603.5

                                 Asset management                                                            233.2          235.4         241.6        255.8          266.8        263.4      248.3       233.0
                                 Dealer compensation expense                                                  (72.4)         (72.9)       (77.4)        (86.2)         (86.7)      (85.9)      (82.7)      (80.7)
                                 Net asset management                                                        160.8          162.5         164.2        169.6           180.1       177.5       165.6       152.3

                                 Net investment income and other                                               15.6           11.1          (0.6)        (2.0)           3.8         2.5         2.5         3.1
                                 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                   65.4          46.9           50.0         48.4           50.7        55.9        48.2        41.6
                                                                                                             848.0          827.3         824.7        857.2           902.1      890.9       843.9       800.5
                                Expenses
                                 Advisory and business development                                           298.2          294.4        303.8         309.1          308.9       294.0        291.1      284.0
                                 Operations and support                                                      212.5          205.5        206.4         215.5           205.5       197.6       196.8      206.5
                                 Sub-advisory                                                                  18.3           17.9         18.3          20.6           21.1        20.7        20.4        19.8
                                 Interest (1)                                                                  28.7           28.6         28.4          28.1           28.6        28.7        28.5        28.1
                                                                                                             557.7          546.4         556.9        573.3           564.1       541.0      536.8       538.4
                                Earnings before undernoted                                                   290.3          280.9         267.8        283.9          338.0        349.9       307.1       262.1
                                Gain on sale of Personal Capital                                                  –              –             –             –          10.6           –           –           –
                                Earnings before income taxes                                                 290.3          280.9         267.8        283.9          348.6        349.9       307.1       262.1
                                Income taxes                                                                   63.3           63.9         59.4          63.8           79.4        78.4        69.3        59.7
                                Net earnings                                                                 227.0          217.0         208.4        220.1           269.2       271.5       237.8       202.4
                                Non-controlling interest                                                        2.3            0.9           1.3          0.8            0.7         0.7         0.4         0.2
                                Net earnings available to common shareholders                           $    224.7 $        216.1 $       207.1 $      219.3 $        268.5 $      270.8 $     237.4 $    202.2
                                Reconciliation of Non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
                                Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)               $    224.7 $        216.1 $       207.1 $      219.3 $        260.8 $      270.8 $     237.4 $    202.2
                                Other items:
                                 Gain on sale of Personal Capital, net of tax ($2.9 million)                      –              –             –             –           7.7           –           –           –
                                Net earnings available to common shareholders                           $    224.7 $        216.1 $       207.1 $      219.3 $        268.5 $      270.8 $     237.4 $    202.2
                                Earnings per Share ($)
                                Adjusted earnings per share(2)
                                 – Basic                                                                $      0.95 $         0.91 $       0.87 $        0.91 $         1.09 $      1.13 $      0.99 $      0.85
                                 – Diluted                                                                     0.94           0.91         0.87          0.91           1.08        1.13        0.99        0.85
                                Earnings per share
                                 – Basic                                                                       0.95           0.91         0.87          0.91           1.12        1.13        0.99        0.85
                                 – Diluted                                                                     0.94           0.91         0.87          0.91           1.11        1.13        0.99        0.85
                                Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                            237,958       237,808      239,242       241,251         241,443     240,575     239,821     238,474
                                Average assets under management and advisement ($ billions)
                                 Investment fund assets under management                                $    163.3 $        164.3 $       169.3 $      179.0 $         181.9 $     178.6 $     170.2 $     162.7
                                 Total assets under management                                               216.5          217.3        225.2         238.4           241.9      238.3        227.8       217.6
                                 Assets under management and advisement                                      247.8          247.2         255.3        269.5           272.0       267.4      255.4        243.9
                                Ending assets under management and advisement ($ billions)
                                 Investment fund assets under management                                $    163.6 $        157.6 $       160.2 $      178.5 $         184.5 $     176.8 $     174.4 $     165.5
                                 Total assets under management                                               217.0          208.7         213.1         237.1          245.3      236.2       233.6        221.6




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 Assets under management and advisement                                      249.4          238.1         242.1        268.3           277.1      265.2        262.0      248.5



 PART C
                                (1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
                                (2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                           30 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 14                                                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 14                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Wealth Management
         The Wealth Management segment consists of both IG Wealth                               • Other financial planning revenues are fees related
         Management (IG) and Investment Planning Counsel, Inc. (IPC).                             to providing clients other financial products including
                                                                                                  mortgages, insurance and banking products.
         Wealth Management revenue consists of:
         • Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice to                           Sub-advisory fees are paid between segments and to third
           clients including fees related to the distribution of products                       parties for investment management services provided to our
            and depend largely on the level and composition of assets                           investment products. Wealth Management is considered a
            under advisement.                                                                   client of the Asset Management segment and transfer pricing is
                                                                                                based on values for similar sized asset management mandates.
         • Product and program fees are related to the management
           of investment products and include management,                                       Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
            administration and other related fees and depend largely                            segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
            on the level and composition of assets under management.                            to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                                                                                Income taxes are also reported in each segment.




         Review of the Business
         IG Wealth Management, founded in 1926, is a leading wealth                             process that is typically complicated and costly. IG Wealth
         management company in Canada that focuses on providing                                 Management has collaborated with industry leading investment
         comprehensive personal financial planning to Canadians.                                managers at Mackenzie and BlackRock Asset Management to
                                                                                                deliver these suites of diversified investment solutions that
         Investment Planning Counsel, founded in 1996, is an
                                                                                                will offer Canadians new and innovative ways to meet their
         independent distributor of financial products, services
                                                                                                financial goals.
         and advice in Canada, with 653 advisors.
                                                                                                IG Wealth Management and Nesto Inc. (nesto) have entered into
         The Wealth Management segment provides a comprehensive
                                                                                                a strategic agreement to have nesto provide next generation
         planning approach, through IG Wealth Management and IPC
                                                                                                white label mortgage services to IG Wealth Management clients
         advisors, by offering a broad range of financial products
                                                                                                across Canada through its Mortgage Cloud solution. The
         and services.
                                                                                                initiative is part of IG Wealth Management’s ongoing strategy to
         The review of the business in the Wealth Management section                            transform its business and follows the firm’s modernization of
         primarily relates to IG Wealth Management as it represents 98%                         its investment management and financial planning platforms.
         of adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of
                                                                                                nesto’s Mortgage Cloud solution will be integrated into
         the total segment.
                                                                                                IG Wealth Management’s mortgage solutions business. It will
                                                                                                allow IG Wealth Management advisors to provide clients with
         2022 Developments                                                                      an enhanced mortgage experience through:

         In April 2022, IG Wealth Management launched two new                                   • an online application process
         suites of products, consisting of a total of eight funds.                              • quick turnaround times
         IG U.S. Taxpayer Portfolios (Portfolios) offer investors a




                                                                                                                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                • live tracking and regular status updates
         comprehensive investment solution that help simplify tax                               • dynamic tools such as the ability to upload mortgage

                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C
         reporting for Canadian residents who pay taxes in the U.S.                               documents using a mobile device.
         The second suite, IG Mackenzie U.S. Dollar Funds (Funds),
         is designed for investors who are seeking to invest in U.S.                            IG Wealth Management and nesto will begin offering the
         dollar investments. The new Funds will provide clients with                            newly integrated mortgage services on nesto Mortgage
         comprehensive diversification for their U.S. dollars and the new                       Cloud solution in 2023.
         Portfolios have been designed to help simplify a tax reporting




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                 31
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C 15




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 15                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                IG Wealth Management                                                   Financial Advice
                                IG Wealth Management is one of the largest independent                 Our advisors focus on providing financial advice which is the
                                financial planning firms in Canada, with advisors in every             value of all efforts that sit outside the investment portfolio
                                community from coast to coast. We are driven by our mission            construction. This includes the value that an advisor adds to
                                to inspire financial confidence that can transform the lives of        a client relationship and comes from the creation and follow
                                our clients and their families and we are deeply committed to          through of a well-constructed financial plan.
                                improving financial literacy in the communities where we work
                                                                                                       Advisors
                                and live.
                                                                                                       IG Wealth Management has a national distribution network of
                                Our exclusive network is comprised of 3,235 advisors.                  more than 3,000 advisors in communities throughout Canada.
                                IG Wealth Management clients are more than one million                 Our advisory services are most suited to individuals with
                                individuals, families and business owners.                             complicated financial needs.
                                Canadians hold $6.5 trillion in discretionary financial assets         IG Wealth provides advice through two primary channels:
                                with financial institutions at December 31, 2021, based on
                                                                                                       • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are focused
                                the most recent report from Investor Economics, and we
                                                                                                         on the high net worth and mass affluent segments of the
                                view these savings as IG Wealth Management’s addressable
                                                                                                         market, which we define as households with over $1 million
                                market. 77% of these savings are held by households with
                                                                                                         and between $100 thousand and $1 million, respectively.
                                over $1 million, which are referred to as high net worth, and
                                                                                                       • IG Wealth Management has a National Service Centre
                                another 20% reside with households with between $100,000
                                                                                                         focused on supporting approximately 240,000 clients
                                and $1 million, which are referred to as mass affluent. These
                                                                                                         with less complex requirements, while allowing our
                                segments tend to have more complicated financial needs, and
                                                                                                         entrepreneurial advisor practices to focus on those clients
                                IG Wealth Management’s focus on providing comprehensive
                                                                                                         with more complex needs.
                                financial planning solutions positions it well to compete and
                                grow in these segments.                                                Our entrepreneurial advisor network creates a competitive
                                                                                                       advantage and drives client engagement with a focus on

                                Strategy                                                               comprehensive financial planning and product solutions. Our
                                                                                                       advantage is further enabled by hiring top quality advisors,
                                IG Wealth Management’s promise is to inspire financial                 increasing proficiency, improving technology, implementing a
                                confidence.                                                            client segmentation approach and enhancing a strong brand.
                                IG Wealth has a client-centric strategy with a focus on high           Assets under advisement consists of the following:
                                net worth (HNW) and mass affluent client segments, which
                                                                                                       • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million
                                we define as households with over $1 million and between
                                                                                                         (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled $37.7 billion at
                                $100 thousand and $1 million, respectively.
                                                                                                         December 31, 2022, a decrease of 13.3% from one year ago,
                                IG Wealth Management is committed to increasing the financial            and represented 34% of total assets under advisement.
                                confidence of all Canadians by leveraging our people, expertise        • Clients with household assets between $100 thousand
                                and resources because we believe it will help create stronger            and $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled
                                communities and a better future for all.                                 $63.6 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 4.4% from
                                                                                                         one year ago, and represented 57% of total assets under
                                We believe that Canadians deserve a high standard of advice
                                                                                                         advisement.
                                that takes into consideration all dimensions of their financial
                                lives with financial plans tailored to meet and adapt to               • Clients with household assets less than $100 thousand
                                their needs.                                                             (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $9.5 billion at
                                                                                                         December 31, 2022, a decrease of 0.6% from one year ago,
                                Our strategic mandate is to be Canada’s financial partner                and represented 9% of total assets under advisement.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                of choice.
                                                                                                       IG Wealth Management advisor practices are industry leaders

 PART C
                                We achieve our strategic mandate by focusing on providing              in holding a credentialed financial planning designation. These
                                comprehensive financial advice and well-constructed                    designations are nationally recognized financial planning
                                investment solutions designed to deliver returns and risks             qualifications that require an individual to demonstrate
                                that take into account each client’s needs and requirements.           financial planning competence through education, standardized
                                                                                                       examinations, continuing education requirements, and
                                                                                                       accountability to ethical standards.




                           32 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 16                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 16                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth                                    of a client’s financial life. Clients are served by our mutual fund
         Management advisor network into its significant components                             licensed and securities licensed advisors and specialists.
         at December 31, 2022:
                                                                                                Client Experiences
         • 1,741 advisor practices (1,761 at December 31, 2021), which
           reflect advisors with more than four years of experience.                            IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from our
           These practices may include associates as described                                  competition by offering comprehensive planning to our
           below. The level and productivity of advisor practices is a                          clients that synchronize every aspect of their financial life.
           key measurement of our business as they serve clientele                              IG Wealth Management serves approximately one million
           representing approximately 96% of AUM.                                               clients located in communities throughout Canada. A primary
                                                                                                focus is on advising and attracting high net worth and mass
         • 333 new advisors (380 at December 31, 2021), which are
                                                                                                affluent clients.
           those advisors with less than four years of experience.
         • 1,161 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,137 at                              For the distinct needs of the high net worth market, we offer
           December 31, 2021). Associates are licensed team members                             IG Private Wealth Management which includes investment
           of advisor practices who provide financial planning services                         management, retirement, tax and estate planning services.
           and advice to the clientele served by the team.
                                                                                                IG Living Plan™ allows clients to collaborate with an IG advisor
         • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network of                                  through an enhanced digital experience to develop and track
           3,235 (3,278 at December 31, 2021).                                                  a financial plan which is unique to each client’s goals.
         IG Wealth uses advisor productivity as a key performance                               IG Wealth Management has a full range of products that allow
         measure in evaluating its advisor network. The productivity is                         us to provide a tailored IG Living Plan that evolves over time.
         measured based on gross inflows per advisor and is monitored                           These products include:
         for both advisor recruits with less than 4 years experience and
                                                                                                • Powerful financial solutions that include investment vehicles
         advisor practices with greater than 4 years experience.
                                                                                                  that match risk and investment performance to each client’s
         • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.66 million per                             needs and requirements.
           advisor in Q4 2022 compared to $0.60 million per advisor
                                                                                                • Insurance products that include a variety of policy types
           in the comparative period of 2021.
                                                                                                  from the leading insurers in Canada.
         • The advisory practice gross inflows were $1.49 million per
                                                                                                • Mortgage and banking solutions that are offered as part
           practice compared to $1.69 million in the comparative period
                                                                                                  of a comprehensive financial plan.
           of 2021.
                                                                                                The Charitable Giving Program is a donor-advised giving
         Key initiatives that impact advisor productivity are:
                                                                                                program which enables Canadians to make donations and
         • Elimination of DSC in 2017 which removed competitive                                 build an enduring charitable giving legacy with considerably
           impediment.                                                                          less expense and complexity than setting up and administering
         • Tightened recruiting standards that increased the likelihood                         their own private foundation.
           of success while also enhancing our culture and brand.
                                                                                                The IG Advisory Account is a fee-based account that improves
         • National Service Centre that provides consistent service
                                                                                                client experience by offering the ability to simplify and
           levels to clients with less complex needs and creates capacity
                                                                                                consolidate selected investments into a single account while
           for advisors.
                                                                                                providing all our clients with a transparent advisory fee.
         • Product and pricing enhancements with a focus on the high                            IGAA accounts increase fee transparency and can hold most
           net worth and mass affluent segments.                                                securities and investment products available in the marketplace
         • Continued technology enhancements such as the Advisor                                to individual investors.
           Desktop powered by Salesforce.
         • IG Living PlanTM and other client experience enhancements.                           Financial Solutions




                                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         • Digital application to deliver tailored client investment
                                                                                                IG Wealth Management strives to achieve expected investment
           proposals (powered by CapIntel).

                                                                                                                                                                                               PART C
                                                                                                returns for the lowest possible risk through well-constructed
         We also support advisors and clients through our network of                            investment portfolios, and to create value for clients through
         product and planning specialists, who assist in the areas of                           active management. To do this, we select and engage
         advanced financial planning, mortgages and banking, insurance,                         high-quality sub-advisors so our clients have access to a diverse
         and securities. These specialists help to ensure that we are                           range of investment products and solutions. Each asset manager
         providing comprehensive financial planning across all elements                         is selected through a proven and rigorous process. We oversee
                                                                                                all sub-advisors to ensure that their activities are consistent




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                    33
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  C 17




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 17                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                with their investment philosophies and with the investment                 iProfile Active Allocation Private Pools, iProfile Alternatives
                                objectives and strategies of the products they advise.                     Private Pool with mandates including long-short, global
                                                                                                           macro and global equity hedge strategies, iProfile ETF Private
                                Our investment solutions leverage top global asset manager
                                                                                                           Pool providing exposure through exchange traded funds
                                relationships including Mackenzie Investments and other
                                                                                                           (ETF) and iProfile Low Volatility Private Pool with Canadian,
                                world class investment firms such as Fidelity Investments
                                                                                                           U.S., International and Emerging Market geographic coverage.
                                Canada, T. Rowe Price, Sagard, Beutel Goodman Investment
                                Counsel, PanAgora, PIMCO, Northleaf, BristolGate Capital                • Segregated funds that provide for long-term investment
                                Partners, Aristotle Capital Boston, Putnam Investments,                   growth potential combined with risk management, benefit
                                Franklin Templeton Investments, Wellington Management,                    guarantee features and estate planning efficiencies.
                                Rockefeller Asset Management, JP Morgan Asset Management,               • Separately managed accounts (discretionary dealer-
                                BlackRock, ClearBridge Investments, 1832 Asset Management,                managed accounts).
                                and ChinaAMC.                                                           We have incorporated investments in private assets with
                                We provide clients with an extensive suite of well-constructed          the introduction of a Private Credit Mandate in the iProfile
                                and competitively priced financial solutions that incorporate           Fixed Income Private Pool. The pool has committed to
                                public and private market investments as well as alternative            three Northleaf Capital Partners’ private credit investments
                                investment strategies. We regularly enhance the scope and               that focus on loans to middle market companies in North
                                diversity of our investment offering with new funds and                 America and Europe, as well as to investments managed by
                                product changes that enable clients to achieve their goals.             BlackRock, PIMCO and Sagard. We have also introduced Private
                                We believe that well-constructed managed solutions provide              Investment Mandates into both the iProfile Canadian Equity
                                advisors with the best opportunity to focus on providing                Private Pool and the iProfile U.S. Equity Private Pool. Both of
                                financial advice to their clients.                                      these mandates intend to provide investors with enhanced
                                                                                                        diversification and long-term capital appreciation through
                                We provide portfolio construction with investment
                                                                                                        exposure to investments in privately held companies. The
                                solutions that include public markets, private markets
                                                                                                        iProfile Canadian Equity Private Pool has currently made a
                                and alternative strategies.
                                                                                                        commitment to the Northleaf Growth Fund and the iProfile U.S.
                                Our investment solutions include:                                       Equity Private Pool has made a commitment to the Northleaf
                                • A deep and broad selection of mutual funds, diversified               Capital Opportunities Fund.
                                  by manager, asset category, investment style, geography,              In support of the global goal to reach net zero by 2050,
                                  market capitalization and sector.                                     IG Wealth Management is a founding Signatory to Responsible
                                • Managed solutions that rebalance investments to ensure                Investment Association’s Canadian Investor Statement
                                  that a chosen mix of investments and risk and return is               on Climate Change. To support this initiative, IG Wealth
                                  maintained. These solutions include IG Core Portfolios,               Management clients can invest in the IG Climate Action
                                  IG Managed Payout Portfolios, Investors Portfolios,                   Portfolios which is a suite of four diversified managed solutions.
                                  IG Climate Action Portfolios, IG U.S. Taxpayer Portfolios
                                                                                                        IG Wealth Management monitors its investment performance
                                  and IG Managed Risk Portfolios.
                                                                                                        by comparing to certain benchmarks. Morningstar † fund
                                • iProfile™ Portfolios – iProfile Portfolios are a suite of             ranking service is one of the rankings monitored when
                                  four managed solutions that provide comprehensive                     determining fund performance.
                                  diversification and are designed to suit personal preferences
                                  for risk tolerance and investment goals. These portfolios             At December 31, 2022, 84.0% of IG Wealth Management
                                  provide exposure similar to the investments of the iProfile           mutual fund assets had a rating of three stars or better from
                                  Private Pools.                                                        Morningstar † fund ranking service and 55.4% had a rating of
                                                                                                        four or five stars. This compared to the Morningstar † universe
                                • iProfile™ Private Portfolios – iProfile Private Portfolios are
                                                                                                        of 84.0% for three stars or better and 53.3% for four and five
                                  model portfolios comprised of iProfile Private Pools,




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                        star funds at December 31, 2022. Morningstar Ratings† are an
                                  available for households with investments held at IG Wealth
                                                                                                        objective, quantitative measure of a fund’s three, five and ten

 PART C
                                  Management in excess of $250,000. iProfile Private Portfolios
                                                                                                        year risk-adjusted performance relative to comparable funds.
                                  have been designed to deliver strong risk-adjusted returns
                                  by diversifying across asset classes, management styles
                                  and geographic regions. Recent enhancements include the
                                  launch of new discretionary model portfolios and six new
                                  iProfile Private Pools to support the new models: three




                           34 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 18                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 18                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Wealth Management Assets                                                               IG Wealth Management Assets
         Under Management and Advisement                                                        Under Management and Advisement
         Assets under management and advisement are key                                         Assets under advisement (AUA) are a key performance
         performance indicators for the Wealth Management segment.                              indicator for IG Wealth Management. AUA represents savings
                                                                                                and investment products, including assets under management
         Wealth Management’s assets under advisement were
                                                                                                where we provide investment management services, that
         $140.4 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 8.0% from
                                                                                                are held within our clients’ accounts. Advisory fees are
         December 31, 2021. The level of assets under advisement are
                                                                                                charged based on an annual percentage of substantially all
         influenced by three factors: client inflows, client outflows and
                                                                                                AUA, through the IG Advisory Account fee, and represent the
         investment returns.
                                                                                                majority of the fees earned from our clients. Our advisors’
         Wealth Management’s assets under management were                                       compensation is also based on AUA and net assets contributed
         $103.9 billion, a decrease of 10.6% from December 31, 2021.                            by our clients.
         The level of assets under management are influenced by sales,
                                                                                                Assets under advisement were $110.8 billion at December 31,
         redemptions and investment returns.
                                                                                                2022, a decrease of 7.3% from December 31, 2021, and mutual
         Changes in Wealth Management assets under advisement and                               fund assets under management were $99.3 billion, a decrease
         assets under management for the periods under review are                               of 10.2%.
         reflected in Tables 9 and 10.
                                                                                                Changes in IG Wealth Management assets under advisement
                                                                                                and management for the periods under review are reflected
                                                                                                in Tables 11 and 12.



         Table 9: Change in Assets Under Advisement – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                Change
         Three months ended                                                                               2022           2022           2021           2022       2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                   Dec. 31        Sep. 30        Dec. 31        Sep. 30    Dec. 31

         Gross client inflows                                                                      $     4,188    $     3,655    $     4,946           14.6 %    (15.3)%
         Gross client outflows                                                                           3,712          3,209          3,837           15.7        (3.3)
         Net flows                                                                                         476           446           1,109            6.7       (57.1)
         Investment returns                                                                              6,571         (1,296)         6,052           N/M         8.6
         Net change in assets                                                                            7,047           (850)         7,161           N/M         (1.6)
         Beginning assets                                                                              133,309        134,159        145,462            (0.6)      (8.4)
         Ending assets under advisement                                                            $ 140,356      $ 133,309      $ 152,623              5.3 %      (8.0)%
          IG Wealth Management                                                                         110,816        105,029        119,557            5.5        (7.3)
          Investment Planning Counsel                                                                   29,547         28,286         33,077            4.5      (10.7)
         Average assets under advisement                                                           $ 139,155      $ 137,793      $ 149,702              1.0 %      (7.0)%
          IG Wealth Management                                                                         109,638        108,549        117,379            1.0        (6.6)
          Investment Planning Counsel                                                                   29,524         29,251         32,334            0.9        (8.7)

         Twelve months ended                                                                                                            2022           2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                                                 Dec. 31        Dec. 31    Change

         Gross client inflows                                                                                                    $    17,296    $   18,800         (8.0)%
         Gross client outflows                                                                                                        14,345         14,622        (1.9)
         Net flows                                                                                                                     2,951          4,178      (29.4)
         Investment returns                                                                                                          (15,218)        15,862       N/M




                                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         Net change in assets                                                                                                        (12,267)       20,040        N/M


                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C
         Beginning assets                                                                                                            152,623        132,583       15.1
         Ending assets under advisement                                                                                          $ 140,356      $ 152,623          (8.0)%
          IG Wealth Management                                                                                                       110,816        119,557        (7.3)
          Investment Planning Counsel                                                                                                 29,547        33,077       (10.7)
         Average assets under advisement                                                                                         $ 141,530      $ 142,867          (0.9)%
          IG Wealth Management                                                                                                       111,271        111,880        (0.5)
          Investment Planning Counsel                                                                                                 30,268         30,997        (2.4)




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                          35
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        C 19




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 19                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 10: Change in Assets Under Management – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                              Change
                                Three months ended                                                               2022             2022                2021           2022       2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                   Dec. 31          Sep. 30             Dec. 31        Sep. 30    Dec. 31

                                Sales                                                                     $     2,263      $     2,097         $     3,133            7.9 %    (27.8)%
                                Redemptions                                                                     3,129            2,541               2,805           23.1       11.6
                                Net sales (redemptions)                                                          (866)            (444)                328          (95.0)      N/M
                                Investment returns                                                              4,728              (759)             3,788           N/M        24.8
                                Net change in assets                                                            3,862            (1,203)             4,116           N/M         (6.2)
                                Beginning assets                                                              100,035          101,238             112,054            (1.2)    (10.7)
                                Ending assets under management                                            $ 103,897        $ 100,035           $ 116,170              3.9 %    (10.6)%
                                 IG Wealth Management                                                          99,275          95,460              110,541            4.0      (10.2)
                                 Investment Planning Counsel                                                    4,622            4,575               5,629            1.0       (17.9)
                                Daily average mutual fund assets                                          $ 103,867        $ 103,874           $ 115,115                –%       (9.8)%
                                 IG Wealth Management                                                          99,208           99,128             109,521            0.1        (9.4)
                                 Investment Planning Counsel                                                    4,659            4,746               5,594            (1.8)    (16.7)

                                Twelve months ended                                                                                                   2022           2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                                                        Dec. 31        Dec. 31    Change

                                Sales                                                                                                          $    11,208    $    12,619       (11.2)%
                                Redemptions                                                                                                         11,487         11,094        3.5
                                Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                               (279)         1,525       N/M
                                Investment returns                                                                                                 (11,994)        11,612       N/M
                                Net change in assets                                                                                               (12,273)        13,137       N/M
                                Beginning assets                                                                                                   116,170        103,033       12.8
                                Ending assets under management                                                                                 $ 103,897      $ 116,170        (10.6)%
                                 IG Wealth Management                                                                                               99,275        110,541      (10.2)
                                 Investment Planning Counsel                                                                                         4,622          5,629       (17.9)
                                Daily average mutual fund assets                                                                               $ 106,768      $ 110,445          (3.3)%
                                 IG Wealth Management                                                                                              101,859        104,962        (3.0)
                                 Investment Planning Counsel                                                                                         4,909          5,483      (10.5)



                                For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, gross client                 resulted in a decrease of $11.4 billion in assets under
                                inflows of IG Wealth Management assets under advisement               advisement compared to an increase of $12.6 billion in 2021.
                                were $3.0 billion, a decrease of 11.8% from $3.4 billion in
                                                                                                      Changes in mutual fund assets under management for the
                                the comparable period in 2021. Gross client inflows in 2022
                                                                                                      periods under review are reflected in Table 12.
                                were the second highest fourth quarter results in IG Wealth
                                Management’s history. Net client inflows were $429 million,           At December 31, 2022, $76.7 billion, or 77% of IG Wealth
                                a decrease of 56.4% from net client inflows of $985 million           Management’s mutual fund assets under management, were
                                in the comparable period in 2021. During the fourth quarter,          in products with unbundled fee structures, down 1.4% from
                                investment returns resulted in an increase of $5.4 billion            $77.8 billion at December 31, 2021 which represented 70%
                                in assets under advisement compared to an increase of                 of assets under management.
                                $4.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021.

                                Gross client inflows of IG Wealth Management assets under             Change in Assets Under Management
                                advisement were $12.9 billion for the twelve months ended             and Advisement – 2022 vs. 2021




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                December 31, 2022, and represented a decrease of 4.2%                 IG Wealth Management’s assets under advisement were

 PART C
                                from $13.4 billion in the comparable period in 2021. Gross            $110.8 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 7.3% from
                                client inflows in 2022 were the second highest annual                 $119.6 billion at December 31, 2021. IG Wealth Management’s
                                results in IG Wealth Management’s history. Net client inflows         mutual fund assets under management were $99.3 billion at
                                were $2.7 billion in the twelve month period, a decrease              December 31, 2022, representing a decrease of 10.2% from
                                of $1.0 billion from net client inflows of $3.7 billion in the        $110.5 billion at December 31, 2021. Average daily mutual
                                comparable period in 2021. During 2022, investment returns            fund assets were $99.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022,




                           36 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 20                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 20                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Table 11: Change in Assets Under Advisement – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                Change
         Three months ended                                                                              2022           2022           2021           2022        2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                  Dec. 31        Sep. 30        Dec. 31        Sep. 30     Dec. 31

         Gross client inflows                                                                     $     3,031    $     2,773    $     3,437            9.3 %      (11.8)%
         Gross client outflows                                                                          2,602          2,367          2,452            9.9         6.1
         Net flows                                                                                        429           406             985            5.7       (56.4)
         Investment returns                                                                             5,358           (851)         4,614           N/M         16.1
         Net change in assets                                                                           5,787           (445)         5,599           N/M          3.4
         Beginning assets                                                                             105,029        105,474        113,958            (0.4)       (7.8)
         Ending assets                                                                            $ 110,816      $ 105,029      $ 119,557              5.5 %       (7.3)%
         Daily average assets under advisement                                                    $ 109,638      $ 108,549      $ 117,379              1.0 %       (6.6)%

         Twelve months ended                                                                                                           2022           2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                                                Dec. 31        Dec. 31     Change

         Gross client inflows                                                                                                   $    12,872    $    13,434         (4.2)%
         Gross client outflows                                                                                                       10,182          9,750         4.4
         Net flows                                                                                                                    2,690          3,684       (27.0)
         Investment returns                                                                                                         (11,431)        12,600        N/M
         Net change in assets                                                                                                        (8,741)        16,284        N/M
         Beginning assets                                                                                                           119,557        103,273        15.8
         Ending assets                                                                                                          $ 110,816      $ 119,557           (7.3)%
         Average assets under advisement                                                                                        $ 111,271      $ 111,880           (0.5)%


         Table 12: Change in Assets Under Management – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                Change
         Three months ended                                                                              2022           2022           2021           2022        2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                  Dec. 31        Sep. 30        Dec. 31        Sep. 30     Dec. 31

         Sales                                                                                    $     2,125    $     1,970    $     2,959             7.9 %    (28.2)%
         Redemptions                                                                                    2,843          2,374          2,502           19.8        13.6
         Net sales (redemptions)                                                                         (718)          (404)           457          (77.7)       N/M
         Investment returns                                                                             4,533           (739)         3,533           N/M         28.3
         Net change in assets                                                                           3,815         (1,143)         3,990           N/M          (4.4)
         Beginning assets                                                                              95,460        96,603         106,551            (1.2)     (10.4)
         Ending assets                                                                            $    99,275    $   95,460     $ 110,541              4.0 %     (10.2)%
         Daily average assets under management                                                    $    99,208    $    99,128    $ 109,521              0.1 %       (9.4)%
         Managed asset net sales
            Investment fund net sales                                                             $      (718)   $      (404)   $       457          (77.7)%      N/M
            Mackenzie net sales through Wealth Management                                                 (18)           (13)            36          (38.5)       N/M
                                                                                                  $      (736)   $      (417)   $       493          (76.5)%      N/M

         Twelve months ended                                                                                                           2022           2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                                                Dec. 31        Dec. 31     Change

         Sales                                                                                                                  $    10,587    $    11,845       (10.6)%
         Redemptions                                                                                                                 10,544         10,032         5.1
         Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                         43          1,813       (97.6)




                                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         Investment returns                                                                                                         (11,309)        11,015        N/M


                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C
         Net change in assets                                                                                                       (11,266)        12,828        N/M
         Beginning assets                                                                                                           110,541         97,713        13.1
         Ending assets                                                                                                          $    99,275    $ 110,541         (10.2)%
         Daily average assets under management                                                                                  $ 101,859      $ 104,962           (3.0)%
         Managed asset net sales
            Investment fund net sales                                                                                           $        43    $     1,813       (97.6)%
            Mackenzie net sales through Wealth Management                                                                               (32)           431        N/M
                                                                                                                                $        11    $     2,244       (99.5)%




                                                        Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                        37
                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      C 21




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 21                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                down 9.4% from $109.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021.             Mutual fund redemptions, which totalled $2.8 billion for the
                                Average daily mutual fund assets were $101.9 billion for the             fourth quarter, increased 19.8% from the previous quarter,
                                twelve months ended December 31, 2022, down 3.0% from                    and the annualized quarterly redemption rate was 11.0% in
                                $105.0 billion in 2021.                                                  the fourth quarter compared to 9.3% in the third quarter of
                                                                                                         2022. IG Wealth Management mutual fund net redemptions
                                For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, sales of IG Wealth
                                                                                                         were $718 million for the current quarter compared to net
                                Management mutual funds through its advisor network were
                                                                                                         redemptions of $404 million in the previous quarter.
                                $2.1 billion, a decrease of 28.2% from the comparable period in
                                2021. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $2.8 billion, an increase
                                of 13.6% from 2021. IG Wealth Management mutual fund net                 IG Wealth Management
                                redemptions for the fourth quarter of 2022 were $718 million             Other Products and Services
                                compared with net sales of $457 million in 2021. During the
                                fourth quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase of
                                                                                                         Segregated Funds
                                $4.5 billion in mutual fund assets compared to an increase of
                                $3.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021.                              IG Wealth Management offers segregated funds which
                                                                                                         include the IG Series of Guaranteed Investment Funds (GIFs).
                                IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly redemption                   Select GIF policies allow for a Lifetime Income Benefit (LIB)
                                rate for long-term funds was 11.0% in the fourth quarter                 option to provide guaranteed retirement income for life.
                                of 2022, compared to 8.8% in the fourth quarter of 2021.                 The investment components of these segregated funds are
                                IG Wealth Management’s twelve month trailing redemption                  managed by IG Wealth Management. At December 31, 2022,
                                rate for long-term funds was 10.0% at December 31, 2022,                 total segregated fund assets were $1.3 billion, compared to
                                compared to 9.2% at December 31, 2021, and remains well                  $1.5 billion at December 31, 2021.
                                below the corresponding average redemption rate for all
                                other members of the Investment Funds Institute of Canada
                                                                                                         Insurance
                                (IFIC) of approximately 16.6% at December 31, 2022. IG Wealth
                                Management’s redemption rate has been very stable compared               IG Wealth Management continues to be a leader in the
                                to the overall mutual fund industry, reflecting our focus on             distribution of life insurance in Canada. Through its
                                financial planning.                                                      arrangements with leading insurance companies, IG Wealth
                                                                                                         Management offers a broad range of term, universal life,
                                For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, sales of
                                                                                                         whole life, disability, critical illness, long-term care, personal
                                IG Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor
                                                                                                         health care coverage and group insurance.
                                network were $10.6 billion, a decrease of 10.6% from 2021.
                                Mutual fund redemptions totalled $10.5 billion, an increase of           At December 31, 2022, total in-force policies were
                                5.1% from 2021. Net sales of IG Wealth Management mutual                 approximately 377 thousand with an insured value of
                                funds were $43 million compared with net sales of $1.8 billion           $103 billion, compared to approximately 379 thousand
                                in 2021. During 2022, investment returns resulted in a decrease          with an insured value of $102 billion at December 31, 2021.
                                of $11.3 billion in mutual fund assets compared to an increase           Distribution of insurance products is enhanced through
                                of $11.0 billion in 2021.                                                IG Wealth Management’s Insurance Planning Specialists,
                                                                                                         located throughout Canada, who assist advisors with
                                                                                                         advanced estate planning solutions for high net worth clients.
                                Change in Assets Under Management
                                and Advisement – Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022
                                                                                                         Securities Operations
                                IG Wealth Management’s assets under advisement were
                                $110.8 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.5% from            Investors Group Securities Inc. is an investment dealer
                                $105.0 billion at September 30, 2022. IG Wealth Management’s             registered in all Canadian provinces and territories providing
                                mutual fund assets under management were $99.3 billion at                clients with securities services to complement their financial




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                December 31, 2022, an increase of 4.0% from $95.5 billion                and investment planning. IG Wealth Management advisors can
                                at September 30, 2022. Average daily mutual fund assets                  refer clients to one of our Wealth Planning Specialists available

 PART C
                                were $99.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to             through Investors Group Securities Inc.
                                $99.1 billion in the third quarter of 2022, an increase of 0.1%.

                                For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, sales of IG Wealth
                                                                                                         Mortgage and Banking Operations
                                Management mutual funds through its advisor network were                 IG Wealth Management Mortgage Planning Specialists are
                                $2.1 billion, an increase of 7.9% from the third quarter of 2022.        located throughout each province in Canada, and work with




                           38 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 22                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 22                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         our clients and their advisors to develop mortgage and other                           ended December 31, 2022 were $74 million and $749 million,
         lending strategies that meet the individual needs and goals of                         respectively, compared to $276 million and $1.3 billion, in 2021.
         each client as part of their comprehensive financial plan.                             At December 31, 2022, the balance outstanding of Solutions
                                                                                                Banking † All-in-One products was $4.2 billion, compared to
         Mortgages are offered to clients by IG Wealth Management,
                                                                                                $3.9 billion one year ago, and represented approximately 52%
         a national mortgage lender, and through IG Wealth
                                                                                                of total available credit associated with these accounts.
         Management’s Solutions Banking †. An All-in-One product, a
         comprehensive cash management solution that integrates the                             Other products and services offered through IG Wealth
         features of a mortgage, term loan, revolving line of credit and                        Management’s Solutions Banking † include investment loans,
         deposit account, is also offered through Solutions Banking †.                          lines of credit, personal loans, creditor insurance, deposit
                                                                                                accounts, and credit cards. Through Solutions Banking †,
         Mortgage fundings offered through IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                clients have access to a network of banking machines, as
         and through Solutions Banking † for the three and twelve
                                                                                                well as a private labelled client website and client service
         months ended December 31, 2022 were $122 million and
                                                                                                centre. The Solutions Banking † offering supports IG Wealth
         $732 million compared to $221 million and $1.08 billion in 2021,
                                                                                                Management’s approach to delivering total financial solutions
         a decrease of 44.7% and 32.5%, respectively. At December 31,
                                                                                                for our clients through a broad financial planning platform.
         2022, mortgages offered through both sources totalled
                                                                                                Total outstanding lending products of IG Wealth Management
         $7.7 billion, compared to $8.4 billion at December 31, 2021,
                                                                                                clients in the Solutions Banking † offering, including Solutions
         a decrease of 7.8%.
                                                                                                Banking † mortgages totalled $5.8 billion at December 31, 2022,
         Available credit associated with Solutions Banking † All-in-One                        compared to $5.7 billion at December 31, 2021.
         accounts originated for the three and twelve month periods




                                                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                             PART C




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  39
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               C 23




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 23                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Review of Segment Operating Results
                                The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net earnings are                               prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes
                                presented in Table 13 and include the operations of IG Wealth                           for the year ended December 31, 2022 were $686.9 million,
                                Management and Investment Planning Counsel.                                             a decrease of 14.4% from 2021.


                                IG Wealth Management                                                                    2022 vs. 2021
                                IG Wealth Management adjusted net earnings are presented                                Fee Income
                                in Table 14. Adjusted net earnings for the fourth quarter of                            Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice to
                                2022 were $104.6 million, a decrease of 25.9% from the fourth                           clients including fees related to the distribution of products,
                                quarter in 2021 and a decrease of 4.5% from the prior quarter.                          and depend largely on the level and composition of assets
                                Adjusted net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022                              under advisement. Advisory fees were $283.1 million in the
                                were $437.4 million, a decrease of 16.4% from 2021.                                     fourth quarter of 2022, a decrease of $18.0 million or 6.0%
                                Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the fourth                              from $301.1 million in 2021. For the twelve months ended
                                quarter of 2022 were $165.4 million, a decrease of 23.1% from                           December 31, 2022, advisory fees were $1,140.4 million, a
                                the fourth quarter in 2021 and a decrease of 3.9% from the                              decrease of $13.9 million or 1.2% from $1,154.3 million in 2021.



                                Table 13: Operating Results – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                               Change
                                Three months ended                                                                                         2022           2022             2021      2022        2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                                             Dec. 31        Sep. 30          Dec. 31   Sep. 30     Dec. 31

                                Revenues
                                 Wealth Management
                                    Advisory fees                                                                                    $    344.8     $    341.8       $    370.6       0.9 %       (7.0)%
                                    Product and program fees                                                                              225.8         225.5             252.8       0.1       (10.7)
                                                                                                                                          570.6          567.3            623.4       0.6         (8.5)
                                    Redemption fees                                                                                         0.7            0.8              1.7     (12.5)      (58.8)
                                    Other financial planning revenues                                                                      39.5           43.2             47.4       (8.6)     (16.7)
                                 Total Wealth Management                                                                                  610.8          611.3            672.5       (0.1)       (9.2)
                                 Net investment income and other                                                                            2.6            2.8              1.4       (7.1)      85.7
                                                                                                                                          613.4          614.1            673.9       (0.1)       (9.0)
                                Expenses
                                 Advisory and business development
                                    Asset-based compensation                                                                              187.5          184.5            195.2       1.6         (3.9)
                                    Sales-based compensation                                                                               20.4           19.7             15.9       3.6        28.3
                                    Other
                                      Other product commissions                                                                            19.7           19.5             21.3       1.0         (7.5)
                                      Business development                                                                                 49.3           54.3             52.4       (9.2)       (5.9)
                                                                                                                                           69.0           73.8             73.7       (6.5)       (6.4)
                                 Total advisory and business development                                                                  276.9          278.0           284.8        (0.4)       (2.8)
                                 Operations and support                                                                                   121.3          118.5            115.9       2.4         4.7
                                 Sub-advisory                                                                                              44.6           44.0             49.5       1.4         (9.9)
                                                                                                                                          442.8         440.5             450.2       0.5         (1.6)




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                            170.6          173.6            223.7       (1.7)     (23.7)
                                Interest expense                                                                                           22.8           22.7             22.7       0.4         0.4

 PART C
                                Adjusted earnings before income taxes     (1)
                                                                                                                                          147.8          150.9            201.0       (2.1)     (26.5)
                                Income taxes                                                                                               39.7           40.5             53.8       (2.0)     (26.2)
                                Adjusted net earnings   (1)
                                                                                                                                          108.1          110.4            147.2       (2.1)     (26.6)
                                Non-controlling interest                                                                                    0.2                  –            –      N/M         N/M
                                Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                            $    107.9     $    110.4       $    147.2       (2.3)%    (26.7)%

                                (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                           40 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 24                                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 24                                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Table 13: Operating Results – Wealth Management (continued)

         Twelve months ended                                                                                                                 2022          2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                                                      Dec. 31       Dec. 31   Change

         Revenues
          Wealth Management
             Advisory fees                                                                                                             $ 1,391.5     $ 1,417.2       (1.8)%
             Product and program fees                                                                                                       923.9          961.1     (3.9)
                                                                                                                                           2,315.4       2,378.3     (2.6)
             Redemption fees                                                                                                                   4.0          10.0    (60.0)
             Other financial planning revenues                                                                                              164.6         184.6     (10.8)
          Total Wealth Management                                                                                                          2,484.0       2,572.9     (3.5)
          Net investment income and other                                                                                                      4.1           3.6     13.9
                                                                                                                                           2,488.1       2,576.5     (3.4)
         Expenses
          Advisory and business development
             Asset-based compensation                                                                                                       754.0         740.1       1.9
             Sales-based compensation                                                                                                        76.1           56.1     35.7
             Other
               Other product commissions                                                                                                     76.8          75.5       1.7
               Business development                                                                                                         219.2          217.6      0.7
                                                                                                                                            296.0         293.1       1.0
          Total advisory and business development                                                                                          1,126.1       1,089.3      3.4
          Operations and support                                                                                                            476.9         466.1       2.3
          Sub-advisory                                                                                                                      181.9         189.7       (4.1)
                                                                                                                                           1,784.9       1,745.1      2.3
         Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                     703.2         831.4     (15.4)
         Interest expense                                                                                                                    90.3          90.3          –
         Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                           612.9          741.1    (17.3)
         Income taxes                                                                                                                       164.2         198.0      (17.1)
         Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                           448.7         543.1     (17.4)
         Non-controlling interest                                                                                                              0.2            –      N/M
         Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                     $    448.5    $    543.1     (17.4)%

         (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


         The decrease in advisory fees in the three months ending                                       quarter, down 9.8% from $238.1 million a year ago primarily
         December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the decrease in                                         due to the decrease in average assets under management
         average assets under advisement of 6.6%, as shown in                                           of 9.4%, as shown in Table 12. Product and program fees
         Table 11, partially offset by an increase in the advisory fee                                  were $875.1 million for the twelve month period ended
         rate. The decrease in advisory fees in the twelve months                                       December 31, 2022 compared to $903.5 million in 2021, a
         ending December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the decrease                                     decrease of 3.1% primarily due to the decrease in average
         in average assets under advisement of 0.5%, as shown in                                        assets under management of 3.0%, as shown in Table 12. The
         Table 11, and a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average                                 average product and program fee rate for the fourth quarter
         advisory fee rate for the fourth quarter was 102.4 basis points                                was 85.9 basis points of assets under management compared
         of average assets under advisement compared to 101.8 basis                                     to 86.3 basis points in 2021, and the rate for the twelve month
         points in 2021, and for the twelve month period, the rate was                                  period of 2022 was 85.9 basis points of average assets under




                                                                                                                                                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         102.5 basis points compared to 103.2 basis points in 2021.                                     management compared to 86.0 basis points in 2021, reflecting

                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C
         The change in the average advisory fee rate for the three and                                  price reductions in certain funds and changes in product mix.
         twelve month periods primarily reflects changes in client and
                                                                                                        Other financial planning revenues are primarily earned from:
         product mix.
                                                                                                        • Mortgage banking operations
         Product and program fees depend largely on the level and                                       • Distribution of insurance products through I.G. Insurance
         composition of mutual fund assets under management.
                                                                                                          Services Inc.
         Product and program fees totalled $214.7 million in the current




                                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                    41
                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  C 25




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 25                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 14: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                           Change
                                Three months ended                                                                                 2022             2022               2021      2022        2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                                     Dec. 31          Sep. 30            Dec. 31   Sep. 30     Dec. 31

                                Revenues
                                 Wealth Management
                                    Advisory fees                                                                           $     283.1      $     280.4         $    301.1       1.0 %       (6.0)%
                                    Product and program fees                                                                      214.7             214.1             238.1       0.3         (9.8)
                                                                                                                                  497.8            494.5              539.2       0.7         (7.7)
                                    Redemption fees                                                                                  0.6              0.8               1.7     (25.0)      (64.7)
                                    Other financial planning revenues                                                               32.4             37.3              41.7      (13.1)     (22.3)
                                 Total Wealth Management                                                                          530.8            532.6              582.6       (0.3)       (8.9)
                                 Net investment income and other                                                                     2.1              2.2               1.3       (4.5)      61.5
                                                                                                                                  532.9            534.8              583.9       (0.4)       (8.7)
                                Expenses
                                 Advisory and business development
                                    Asset-based compensation                                                                      140.3            136.6              142.0       2.7         (1.2)
                                    Sales-based compensation                                                                        20.4             19.7              15.9       3.6        28.3
                                    Other
                                      Other product commissions                                                                     16.8             16.9              18.0       (0.6)       (6.7)
                                      Business development                                                                          39.7             45.5              43.8     (12.7)        (9.4)
                                                                                                                                    56.5             62.4              61.8       (9.5)       (8.6)
                                 Total advisory and business development                                                          217.2            218.7              219.7       (0.7)       (1.1)
                                 Operations and support                                                                           108.8            102.9              103.6       5.7         5.0
                                 Sub-advisory                                                                                       41.5             41.0              45.6       1.2         (9.0)
                                                                                                                                  367.5            362.6             368.9        1.4         (0.4)
                                Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (1)                                                   165.4            172.2              215.0       (3.9)     (23.1)
                                Interest expense                                                                                    22.6             22.6              22.5          –        0.4
                                Adjusted earnings before income taxes     (1)
                                                                                                                                  142.8            149.6              192.5       (4.5)     (25.8)
                                Income taxes                                                                                        38.2             40.1              51.4       (4.7)     (25.7)
                                Adjusted net earnings   (1)
                                                                                                                            $     104.6      $     109.5         $    141.1       (4.5)%    (25.9)%

                                (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.



                                • Securities trading services provided through Investors Group                          and other income not related to our core business. It also
                                  Securities Inc.                                                                       includes a charge from the Strategic Investments and Other
                                • Banking services provided through Solutions Banking †                                 segment for the use of unallocated capital.

                                Other financial planning revenues of $32.4 million for the fourth                       Expenses
                                quarter of 2022 decreased by $9.3 million from $41.7 million                            IG Wealth Management incurs advisory and business
                                in 2021. For the twelve month period, other financial planning                          development expenses that include compensation paid to our
                                revenues of $140.5 million decreased by $22.9 million from                              advisors. The majority of these costs vary directly with asset or
                                $163.4 million in 2021. The decrease in both the three and                              sales levels. Also included are other distribution and business
                                twelve month periods were primarily due to lower earnings                               development activities which do not vary directly with asset or
                                from mortgage banking operations.                                                       sales levels, such as direct marketing and advertising, financial




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                A summary of mortgage banking operations for the three and                              planning specialist support and other costs incurred to support
                                                                                                                        our advisor networks. These expenses tend to be discretionary
 PART C
                                twelve month periods under review is presented in Table 15.
                                                                                                                        or vary based upon the number of advisors or clients.
                                Net Investment Income and Other
                                                                                                                        Asset-based compensation fluctuates with the value of assets
                                Net investment income and other consists of unrealized gains                            under advisement. Asset-based compensation decreased by
                                or losses on investments in proprietary funds in the three and                          $1.7 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022
                                twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and investment                                   to $140.3 million compared to 2021, primarily due to rate
                                income earned on our cash and cash equivalents and securities




                           42 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 26                                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 26                                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Table 14: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management (continued)

         Twelve months ended                                                                                                              2022           2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                                                    Dec.31        Dec. 31   Change

         Revenues
          Wealth Management
             Advisory fees                                                                                                           $ 1,140.4     $   1,154.3     (1.2)%
             Product and program fees                                                                                                     875.1         903.5      (3.1)
                                                                                                                                         2,015.5       2,057.8     (2.1)
             Redemption fees                                                                                                                 3.9           9.9    (60.6)
             Other financial planning revenues                                                                                            140.5         163.4     (14.0)
          Total Wealth Management                                                                                                        2,159.9       2,231.1     (3.2)
          Net investment income and other                                                                                                    2.4           2.6     (7.7)
                                                                                                                                         2,162.3       2,233.7     (3.2)
         Expenses
          Advisory and business development
             Asset-based compensation                                                                                                     558.9         536.0       4.3
             Sales-based compensation                                                                                                      76.1           56.1     35.7
             Other
               Other product commissions                                                                                                   65.5          62.8       4.3
               Business development                                                                                                       182.2         184.6      (1.3)
                                                                                                                                          247.7         247.4       0.1
          Total advisory and business development                                                                                         882.7         839.5       5.1
          Operations and support                                                                                                          423.6         416.9       1.6
          Sub-advisory                                                                                                                    169.1         174.5      (3.1)
                                                                                                                                         1,475.4       1,430.9      3.1
         Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                   686.9         802.8     (14.4)
         Interest expense                                                                                                                  89.7          89.6       0.1
         Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                         597.2         713.2     (16.3)
         Income taxes                                                                                                                     159.8         190.3     (16.0)
         Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                    $    437.4    $    522.9     (16.4)%

         (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




         increases and decreased average assets under advisement.                                       Other advisory and business development expenses
         For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, asset-based                                     were $56.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared
         compensation increased by $22.9 million to $558.9 million                                      to $61.8 million in 2021, a decrease of $5.3 million due
         compared to 2021, primarily due to rate increases due to                                       to decreases in other advisor program expenses and
         changes in advisor productivity.                                                               distribution of insurance products. Other advisory and
                                                                                                        business development expenses were $247.7 million in the
         IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is based
                                                                                                        twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to
         upon the level of new assets contributed to client accounts at
                                                                                                        $247.4 million in 2021.
         IG Wealth Management (subject to eligibility requirements).
         All sales-based compensation payments are capitalized and                                      Operations and support includes costs that support our wealth
         amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client                                 management and other general and administrative functions




                                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         contract. Sales-based compensation was $20.4 million for                                       such as product management, technology and operations, as
         the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of $4.5 million from                                   well as other functional business units and corporate expenses.

                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C
         $15.9 million in 2021. For the twelve month period, sales-                                     Operations and support expenses were $108.8 million for the
         based compensation expense was $76.1 million, an increase                                      fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $103.6 million in 2021,
         of $20.0 million from $56.1 million in 2021. The increase in                                   an increase of $5.2 million. For the twelve month period,
         expense is due to additional sales-based commission being                                      operations and support expenses were $423.6 million in 2022
         capitalized and amortized throughout 2021 and 2022.                                            compared to $416.9 million in 2021, an increase of $6.7 million
                                                                                                        or 1.6%.




                                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  43
                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C 27




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 27                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 15: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                                Three months ended                                                                                   2022             2022               2021          2022        2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                                       Dec. 31          Sep. 30            Dec. 31       Sep. 30     Dec. 31

                                Total mortgage banking income
                                 Net interest income on securitized loans
                                    Interest income                                                                           $       34.1     $       32.2        $     33.1           5.9 %        3.0 %
                                    Interest expense                                                                                  29.5             25.7              25.5          14.8         15.7
                                    Net interest income                                                                                4.6              6.5                7.6        (29.2)       (39.5)
                                 Gains on sales(1)                                                                                        –                –              0.5              –      (100.0)
                                 Fair value adjustments                                                                               (5.7)             (1.0)               –          N/M          N/M
                                 Other                                                                                                 4.0              2.8               0.7          42.9         N/M
                                                                                                                              $        2.9     $        8.3        $      8.8          (65.1)%     (67.0)%
                                Average mortgages serviced
                                 Securitizations                                                                              $     4,567      $     4,638         $    5,111           (1.5)%     (10.6)%
                                 Other                                                                                              2,357            2,419              2,411           (2.6)       (2.2)
                                                                                                                              $     6,924      $     7,057         $    7,522           (1.9)%      (8.0)%
                                Mortgage sales to:(2)
                                 Securitizations                                                                              $       359      $       535         $      297         (32.9)%       20.9 %
                                 Other(1)                                                                                                 –                –              176              –      (100.0)
                                                                                                                              $       359      $       535         $      473         (32.9)%      (24.1)%

                                Twelve months ended                                                                                                                      2022          2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                                                                           Dec. 31       Dec. 31     Change

                                Total mortgage banking income
                                 Net interest income on securitized loans
                                    Interest income                                                                                                                $    127.2    $    147.0        (13.5)%
                                    Interest expense                                                                                                                    102.8         111.4          (7.7)
                                    Net interest income                                                                                                                  24.4          35.6        (31.5)
                                 (Losses) gains on sales(1)                                                                                                              (3.5)          3.9         N/M
                                 Fair value adjustments                                                                                                                  (3.1)          1.4         N/M
                                 Other                                                                                                                                    8.2           3.5       134.3
                                                                                                                                                                   $     26.0    $     44.4        (41.4)%
                                Average mortgages serviced
                                 Securitizations                                                                                                                   $    4,708    $    5,431        (13.3)%
                                 Other                                                                                                                                  2,404         2,503         (4.0)
                                                                                                                                                                   $    7,112    $    7,934        (10.4)%
                                Mortgage sales to:(2)
                                 Securitizations                                                                                                                   $    1,281    $    1,506        (14.9)%
                                 Other(1)                                                                                                                                 355          872         (59.3)
                                                                                                                                                                   $    1,636    $    2,378        (31.2)%
                                (1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized
                                    on those sales.
                                (2) Represents principal amounts sold.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 PART C




                           44 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 28                                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 28                                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Sub-advisory expenses were $41.5 million for the fourth                                Other financial planning revenues of $32.4 million in the fourth
         quarter of 2022 compared to $45.6 million in 2021, a                                   quarter of 2022 decreased by $4.9 million from $37.3 million
         decrease of $4.1 million or 9.0%. For the twelve month period,                         in the third quarter due to a decrease in earnings from the
         sub-advisory expenses were $169.1 million in 2022 compared                             mortgage banking operations.
         to $174.5 million in 2021, a decrease of $5.4 million or 3.1%.
         The decreases in both the three and twelve month periods                               Expenses
         are primarily due to lower assets under management.                                    Advisory and business development expenses in the current
                                                                                                quarter were $217.2 million, a decrease of $1.5 million from
         Interest Expense                                                                       $218.7 million in the previous quarter.
         Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense
                                                                                                Operations and support expenses were $108.8 million for
         on long-term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled
                                                                                                the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $102.9 million in
         $22.6 million and $89.7 million in the three and twelve months
                                                                                                the previous quarter, an increase of $5.9 million or 5.7%.
         ended December 31, 2022, respectively, comparable to 2021.
         Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based on a long-
         term debt allocation of $1.7 billion to IG Wealth Management.                          Investment Planning Counsel

         Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022                                                                    2022 vs. 2021
         Fee Income                                                                             Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
         Advisory fee income increased by $2.7 million or 1.0% to                               related to Investment Planning Counsel were $2.8 million and
         $283.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared with                             $9.1 million lower in the three and twelve month periods ended
         the third quarter. The increase in advisory fees in the fourth                         December 31, 2022 than the comparable periods in 2021.
         quarter was primarily due to the increase in average assets
         under advisement of 1.0% for the quarter, as shown in Table 11.                        Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022
         The average advisory fee rate for the fourth quarter was 102.4
                                                                                                Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
         basis points of average assets under management, compared
                                                                                                related to Investment Planning Counsel were $2.4 million higher
         to 102.5 basis points in the third quarter.
                                                                                                in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the prior quarter.
         Product and program fees were $214.7 million in the fourth
         quarter of 2022, an increase of $0.6 million from $214.1 million
         in the third quarter of 2022. The average product and program
         fee rate was 85.9 basis points in the current quarter, compared
         to 85.7 basis points in the third quarter.




                                                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                             PART C




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  45
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C 29




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 29                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Asset Management
                                The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                          Management is considered a client of the Asset Management
                                Investments (Mackenzie).                                                 segment and transfer pricing is based on values for similar
                                                                                                         sized asset management mandates.
                                Asset Management revenue reflects:
                                • Net asset management fees – third party includes fees               Assets managed for IG Wealth Management are included in
                                  received from our mutual funds and fees from third parties          the Asset Management segment’s assets under management.
                                  for investment management services. Compensation paid               Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
                                  to dealers offsets the fees earned.                                 segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
                                • Asset management fees – Wealth Management includes                  to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                  fees received from the Wealth Management segment. Wealth            Income taxes are also reported in each segment.




                                Review of the Business
                                Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management               Mackenzie’s focus is based on five key strategies:
                                solutions provider founded in 1967. We provide investment             • Win in retail in a segmented way
                                management and related services with a wide range of                  • Build a global institutional business with a targeted approach
                                investment mandates through a boutique structure and using
                                                                                                      • Deliver innovative investment solutions and performance
                                multiple distribution channels. We are committed to delivering
                                                                                                      • Business processes that are simple, easy and digitized
                                strong investment performance for our clients by drawing on
                                more than 50 years of investment management experience.               • Continue to foster a high performance and diverse culture

                                Mackenzie earns asset management fees primarily from:                 These strategies impact our strategic priorities and drive future
                                                                                                      business growth. We aim to achieve this by attracting and
                                • Management fees earned from its investment funds,
                                                                                                      fostering the best minds in the investment industry, responding
                                  sub-advised accounts and institutional clients.
                                                                                                      to changing needs of financial advisors and investors with
                                • Fees earned from its mutual funds for administrative
                                                                                                      distinctive and innovative solutions, and continuing to deliver
                                  services.
                                                                                                      institutional quality in everything we do.
                                • Redemption fees on deferred sales charge and low
                                  load units.                                                         Mackenzie seeks to maximize returns on business investment
                                                                                                      by focusing our resources in areas that directly impact the
                                The largest component of Mackenzie’s revenues is management           success of our strategic focus: investment management,
                                fees. The amount of management fees depends on the level              distribution and client experience.
                                and composition of assets under management. Management
                                fee rates vary depending on the investment objective and the          Our investment management capabilities are delivered
                                account type of the underlying assets under management.               through a boutique structure, with separate in-house teams
                                Equity based mandates have higher management fee rates                having distinct focuses and diverse styles. Our research and
                                than fixed income mandates and retail mutual fund accounts            portfolio management teams are located in Toronto, Winnipeg,
                                have higher management fee rates than exchange traded                 Vancouver, Boston, Dublin and Hong Kong. In addition, our
                                                                                                      ownership interest in Northleaf enhances our investment




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                funds, sub-advised accounts and institutional accounts.
                                                                                                      capabilities by offering global private equity, private credit

 PART C
                                                                                                      and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients and our
                                Asset Management Strategy                                             ownership interest in ChinaAMC offers our clients access to
                                Mackenzie’s mission is to create a more invested                      Chinese capital markets. We also supplement our investment
                                world, together.                                                      capabilities with strategic partners (third party sub-advisors)
                                                                                                      in selected areas. The development of a broad range of
                                Mackenzie’s objective is to become Canada’s preferred global
                                asset management solutions provider and business partner.




                           46 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 30                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 30                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         investment capabilities and products is a key strength in                              broad product shelf, competitively priced products and our
         supporting the evolving financial needs of investors.                                  focus on client experience and investment excellence.

         Our business focuses on three key distribution channels: retail,
         strategic alliances and institutional.                                                 Assets Under Management
         Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment products                         The changes in total assets under management are
         through third-party financial advisors. Our sales teams work                           summarized in Table 16 and the changes in investment fund
         with many of the more than 30,000 independent financial                                assets under management are summarized in Table 17. Assets
         advisors and their firms across Canada. Our innovative,                                managed for the Wealth Management segment are included in
         comprehensive lineup of investment solutions covers all asset                          total assets under management.
         classes and parts of the globe. We offer a range of relevant
                                                                                                At December 31, 2022, Mackenzie’s total assets under
         products and investment solutions designed to help advisors
                                                                                                management were $186.6 billion, a decrease of 11.3% from
         meet the evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce
                                                                                                $210.3 billion last year. Mackenzie’s total assets under
         new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund offerings
                                                                                                management (excluding sub-advisory to Wealth Management)
         to provide enhanced investment solutions.
                                                                                                were $113.1 billion, a decrease of 12.4% from $129.1 billion last
         In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also                            year. The change in Mackenzie’s assets under management is
         has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the                             determined by investment returns and net contributions from
         institutional marketplace.                                                             our clients.

         Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie offers
         certain series of our mutual funds and provides sub-advisory
                                                                                                Change in Assets Under Management –
         services to third-party and related party investment programs
                                                                                                2022 vs. 2021
         offered by banks, insurance companies and other investment                             Mackenzie’s total assets under management at December 31,
         companies. Strategic alliances with related parties include                            2022 were $186.6 billion, a decrease of 11.3% from
         providing advisory services to IG Wealth Management,                                   $210.3 billion at December 31, 2021. Assets under management
         Investment Planning Counsel and Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                 excluding sub-advisory to the Wealth Management segment
         (Lifeco) subsidiaries. Mackenzie partners with Wealthsimple to                         were $113.1 billion, a decrease of 12.4% from $129.1 billion at
         distribute ETFs through their product shelf. In 2022, Mackenzie                        December 31, 2021.
         entered into a new multi-year product and services distribution
                                                                                                Investment fund assets under management were $59.7 billion
         agreement with PFSL Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica) where
                                                                                                at December 31, 2022, compared to $68.4 billion at
         Mackenzie serves as one of two exclusive investment solutions
                                                                                                December 31, 2021, a decrease of 12.7%. Mackenzie’s mutual
         providers and, on June 30, 2022, Mackenzie launched a suite of
                                                                                                fund assets under management of $54.4 billion decreased by
         25 funds designed to address the specific needs of Primerica
                                                                                                13.6% from $63.0 billion at December 31, 2021. Mackenzie’s
         advisors and their clients. Within the strategic alliance channel,
                                                                                                ETF assets excluding ETFs held within IGM Financial’s
         Mackenzie’s primary distribution relationship is with the
                                                                                                managed products were $5.2 billion at December 31, 2022, a
         head office of the respective bank, insurance company or
                                                                                                decrease of 3.2% from $5.4 billion at December 31, 2021. ETF
         investment company.
                                                                                                assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were
         In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides investment                            $12.4 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to $12.7 billion
         management services to pension plans, foundations and other                            at December 31, 2021.
         institutions. We attract new institutional business through our
                                                                                                In the three months ended December 31, 2022, Mackenzie’s
         relationships with pension and management consultants.
                                                                                                mutual fund gross sales were $1.6 billion, a decrease of 39.9%
         Gross sales and redemption activity in strategic alliance and                          from $2.6 billion in 2021. Mutual fund redemptions in the
         institutional accounts can be more pronounced than in the                              current quarter were $2.5 billion, an increase of 21.4% from last




                                                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         retail channel, given the relative size and the nature of the                          year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the three months ended
         distribution relationships of these accounts. These accounts                           December 31, 2022 were $966 million, compared to net sales of

                                                                                                                                                                                             PART C
         are also subject to ongoing reviews and rebalance activities                           $512 million last year. In the three months ended December 31,
         which may result in a significant change in the level of assets                        2022, ETF net creations were $134 million compared to
         under management.                                                                      $245 million last year. Investment fund net redemptions in the
                                                                                                current quarter were $832 million compared to net sales of
         Mackenzie continues to be positioned to build and enhance
                                                                                                $757 million last year. During the current quarter, investment
         our distribution relationships given our team of experienced
                                                                                                returns resulted in investment fund assets increasing by
         investment professionals, strength of our distribution network,
                                                                                                $2.9 billion compared to an increase of $2.8 billion last year.




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  47
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C 31




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 31                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 16: Change in Total Assets Under Management – Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                                Three months ended                                                                                2022             2022                2021           2022        2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                                    Dec. 31          Sep. 30             Dec. 31        Sep. 30     Dec. 31

                                Assets under management excluding sub-advisory to
                                Canada Life and the Wealth Management Segment
                                 Net sales (redemptions)
                                    Mutual funds                                                                           $      (966)     $       (594)       $       512          (62.6)%      N/M %
                                    ETF net creations                                                                              134               (86)               245           N/M        (45.3)
                                    Investment funds(1)                                                                           (832)             (680)               757          (22.4)       N/M
                                    Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(2)                                             (135)             (139)              (576)           2.9        76.6
                                 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                    (967)             (819)               181           (18.1)      N/M
                                 Investment returns                                                                              3,385              (812)             3,162           N/M           7.1
                                 Net change in assets                                                                            2,418            (1,631)             3,343           N/M        (27.7)
                                 Beginning assets                                                                               63,657           65,288              72,967            (2.5)     (12.8)
                                 Ending assets                                                                             $    66,075      $    63,657         $    76,310            3.8 %     (13.4)%
                                Consolidated assets under management
                                    Mutual funds                                                                           $    54,434      $    52,541         $    62,969            3.6 %     (13.6)%
                                    ETFs                                                                                         5,219            5,010               5,393            4.2         (3.2)
                                    Investment funds(1)                                                                         59,653           57,551             68,362             3.7       (12.7)
                                    Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                               6,422            6,106               7,948            5.2       (19.2)
                                                                                                                                66,075           63,657              76,310            3.8       (13.4)
                                    Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                 47,023           45,015             52,805             4.5       (10.9)
                                 Total excluding sub-advisory to Wealth Management                                             113,098          108,672             129,115            4.1       (12.4)
                                 Sub-advisory to Wealth Management                                                              73,514           71,834              81,228            2.3         (9.5)
                                 Consolidated assets under management                                                      $ 186,612        $ 180,506           $ 210,343              3.4 %      (11.3)%
                                Average total assets under management(3)
                                 Excluding sub-advisory to Wealth Management                                               $ 112,651        $ 113,448           $ 126,759              (0.7)%     (11.1)%
                                 Consolidated                                                                                  186,260          187,323             207,143            (0.6)      (10.1)

                                Twelve months ended                                                                                                                    2022           2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                                                                         Dec. 31        Dec. 31     Change

                                Assets under management excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management Segment
                                 Net sales (redemptions)
                                    Mutual funds(4)                                                                                                             $    (1,736)   $     3,908        N/M %
                                    ETF net creations(5)                                                                                                                705          1,532       (54.0)
                                    Investment funds(1)                                                                                                              (1,031)        5,440         N/M
                                    Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(2)                                                                                  (834)          (306)     (172.5)
                                 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                       (1,865)         5,134        N/M
                                 Investment returns                                                                                                                  (8,370)         7,413        N/M
                                 Net change in assets                                                                                                               (10,235)        12,547        N/M
                                 Beginning assets                                                                                                                    76,310         63,763        19.7
                                 Ending assets                                                                                                                  $    66,075    $    76,310       (13.4)%
                                Average total assets under management(3)
                                    Excluding sub-advisory to Wealth Management                                                                                 $ 117,801      $ 120,988           (2.6)%
                                    Consolidated                                                                                                                    194,040        198,946         (2.5)
                                (1) Investment fund assets under management and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                (2) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
                                    2022 Q1 – an institutional investor redeemed $291 million within products Mackenzie sub-advises.


 PART C
                                    2021 Q2 – Mackenzie was awarded $680 million of sub-advisory wins.
                                          Q4 – An institutional client re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities on mandates advised by Mackenzie totalling $667 million.
                                (3) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.
                                (4) Mutual funds – Institutional clients, which include Mackenzie mutual funds within their investment offerings, made fund allocation changes:
                                     2021 YTD – resulted in redemptions and net redemptions of $361 million.
                                (5) ETFs – During the first quarter of 2022, Wealthsimple made allocation changes which resulted in $675 million in purchases in Mackenzie ETFs.




                           48 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 32                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 32                                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Table 17: Change in Investment Fund Assets Under Management – Asset Management(1)

                                                                                                                                                                    Change
         Three months ended                                                                                     2022          2022          2021          2022        2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                         Dec. 31       Sep. 30       Dec. 31       Sep. 30     Dec. 31

         Sales                                                                                            $    1,559    $    1,281    $    2,592          21.7 %     (39.9)%
         Redemptions                                                                                           2,525         1,875         2,080          34.7        21.4
         Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                    (966)         (594)          512         (62.6)       N/M
         ETF net creations                                                                                       134           (86)          245          N/M        (45.3)
         Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)                                                             (832)         (680)          757         (22.4)       N/M
         Investment returns                                                                                    2,934          (713)        2,816          N/M          4.2
         Net change in assets                                                                                  2,102        (1,393)        3,573          N/M        (41.2)
         Beginning assets                                                                                     57,551        58,944        64,789           (2.4)      (11.2)
         Ending assets                                                                                    $   59,653    $   57,551    $   68,362           3.7 %     (12.7)%
         Consists of:
          Mutual funds                                                                                    $   54,434    $   52,541    $   62,969           3.6 %     (13.6)%
          ETFs                                                                                                 5,219         5,010         5,393           4.2         (3.2)
          Investment funds                                                                                $   59,653    $   57,551    $   68,362           3.7 %     (12.7)%
         Daily average investment fund assets                                                             $   59,421    $   60,405    $   66,833           (1.6)%     (11.1)%

         Twelve months ended                                                                                                                2022          2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                                                     Dec. 31       Dec. 31     Change

         Sales                                                                                                                        $    7,496    $   12,022       (37.6)%
         Redemptions                                                                                                                       9,232         8,114        13.8
         Mutual fund net sales (redemptions) (3)                                                                                          (1,736)        3,908        N/M
         ETF net creations(4)                                                                                                                705         1,532       (54.0)
         Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)                                                                                       (1,031)       5,440         N/M
         Investment returns                                                                                                               (7,678)        6,452        N/M
         Net change in assets                                                                                                             (8,709)       11,892        N/M
         Beginning assets                                                                                                                 68,362        56,470        21.1
         Ending assets                                                                                                                $   59,653    $   68,362       (12.7)%
         Daily average investment fund assets                                                                                         $   62,114    $   63,003         (1.4)%
         (1) Investment fund assets under management and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
         (2) Total investment fund net sales and assets under management exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
         (3) Mutual funds – Institutional clients, which include Mackenzie mutual funds within their investment offerings, made fund allocation changes:
             2021 YTD – resulted in redemptions and net redemptions of $361 million.
         (4) ETFs – During the first quarter of 2022, Wealthsimple made allocation changes which resulted in $675 million in purchases in Mackenzie ETFs.




         Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life                                   December 31, 2022 were $1.7 billion, compared to net sales of
         and to the Wealth Management segment for the three months                                     $3.9 billion in 2021. In the year ended December 31, 2022, ETF
         ended December 31, 2022 were $967 million compared to                                         net creations were $705 million compared to $1.5 billion last
         net sales of $181 million last year. During the fourth quarter                                year. Investment fund net redemptions in the current period
         of 2021, an institutional client re-assigned sub-advisory                                     were $1.0 billion compared to net sales of $5.4 billion last year.
         responsibilities on mandates advised by Mackenzie totalling                                   During the current period, investment returns resulted in
         $667 million. Excluding this transaction, net sales were                                      investment fund assets decreasing by $7.7 billion compared to
         $848 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021.                                    an increase of $6.5 billion last year.
         During the current quarter, investment returns resulted in




                                                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                       During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, certain
         assets increasing by $3.4 billion compared to an increase of
                                                                                                       third party programs, which include Mackenzie mutual funds,
                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART C
         $3.2 billion last year.
                                                                                                       made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions and net
         In the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, Mackenzie’s                                     redemptions of $361 million. Excluding this transaction in 2021,
         mutual fund gross sales were $7.5 billion, a decrease of 37.6%                                mutual fund redemptions increased by 19.1% in the twelve
         from $12.0 billion in 2021. Mutual fund redemptions in the                                    months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, and
         current period were $9.2 billion, an increase of 13.8% from                                   mutual fund net redemptions of $1.7 billion in 2022 compared
         last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the year ended                                     to mutual fund net sales of $4.3 billion in 2021.




                                                             Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                       49
                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    C 33




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 33                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the three and                  total Wealth Management assets under management compared
                                twelve months ended December 31, 2022, were $2.5 billion                to $81.2 billion or 69.9% of total Wealth Management assets
                                and $9.1 billion, respectively, compared to $2.0 billion and            under management at December 31, 2021.
                                $8.0 billion last year. Redemptions of long-term mutual
                                funds excluding mutual fund allocation changes made by                  Change in Assets under Management –
                                third party programs were $7.6 billion in the twelve months             Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022
                                ended December 31, 2021. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly
                                                                                                        Mackenzie’s total assets under management at December 31,
                                redemption rate for long-term mutual funds was 18.2% in
                                                                                                        2022 were $186.6 billion, an increase of 3.4% from $180.5 billion
                                the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to 13.3% in the fourth
                                                                                                        at September 30, 2022. Assets under management excluding
                                quarter of 2021. Mackenzie’s twelve-month trailing redemption
                                                                                                        sub-advisory to the Wealth Management segment were
                                rate for long-term mutual funds was 16.0% at December 31,
                                                                                                        $113.1 billion, an increase of 4.1% from $108.7 billion at
                                2022, compared to 13.6% last year. Mackenzie’s twelve month
                                                                                                        September 30, 2022.
                                trailing redemption rate for long-term funds, excluding
                                rebalance transactions, was 12.9% at December 31, 2021.                 Investment fund assets under management were $59.7 billion
                                The corresponding average twelve-month trailing redemption              at December 31, 2022, an increase of 3.7% from $57.6 billion
                                rate for long-term mutual funds for all other members of IFIC           at September 30, 2022. Mackenzie’s mutual fund assets under
                                was approximately 16.2% at December 31, 2022. Mackenzie’s               management were $54.4 billion at December 31, 2022, an
                                twelve-month trailing redemption rate is comprised of the               increase of 3.6% from $52.5 billion at September 30, 2022.
                                weighted average redemption rate for front-end load assets,             Mackenzie’s ETF assets were $5.2 billion at December 31,
                                deferred sales charge and low load assets with redemption               2022 compared to $5.0 billion at September 30, 2022. ETF
                                fees, and deferred sales charge assets without redemption               assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were
                                fees (matured assets). Generally, redemption rates for front-           $12.4 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to $11.5 billion
                                end load assets and matured assets are higher than the                  at September 30, 2022.
                                redemption rates for deferred sales charge and low load
                                                                                                        For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, Mackenzie mutual
                                assets with redemption fees.
                                                                                                        fund gross sales were $1.6 billion, an increase of 21.7% from
                                Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life             the third quarter of 2022. Mutual fund redemptions were
                                and to the Wealth Management segment for the twelve months              $2.5 billion, an increase of 34.7% from the third quarter
                                ended December 31, 2022 were $1.9 billion compared to net               of 2022. Net redemptions of Mackenzie mutual funds for
                                sales of $5.1 billion last year. During the twelve month period,        the current quarter were $966 million compared with net
                                investment returns resulted in assets decreasing by $8.4 billion        redemptions of $594 million in the previous quarter.
                                compared to an increase of $7.4 billion last year.
                                                                                                        Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in the current
                                During 2021, Mackenzie was awarded $680 million of sub-                 quarter were $2.5 billion, compared to $1.8 billion in the third
                                advisory mandates through our strategic partnership with                quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly redemption rate
                                China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC).                            for long-term mutual funds for the current quarter was 18.2%
                                                                                                        compared to 13.4% in the third quarter.
                                During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, an
                                institutional investor redeemed $291 million within products            For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, Mackenzie ETF net
                                that Mackenzie sub-advises and Wealthsimple made allocation             creations were $134 million compared to ($86) million in the
                                changes which resulted in $675 million in purchases in                  third quarter.
                                Mackenzie ETFs. Excluding these two transactions and the
                                                                                                        Investment fund net redemptions in the current quarter were
                                2021 ChinaAMC award and transactions previously mentioned,
                                                                                                        $832 million compared to net redemptions of $680 million in
                                total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada
                                                                                                        the third quarter.
                                Life and to the Wealth Management segment for the twelve
                                months ended December 31, 2022 were $2.3 billion compared               As at December 31, 2022, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                to net sales of $5.5 billion last year.                                 Canada Life were $47.0 billion compared to $45.0 billion


 PART C
                                                                                                        at September 30, 2022.
                                As at December 31, 2022, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to
                                Canada Life were $47.0 billion compared to $52.8 billion                As at December 31, 2022, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to the
                                at December 31, 2021.                                                   Wealth Management segment were $73.5 billion or 70.8% of
                                                                                                        total Wealth Management assets under management compared
                                As at December 31, 2022, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to the
                                                                                                        to $71.8 billion or 71.8% of total Wealth Management assets
                                Wealth Management segment were $73.5 billion or 70.8% of
                                                                                                        under management at September 30, 2022.




                           50 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 34                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 34                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Investment Management                                                                  by Morningstar † had a rating of three stars or better and
                                                                                                57.1% had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to the
         Mackenzie has $186.6 billion in assets under management at
                                                                                                Morningstar † universe of 84.0% for three stars or better and
         December 31, 2022, including $73.5 billion of sub-advisory
                                                                                                53.3% for four and five star funds at December 31, 2022.
         mandates to the Wealth Management segment. It has teams
         located in Toronto, Winnipeg, Vancouver, Boston, Dublin and                            Mackenzie was once again recognized for industry leading
         Hong Kong.                                                                             performance during 2022 by winning the following awards:
                                                                                                • Refinitiv Lipper awards – seven awards in respect of six
         We continue to deliver our investment offerings through a
                                                                                                  mutual funds and one exchange traded fund. This award is
         boutique structure, with separate in-house investment teams
                                                                                                  presented annually and honours funds that lead in delivering
         which each have a distinct focus and investment approach.
                                                                                                  strong, risk-adjusted performance relative to their peers.
         Our investment team currently consists of 17 boutiques. This
         boutique approach promotes diversification of styles and                               • Fundata FundGrade A+ – eight awards in respect of four
         ideas and provides Mackenzie with a breadth of capabilities.                             mutual funds and four exchange traded funds. This award
         Oversight is conducted through a common process intended                                 is presented annually and honours funds that achieve
         to promote superior risk-adjusted returns over time. This                                consistently high FundGrade scores throughout the
         oversight process focuses on i) identifying and encouraging                              calendar year.
         each team’s performance edge, ii) promoting best practices in
         portfolio construction, and iii) emphasizing risk management.                          Products
         Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf enhances its                            Mackenzie continues to evolve its product shelf by providing
         investment capabilities by offering global private equity, private                     enhanced investment solutions for financial advisors to offer
         credit and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients.                         their clients. During 2022, Mackenzie launched thirty mutual
                                                                                                funds which included a suite of twenty-five FuturePath Funds
         In addition to our own investment teams, Mackenzie
                                                                                                through its new partnership with Primerica Financial Services
         supplements investment capabilities through the use of third
                                                                                                Canada (PFSL), two alternative funds in collaboration with
         party sub-advisors and strategic beta index providers in
                                                                                                Northleaf Capital Partners (Northleaf), and two ETFs, including
         selected areas. These include Putnam Investments, TOBAM,
                                                                                                one in collaboration with Wealthsimple. In January 2023,
         ChinaAMC, and Impax Asset Management. During 2022, 1832
                                                                                                Mackenzie filed the preliminary prospectus for the upcoming
         Asset Management, Addenda, Brandywine, Blackrock, and
                                                                                                launch of an additional mutual fund and ETF in partnership
         T. Rowe Price were added as sub-advisors for the launch of
                                                                                                with Corporate Knights.
         the suite of Mackenzie FuturePath Funds designed to address
         the specific needs of Primerica advisors and their clients.
                                                                                                Mutual Funds
         During 2022, Mackenzie undertook a number of initiatives on
         climate change in support of the global goal to reach net zero                         Mackenzie manages its product shelf through new fund
         by 2050. This builds upon Mackenzie’s sustainability strategy,                         launches and fund mergers to streamline fund offerings for
         and these items included the following:                                                advisors and investors. During the first three quarters of 2022,
                                                                                                Mackenzie launched 29 mutual funds:
         • Released net zero 2030 interim targets.
                                                                                                • Mackenzie North American Equity Fund
         • Commenced engagements with the 100 companies
           responsible for the majority of the financed emissions                               • Mackenzie North American Balanced Fund
           produced by companies Mackenzie invests in for its clients.                          • Mackenzie Inflation-Focused Fund
         • Continued to attract talent and enhance data and capabilities                        • Mackenzie USD US Mid Cap Opportunities Fund
           to address risks associated with climate change.                                     • 25 Mackenzie FuturePath funds supporting a new
                                                                                                  partnership with Primerica. This new family of funds will
         Long-term investment performance is a key measure of
                                                                                                  harness a wide selection of Mackenzie’s competitive
         Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At December 31, 2022, 55.8%




                                                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                  investment strategies and covers all major CIFSC categories
         of Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in the top two
                                                                                                  and investment styles.

                                                                                                                                                                                             PART C
         performance quartiles for the one year time frame, 58.2%
         for the three year time frame and 64.6% for the five year                              During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Mackenzie Bluewater
         time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its fund performance                               Next Gen Growth Fund was launched. This global equity fund
         relative to the ratings it receives on its mutual funds from                           invests in innovation leaders across geographies, sectors,
         the Morningstar † fund ranking service. At December 31,                                and market capitalizations who have a significant competitive
         2022, 85.9% of Mackenzie mutual fund assets measured                                   advantage, strong growth opportunities and a unique
                                                                                                value proposition.




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  51
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C 35




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 35                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Alternative Funds                                                      During 2022, Mackenzie launched two new ETFs. These ETFs
                                                                                                       further broadened our diverse offerings of ETFs:
                                Mackenzie currently has ten funds in the alternatives space
                                                                                                       • Wealthsimple North American Green Bond Index ETF
                                including four products in collaboration with Northleaf Capital
                                Partners (Northleaf). During 2022, Mackenzie launched two              • Mackenzie Emerging Markets Equity Index ETF
                                products in collaboration with Northleaf as part of its ongoing        Mackenzie’s current line-up consists of 45 ETFs: 24 active and
                                commitment to expand retail investor access to private market          strategic beta ETFs and 21 traditional index ETFs. ETF assets
                                investment solutions.                                                  under management ended the quarter at $12.4 billion, inclusive
                                • Mackenzie Northleaf Private Credit Interval Fund                     of $7.2 billion in investments from IGM managed products. This
                                • Mackenzie Northleaf Global Private Equity Fund                       ranks Mackenzie in sixth place in the Canadian ETF industry for
                                                                                                       assets under management.
                                Exchange Traded Funds
                                The addition of Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) has
                                                                                                       2023 Launch
                                complemented Mackenzie’s broad and innovative fund                     In January 2023, the launch of the Mackenzie Corporate
                                line-up and reflects its investor-focused vision to provide            Knights Global 100 Index Mutual Fund and Mackenzie
                                advisors and investors with new solutions to drive investor            Corporate Knights Global Index ETF was confirmed. These
                                outcomes and achieve their personal goals. These ETFs offer            funds will invest in equity securities in a manner that tracks
                                investors another investment option when building long-term            the Corporate Knights Global 100 index.
                                diversified portfolios.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 PART C




                           52 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 36                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 36                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Review of Segment Operating Results
         The Asset Management segment includes revenue earned on                                        2022 vs. 2021
         advisory mandates to the Wealth Management segment and
         investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by the                                        Revenues
         Wealth Management segment.
                                                                                                        Asset management fees are classified as either Asset
         The Asset Management segment adjusted net earnings are                                         management fees – third party or Asset management fees –
         presented in Table 18. Adjusted net earnings for the fourth                                    Wealth Management.
         quarter of 2022 were $51.3 million, a decrease of 21.4% from                                   • Net asset management fees – third party is comprised
         the fourth quarter in 2021 and a decrease of 12.3% from                                          of the following:
         the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings for the year ended                                      - Asset management fees – third party consists of
         December 31, 2022 were $213.2 million, a decrease of 11.5%                                         management and administration fees earned from our
         from 2021.                                                                                         investment funds and management fees from our third
         Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the fourth                                         party sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts.
         quarter of 2022 were $76.0 million, a decrease of 17.7% from                                       The largest component is management fees from our
         the fourth quarter in 2021 and a decrease of 11.0% from the                                        investment funds. The amount of management fees
         prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes                                         depends on the level and composition of assets under
         for the year ended December 31, 2022 were $313.1 million,                                          management. Management fee rates vary depending
         a decrease of 9.4% from 2021.                                                                      on the investment objective and the account type of
                                                                                                            the underlying assets under management. For example,
                                                                                                            equity-based mandates have higher management fee



         Table 18: Operating Results – Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                  Change
         Three months ended                                                                                      2022          2022          2021       2022        2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                          Dec. 31       Sep. 30       Dec. 31    Sep. 30     Dec. 31
         Revenues
          Asset management
             Asset management fees – third party                                                           $    232.5    $   234.7     $    265.4        (0.9)%    (12.4)%
             Redemption fees                                                                                      0.7           0.7           1.4           –      (50.0)
                                                                                                                233.2        235.4         266.8         (0.9)     (12.6)
          Dealer compensation expenses
             Asset-based compensation                                                                           (76.9)        (77.5)        (88.1)       (0.8)     (12.7)
             Sales-based compensation                                                                               –             –           (3.6)         –     (100.0)
                                                                                                                (76.9)        (77.5)        (91.7)       (0.8)      (16.1)
          Net asset management fees – third party                                                               156.3         157.9         175.1        (1.0)     (10.7)
          Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                              27.3          27.3          30.0           –        (9.0)
          Net asset management                                                                                  183.6         185.2         205.1        (0.9)     (10.5)
          Net investment income and other                                                                         5.6           3.8           1.3       47.4        N/M
                                                                                                                189.2         189.0        206.4         0.1         (8.3)
         Expenses
          Advisory and business development                                                                      21.3          16.4          24.1       29.9        (11.6)
          Operations and support                                                                                 90.9          86.0          88.3        5.7         2.9




                                                                                                                                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC.
          Sub-advisory                                                                                            1.0           1.2           1.6      (16.7)      (37.5)
                                                                                                                113.2         103.6         114.0        9.3         (0.7)

                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C
         Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                          76.0          85.4          92.4       (11.0)      (17.7)
         Interest expense                                                                                         5.9           5.9           5.9           –           –
         Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                70.1          79.5          86.5      (11.8)      (19.0)
         Income taxes                                                                                            18.8          21.0          21.2      (10.5)       (11.3)
         Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                          $     51.3    $     58.5    $     65.3      (12.3) %    (21.4)%

         (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                   53
                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C 37




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 37                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 18: Operating Results – Asset Management (continued)

                                Twelve months ended                                                                                                                    2022          2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                                                                         Dec. 31       Dec. 31    Change
                                Revenues
                                 Asset management
                                    Asset management fees – third party                                                                                          $    962.9    $   1,007.0      (4.4)%
                                    Redemption fees                                                                                                                     3.1           4.5      (31.1)
                                                                                                                                                                      966.0        1,011.5      (4.5)
                                 Dealer compensation expenses
                                    Asset-based compensation                                                                                                         (320.3)       (335.8)      (4.6)
                                    Sales-based compensation                                                                                                           (7.3)         (19.5)    (62.6)
                                                                                                                                                                     (327.6)       (355.3)      (7.8)
                                 Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                              638.4         656.2       (2.7)
                                 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                            111.7         114.6       (2.5)
                                 Net asset management                                                                                                                 750.1         770.8       (2.7)
                                 Net investment income and other                                                                                                        5.7           5.8       (1.7)
                                                                                                                                                                      755.8         776.6       (2.7)
                                Expenses
                                 Advisory and business development                                                                                                     79.4          88.7      (10.5)
                                 Operations and support                                                                                                               358.4         335.6        6.8
                                 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                           4.9           6.9      (29.0)
                                                                                                                                                                      442.7         431.2        2.7
                                Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes    (1)
                                                                                                                                                                      313.1         345.4       (9.4)
                                Interest expense                                                                                                                       23.5          23.6       (0.4)
                                Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                              289.6         321.8      (10.0)
                                Income taxes                                                                                                                           76.4          81.0       (5.7)
                                Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                         $    213.2    $    240.8      (11.5)%

                                (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                      rates than exchange traded funds, fixed income mandates                                  and on a low load purchase option. Mackenzie stopped
                                      and retail mutual fund accounts have higher management                                   selling deferred sales charge purchase options and low
                                      fee rates than sub-advised and institutional accounts. The                               load purchase options as of June 1, 2022, in accordance
                                      majority of Mackenzie’s mutual fund assets are retail and                                with regulatory changes.
                                      sold through third party financial advisors.                                      • Asset management fees – Wealth Management
                                   - Redemption fees – consists of fees earned from the                                   consists of sub-advisory fees earned from the Wealth
                                      redemptions of mutual fund assets sold on a deferred                                 Management segment.
                                      sales charge purchase option and on a low load purchase
                                                                                                                        Net asset management fees – third party were $156.3 million
                                      option. Redemption fees charged for deferred sales charge
                                                                                                                        for the three months ended December 31, 2022, a decrease
                                      assets range from 5.5% in the first year and decrease
                                                                                                                        of $18.8 million or 10.7% from $175.1 million last year. The
                                      to zero after seven years. Redemption fees for low load
                                                                                                                        decrease in net asset management fees – third party was due
                                      assets range from 2.0% to 3.0% in the first year and
                                                                                                                        to an 11.1% decrease in average assets under management,
                                      decrease to zero after two or three years, depending on
                                                                                                                        as shown in Table 16, offset by an increase in the net asset
                                      the purchase option.
                                                                                                                        management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management
                                   - Dealer compensation expenses – consists of asset-
                                                                                                                        fee rate was 55.1 basis points for the three months ended




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                     based and sales-based compensation. Asset-based                                    December 31, 2022, compared to 54.8 basis points in the
                                     compensation represents trailing commissions paid to
 PART C
                                                                                                                        comparative period in 2021. The increase in rate was mostly
                                     dealers on certain classes of retail mutual funds and are                          driven by lower selling commissions.
                                     calculated as a percentage of mutual fund assets under
                                     management. These fees vary depending on the fund type                             Net asset management fees – third party were $638.4 million
                                     and the purchase option upon which the fund was sold:                              for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of
                                     front-end, deferred sales charge or low load. Sales-based                          $17.8 million or 2.7% from $656.2 million last year. The decrease
                                     compensation are paid to dealers on the sale of mutual                             in net asset management fees – third party was primarily due
                                     funds under the deferred sales charge purchase option                              to a 2.6% decrease in average assets under management,




                           54 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 38                                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 38                                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         as shown in Table 16. Mackenzie’s net asset management                                 Sub-advisory expenses were $1.0 million for the three months
         fee rate was 54.2 basis points for the twelve months ended                             ended December 31, 2022, compared to $1.6 million in 2021.
         December 31, 2022, consistent with 2021.                                               Expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022
                                                                                                were $4.9 million, compared to $6.9 million last year, due to
         Management fees – Wealth Management were $27.3 million
                                                                                                lower sub-advisory assets.
         for the three months ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of
         $2.7 million or 9.0% from $30.0 million last year. The decrease
         in management fees was primarily due to an 8.4% decrease in                            Interest Expense
         average assets under management. Mackenzie’s management                                Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense
         fee rate was 14.7 basis points for the three months ended                              on long-term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled
         December 31, 2022 compared to 14.8 basis points in the                                 $5.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, unchanged from the
         comparative period in 2021.                                                            comparative period in 2021. Interest expense for the twelve
                                                                                                month period was $23.5 million compared to $23.6 million in
         Management fees – Wealth Management were $111.7 million
                                                                                                2021. Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based on
         for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, a decrease
                                                                                                a long-term debt allocation of $0.4 billion to Mackenzie.
         of $2.9 million or 2.5% from $114.6 million last year. The
         decrease in management fees was due to a 2.2% decrease in
         average assets under management. Mackenzie’s management                                Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022
         fee rate was 14.7 basis points for the twelve months ended
                                                                                                Revenues
         December 31, 2022, consistent with 2021.
                                                                                                Net asset management fees – third party were $156.3 million
         Net investment income and other primarily includes investment
                                                                                                for the current quarter, a decrease of $1.6 million or 1.0% from
         returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary
                                                                                                $157.9 million in the third quarter. Factors contributing to the
         funds. These investments are generally made in the process of
                                                                                                net decrease are as follows:
         launching a fund and are sold as third party investors subscribe.
                                                                                                • Average assets under management were $112.7 billion in the
         Net investment income and other was $5.6 million for the three
                                                                                                  current quarter, a decrease of 0.7% from the prior quarter.
         months ended December 31, 2022 compared to $1.3 million
         last year, and was $5.7 million for the twelve months ended                            • Net asset management fee rate was 55.1 basis points for
         December 31, 2022 compared to $5.8 million last year.                                    the current quarter compared to 55.2 basis points in the
                                                                                                  third quarter.

         Expenses                                                                               Management fees – Wealth Management were $27.3 million
                                                                                                in the current quarter, unchanged from the prior quarter.
         Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development
                                                                                                The decline in average assets under management was offset
         expenses that primarily include wholesale distribution
                                                                                                by an increase in the management fee rate. Average assets
         activities and these costs vary directly with assets or sales
                                                                                                under management were $73.6 billion in the current quarter, a
         levels. Advisory and business development expenses were
                                                                                                decrease of 0.4% from the prior quarter. The management fee
         $21.3 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022,
                                                                                                rate was 14.7 basis points in the current quarter, compared to
         a decrease of $2.8 million or 11.6% from $24.1 million in 2021.
                                                                                                14.6 basis points in the third quarter.
         Expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022
         were $79.4 million, a decrease of $9.3 million or 10.5% from                           Net investment income and other was $5.6 million for the
         $88.7 million last year. The decline in the three and twelve                           current quarter, compared to $3.8 million in the third quarter.
         month periods was attributed to lower wholesaler commissions
         consistent with the decline in net investment fund net sales.
                                                                                                Expenses
         Operations and support includes costs associated with                                  Advisory and business development expenses were
         business operations, including technology and business                                 $21.3 million for the current quarter, an increase of $4.9 million
         processes, in-house investment management and product                                  or 29.9% from $16.4 million in the third quarter. The increase




                                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         shelf management, corporate management and support                                     in the current quarter is due to higher wholesaler commissions

                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
         functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,                              and the timing of certain expenses.
         technology and other service provider expenses. Operations
         and support expenses were $90.9 million for the three months                           Operations and support expenses were $90.9 million for
         ended December 31, 2022, an increase of $2.6 million or 2.9%                           the current quarter, an increase of $4.9 million or 5.7% from
         from $88.3 million in 2021. Expenses for the twelve months                             $86.0 million compared to the third quarter.
         ended December 31, 2022 were $358.4 million, an increase of                            Sub-advisory expenses were $1.0 million for the current
         $22.8 million or 6.8% from $335.6 million last year.                                   quarter, compared to $1.2 million in the third quarter.




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                   55
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C 39




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 39                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Strategic Investments and Other
                                Review of Segment Operating Results
                                The Strategic Investments and Other segment includes                  2022 vs. 2021
                                investments in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China Asset
                                                                                                      The proportionate share of associates’ earnings increased
                                Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Northleaf Capital Group
                                                                                                      by $14.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to
                                Ltd. (Northleaf), Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple),
                                                                                                      the fourth quarter of 2021 and increased by $14.3 million
                                Portage Ventures LPs. (Portage), and unallocated capital.
                                                                                                      in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared
                                Earnings from the Strategic Investments and Other segment             to 2021. These earnings reflect equity earnings from Lifeco,
                                include the Company’s proportionate share of earnings of              ChinaAMC and Northleaf, as discussed in the Consolidated
                                its associates, Lifeco, ChinaAMC and Northleaf as well as net         Financial Position section of this MD&A. The increase in the
                                investment income on unallocated capital.                             three month period was due to increases in the proportionate
                                                                                                      share of Lifeco’s earnings of $10.5 million and Northleaf’s
                                On January 12, 2023, the Company closed the previously
                                                                                                      earnings of $7.4 million, offset in part by a decrease in the
                                announced transaction to acquire Power’s 13.9% interest in
                                                                                                      proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s earnings of $2.8 million.
                                ChinaAMC as discussed in the Consolidated Financial Position
                                                                                                      The increase in the twelve month period was due to increases
                                section of this MD&A. To partially fund the transaction, IGM
                                                                                                      in the proportionate share of Lifeco’s earnings of $3.1 million
                                Financial sold 1.6% of its 4% interest in Lifeco.
                                                                                                      and Northleaf’s earnings of $16.0 million, offset in part by a
                                Assets held by the Strategic Investments and Other segment            decrease in the proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s earnings
                                are included in Table 19.                                             of $4.4 million.

                                Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to any of        Net investment income and other was $7.4 million in the
                                the operating companies and which would be available for              fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of $6.3 million from
                                investment, debt repayment, distribution to shareholders or           $1.1 million in 2021. Net investment income and other was
                                other corporate purposes. This capital is invested in highly          $14.6 million for the twelve month period in 2022, an increase
                                liquid, high quality financial instruments in accordance with         of $11.9 million from $2.7 million in 2021. The increase in both
                                the Company’s Investment Policy.                                      the three and twelve month periods from 2021 was primarily
                                                                                                      related to interest rate increases earned on the Company’s
                                Strategic Investments and Other segment adjusted net
                                                                                                      unallocated capital.
                                earnings are presented in Table 20.




                                Table 19: Total Assets – Strategic Investments and Other

                                ($ millions)                                                                                                   December 31, 2022   December 31, 2021

                                Investments in associates
                                 Lifeco                                                                                                             $   1,075.2         $   1,020.8
                                 ChinaAMC                                                                                                                 787.2               768.7
                                 Northleaf                                                                                                                284.5               258.8
                                 Other                                                                                                                     40.1                   –




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                        2,187.0             2,048.3


 PART C
                                FVTOCI investments
                                 Wealthsimple (direct investment only)                                                                                    484.1              1,133.5
                                 Portage and other investments                                                                                            118.5               157.9
                                                                                                                                                          602.6             1,291.4
                                Unallocated capital and other                                                                                             782.3               767.5
                                Total assets                                                                                                        $   3,571.9         $    4,107.2
                                Lifeco fair value                                                                                                   $   1,168.3         $   1,415.5




                           56 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 40                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 40                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Table 20: Operating Results – Strategic Investments and Other

                                                                                                                                                                   Change
         Three months ended                                                                                     2022          2022          2021          2022       2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                         Dec. 31       Sep. 30       Dec. 31       Sep. 30    Dec. 31

         Revenues
          Net investment income and other                                                                 $      7.4    $      4.7    $       1.1         57.4 %     N/M %
          Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
             Investment in Lifeco                                                                               40.9          27.6          30.4          48.2       34.5
             Investment in ChinaAMC                                                                             14.2          14.7          17.0           (3.4)    (16.5)
             Investment in Northleaf                                                                            10.7           4.6           3.3         132.6      224.2
             Other                                                                                              (0.4)            –             –          N/M        N/M
                                                                                                                65.4          46.9          50.7          39.4       29.0
                                                                                                                72.8          51.6          51.8          41.1       40.5
         Expenses
          Operations and support                                                                                 0.4            1.1          1.3         (63.6)     (69.2)
         Adjusted earnings before income taxes     (1)
                                                                                                                72.4          50.5          50.5          43.4       43.4
         Income taxes                                                                                            4.8           2.4           1.5         100.0      220.0
         Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                               67.6          48.1          49.0          40.5       38.0
         Non-controlling interest                                                                                2.1           0.9           0.7         133.3      200.0
         Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                        $     65.5    $     47.2    $     48.3          38.8 %     35.6 %

         Twelve months ended                                                                                                                2022          2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                                                     Dec. 31       Dec. 31    Change

         Revenues
          Net investment income and other                                                                                             $     14.6    $      2.7       N/M %
          Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
             Investment in Lifeco                                                                                                          128.2         125.1        2.5
             Investment in ChinaAMC                                                                                                         57.2          61.6        (7.1)
             Investment in Northleaf                                                                                                        25.7           9.7      164.9
             Other                                                                                                                          (0.4)             –      N/M
                                                                                                                                           210.7         196.4        7.3
                                                                                                                                           225.3         199.1       13.2
         Expenses
          Operations and support                                                                                                             4.9           4.9          –
         Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                          220.4         194.2       13.5
         Income taxes                                                                                                                        9.6           4.9       95.9
         Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                          210.8         189.3       11.4
         Non-controlling interest                                                                                                            5.1           2.0      155.0
         Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                    $    205.7    $    187.3        9.8 %
         (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




         Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022
         The proportionate share of associates’ earnings was
         $65.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of
         $18.5 million from the third quarter of 2022, primarily due




                                                                                                                                                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         to increases in the proportionate share of Lifeco earnings


                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C
         and Northleaf earnings. Net investment income and other
         was $7.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of
         $2.7 million from $4.7 million in the third quarter. The increase
         in Net investment income and other for the fourth quarter of
         2022 compared to the prior quarter primarily related to interest
         rate increases earned on the Company’s unallocated capital.




                                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  57
                                                         P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C 41




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 41                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                IGM Financial Inc.
                                Consolidated Financial Position
                                IGM Financial’s total assets were $18.9 billion at December 31,         Portage consists of early-stage investment funds dedicated
                                2022, compared to $17.7 billion at December 31, 2021.                   to backing innovating financial services companies and are
                                                                                                        controlled by Power Corporation of Canada.

                                Other Investments                                                       The total fair value of Corporate investments of $603 million
                                                                                                        at December 31, 2022 is presented net of certain costs
                                The composition of the Company’s securities holdings is
                                                                                                        incurred within the limited partnership structures holding
                                detailed in Table 21.
                                                                                                        the underlying investments.

                                Fair Value Through Other
                                                                                                        Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
                                Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
                                                                                                        Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities and
                                Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded in Other
                                                                                                        proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are recorded
                                comprehensive income.
                                                                                                        in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated
                                Corporate Investments                                                   Statements of Earnings.

                                Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the Company’s           Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated where
                                investments in Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple),             the Company has made the assessment that it controls the
                                and Portag3 Ventures LP, Portag3 Ventures II LP and Portage             investment fund. The underlying securities of these funds are
                                Ventures III LP (Portage) and are recorded at FVTOCI.                   classified as FVTPL.

                                Wealthsimple is a financial company that provides simple digital
                                tools for growing and managing your money.                              Loans
                                The Company is the largest shareholder in Wealthsimple with             The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed in Table 22.
                                a combined direct and indirect interest of 24% and fair value
                                                                                                        Loans consisted of residential mortgages and represented
                                of $492 million at December 31, 2022, unchanged from the
                                                                                                        26.6% of total assets at December 31, 2022, compared to 30.3%
                                prior quarter and a decline of $661 million from $1,153 million
                                                                                                        at December 31, 2021.
                                at December 31, 2021. Fair value is determined by using
                                observable transactions in the investments’ securities,                 Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily comprised
                                where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation             of residential mortgages sold to securitization programs
                                metrics, including revenue multiples, used in the valuation             sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to
                                of comparable public companies. This change in fair value is            investors. An offsetting liability, Obligations to securitization
                                consistent with changes in stock market valuations and public           entities, has been recorded and totalled $4.6 billion
                                market peer multiples, as well as company revenue and other             at December 31, 2022, compared to $5.1 billion at
                                financial forecasts.                                                    December 31, 2021.




                                Table 21: Other Investments




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                         December 31, 2022              December 31, 2021
                                ($ millions)                                                                                            Cost         Fair Value        Cost       Fair Value


 PART C
                                Fair value through other comprehensive income
                                 Corporate investments                                                                           $     242.7     $      602.6     $   226.2   $    1,291.4
                                Fair value through profit or loss
                                 Equity securities                                                                                      12.7              12.9          1.2             1.6
                                 Proprietary investment funds                                                                          156.7            159.0         101.3          105.0
                                                                                                                                       169.4            171.9         102.5          106.6
                                                                                                                                 $     412.1     $      774.5     $   328.7   $ 1,398.0




                           58 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 42                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 42                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Table 22: Loans

         ($ millions)                                                                                                                December 31, 2022   December 31, 2021

         Amortized cost                                                                                                                  $    5,022.3       $     5,297.0
          Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                               0.8                 0.6
                                                                                                                                              5,021.5             5,296.4
         Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                          –                57.4
                                                                                                                                         $    5,021.5       $     5,353.8




         The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization. Loans                              term of the mortgages, ii) the component of swaps entered into
         measured at fair value through profit or loss are residential                              under the CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons
         mortgages held temporarily by the Company pending                                          on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment returns
         sale. Loans held for securitization are carried at amortized                               on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal, are recorded
         cost. Total loans being held pending sale or securitization                                at fair value, and iii) cash reserves held under the ABCP
         are $371.9 million at December 31, 2022, compared to                                       program are carried at amortized cost.
         $315.8 million at December 31, 2021.
                                                                                                    In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company securitized loans
         Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth Management                                   through its mortgage banking operations with cash proceeds
         are funded primarily through sales to third parties on a fully                             of $351.4 million compared to $283.7 million in 2021. Additional
         serviced basis, including Canada Mortgage and Housing                                      information related to the Company’s securitization activities,
         Corporation (CMHC) or Canadian bank sponsored securitization                               including the Company’s hedges of related reinvestment
         programs. At December 31, 2022, IG Wealth Management                                       and interest rate risk, can be found in the Financial Risk
         serviced $9.0 billion of residential mortgages, including                                  section of this MD&A and in Note 7 to the Consolidated
         $2.2 billion originated by subsidiaries of Lifeco.                                         Financial Statements.


         Securitization Arrangements                                                                Investment in Associates
         Through the Company’s mortgage banking operations,                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco)
         residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                    At December 31, 2022, the Company held a 4.0% equity interest
         mortgage planning specialists are sold to securitization trusts
                                                                                                    in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled by Power
         sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to
                                                                                                    Corporation of Canada.
         investors. The Company securitizes residential mortgages
         through the CMHC sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-                                  The equity method is used to account for IGM Financial’s
         Backed Securities (NHA MBS) and the Canada Mortgage                                        investment in Lifeco, as it exercises significant influence.
         Bond Program (CMB Program) and through Canadian bank-                                      Changes in the carrying value for the three and twelve months
         sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs.                                   ended December 31, 2022 compared with 2021 are shown in
         The Company retains servicing responsibilities and certain                                 Table 23.
         elements of credit risk and prepayment risk associated with
                                                                                                    On January 12, 2023, to partially fund the acquisition of an
         the transferred assets. The Company’s credit risk on its
                                                                                                    additional 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC, the Company sold
         securitized mortgages is partially mitigated through the use
                                                                                                    15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash
         of insurance. Derecognition of financial assets in accordance
                                                                                                    consideration of $553 million, which reduced the Company’s
         with IFRS is based on the transfer of risks and rewards of
                                                                                                    equity interest in Lifeco from 4.0% to 2.4%. The Company
         ownership. As the Company has retained prepayment risk and
                                                                                                    will continue to equity account for its 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
         certain elements of credit risk associated with the Company’s
                                                                                                    IGM Financial’s accounting gain on sale of the Lifeco Shares




                                                                                                                                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         securitization transactions through the CMB and ABCP
                                                                                                    is approximately $124 million before tax. Lifeco will be
         programs, they are accounted for as secured borrowings. The
                                                                                                    implementing IFRS 17 effective January 1, 2023, which will
                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C
         Company records the transactions under these programs as
                                                                                                    impact the accounting gain ultimately recognized on the sale
         follows: i) the mortgages and related obligations are carried
                                                                                                    of Lifeco shares.
         at amortized cost, with interest income and interest expense,
         utilizing the effective interest rate method, recorded over the




                                                          Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                       59
                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C 43




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 43                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 23: Investment in Associates

                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2022                                         December 31, 2021
                                ($ millions)                                         Lifeco    ChinaAMC       Northleaf           Other         Total          Lifeco     ChinaAMC     Northleaf             Total

                                Three months ended
                                Carrying value, October 1                        $ 1,038.9      $   764.8     $   273.8       $       –    $ 2,077.5      $ 1,001.5       $   742.6    $   255.3       $ 1,999.4
                                 Investment                                               –              –             –           40.5          40.5                –            –          0.2              0.2
                                 Dividends                                            (18.3)             –             –              –         (18.3)          (18.3)            –            –           (18.3)
                                 Proportionate share of:
                                     Earnings(1)                                       40.9          14.2          10.7 (2)        (0.4)         65.4           30.4           17.0          3.3 (2)         50.7
                                     Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                     and other adjustments                             13.7           8.2              –              –          21.9               7.2         9.1            –             16.3
                                Carrying value, December 31                      $ 1,075.2      $   787.2     $   284.5       $    40.1    $ 2,187.0      $ 1,020.8       $   768.7    $   258.8       $ 2,048.3
                                Twelve months ended
                                Carrying value, January 1                        $ 1,020.8      $   768.7     $   258.8       $       –    $ 2,048.3      $    962.4      $   720.3    $   248.5       $ 1,931.2
                                 Investment                                               –              –             –           40.5          40.5                –            –          0.6              0.6
                                 Dividends                                            (73.2)        (31.3)             –              –       (104.5)           (67.4)        (26.8)           –           (94.2)
                                 Proportionate share of:
                                     Earnings(1)                                     128.2           57.2          25.7 (2)        (0.4)       210.7           125.1           61.6          9.7 (2)      196.4
                                     Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                     and other adjustments                             (0.6)          (7.4)            –              –          (8.0)              0.7        13.6            –             14.3
                                Carrying value, December 31                      $ 1,075.2      $   787.2     $   284.5       $    40.1    $ 2,187.0      $ 1,020.8       $   768.7    $   258.8       $ 2,048.3
                                (1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in the Strategic Investments and Other segment.
                                (2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of Non-controlling interest, was $8.6 million and $20.6 million, respectively, for the three and twelve
                                    month periods in 2022 compared to $2.6 million and $7.7 million, respectively, in 2021.




                                China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC)                                                   Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf)
                                Founded in 1998 as one of the first fund management                                           The Company, through an acquisition vehicle held by the
                                companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and maintained                                     Company’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, holds a 49.9% voting
                                a position among the market leaders in China’s asset                                          interest and a 70% economic interest in Northleaf. The
                                management industry.                                                                          acquisition vehicle is owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20%
                                                                                                                              by Lifeco. Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit
                                ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding
                                                                                                                              and infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.
                                subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥
                                1,721.6 billion ($337.6 billion) at December 31, 2022,                                        Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase
                                representing an increase of 3.6% (CAD$ 2.2%) from RMB¥                                        the remaining equity and voting interest in Northleaf
                                1,661.6 billion ($330.5 billion) at December 31, 2021.                                        commencing in approximately five years from the acquisition
                                                                                                                              date and extending into future periods. The equity method
                                The equity method is used to account for the Company’s
                                                                                                                              is used to account for the acquisition vehicle’s 70% economic
                                13.9% equity interest in ChinaAMC, as it exercises significant
                                                                                                                              interest as it exercises significant influence. Significant
                                influence. Changes in the carrying value for the three and
                                                                                                                              influence arises from board representation, participating in
                                twelve months ended December 31, 2022 are shown in
                                                                                                                              the policy making process and shared strategic initiatives.
                                Table 23. The increase in Other comprehensive income of
                                $8.1 million in the three months ended December 31, 2022,                                     The Company controls the acquisition vehicle therefore it
                                was due to a 1.0% appreciation of the Chinese yuan relative                                   recognizes the full 70% economic interest in Northleaf and
                                to the Canadian dollar.                                                                       recognizes Non-controlling interest (NCI) related to Lifeco’s




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                              net interest in Northleaf of 14%.
                                On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional


 PART C
                                13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration of                                          Northleaf’s assets under management, including invested
                                $1.15 billion from Power which increased the Company’s                                        capital and uninvested commitments, were $24.1 billion as at
                                equity interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%. The                                          December 31, 2022, representing an increase of $4.6 billion or
                                Company will continue to equity account for its 27.8% interest                                23.6% from $19.5 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase
                                in ChinaAMC.                                                                                  during the twelve month period was driven by $3.8 billion in
                                                                                                                              new commitments and an increase of $1.2 billion related to
                                                                                                                              foreign exchange on USD denominated assets, offset in part by
                                                                                                                              a decrease of $0.4 billion related to return of capital and other.




                           60 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 44                                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 44                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
         Liquidity
         Cash and cash equivalents totalled $1,072.9 million at                                        compared to $1,547.0 million for 2021. EBITDA before sales
         December 31, 2022 compared with $1,292.4 million at                                           commissions excludes the impact of both commissions paid
         December 31, 2021. Cash and cash equivalents related                                          and commission amortization (refer to Table 1).
         to the Company’s deposit operations were $0.8 million at
         December 31, 2022, compared to $1.3 million at December 31,                                   Earnings Before Interest, Taxes,
         2021, as shown in Table 24.                                                                   Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA)(1)
                                                                                                       For the financial year ($ millions)
         Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held by
         clients within their investment accounts and with the offset                                                                        1,547
         included in deposit liabilities.                                                                                                              1,426      EBITDA before
                                                                                                             1,333                                                sales commissions
                                                                                                                         1,294
                                                                                                                                     1,226
         Working capital, which consists of current assets less current
         liabilities, totalled $846.8 million at December 31, 2022
         compared with $908.0 million at December 31, 2021 (Table 25).

         Working capital, which includes unallocated capital, is
         utilized to:                                                                                                                                             EBITDA after
                                                                                                             1,145       1,129       1,087   1,377     1,295
                                                                                                                                                                  sales commissions
         • Finance ongoing operations, including the funding
           of sales commissions.
         • Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage
           banking operations.                                                                               2018        2019        2020    2021      2022

         • Pay interest related to long-term debt.
                                                                                                       EBITDA before and after sales commissions excluded the following:
         • Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.
                                                                                                       2018 – charges related to restructuring and other and the premium
         • Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding common shares.
                                                                                                               paid on the early redemption of debentures.
         • Finance common share repurchases and retirement of                                          2019 – the Company’s proportionate share of associate’s
           long-term debt.                                                                                     one-time charges.
         • Capital investment in the business and business acquisitions.                               2020 – the gain on sale of Personal Capital, gain on sale of Quadrus
                                                                                                               Group of Funds net of acqusition costs, the Company’s
         IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash flows from
                                                                                                               proportionate share of associate’s adjustments and
         its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
                                                                                                               restructuring and other.
         and amortization before sales commissions (EBITDA before
                                                                                                       2021 – additional consideration receivable related to the
         sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS
                                                                                                               sale of Personal Capital in 2020.
         Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures), totalled
         $1,425.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,                                        (1) A Non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and
                                                                                                           Other Financial Measures section of this document.




         Table 24: Deposit Operations – Financial Position

         As at December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                                                          2022             2021
         Assets
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                        $       0.8    $         1.3




                                                                                                                                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC.
          Client funds on deposit                                                                                                                              4,347.4          2,238.6
          Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                                           0.6              0.6


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C
          Loans                                                                                                                                                    9.4             10.8
         Total assets                                                                                                                                      $ 4,358.2      $ 2,251.3
         Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
          Deposit liabilities                                                                                                                              $ 4,334.0      $ 2,220.3
          Other liabilities                                                                                                                                      15.2             20.4
          Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                                     9.0             10.6
         Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                                                                                        $ 4,358.2      $ 2,251.3




                                                             Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                                 61
                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             C 45




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 45                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 25: Working Capital

                                As at December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                                                 2022           2021

                                Current assets
                                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             $ 1,072.9      $ 1,292.4
                                 Client funds on deposit                                                                                                                    4,347.4        2,238.6
                                 Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                                         462.6          405.0
                                 Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                                           992.2        1,234.5
                                                                                                                                                                            6,875.1        5,170.5
                                Current liabilities
                                 Accounts and other payables                                                                                                                  726.4          879.1
                                 Deposits and certificates                                                                                                                  4,332.8        2,219.0
                                 Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                          969.1        1,164.4
                                                                                                                                                                            6,028.3        4,262.5
                                Working capital                                                                                                                        $      846.8   $      908.0




                                Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization              Cash and cash equivalents decreased by $219.5 million in 2022
                                after sales commissions (EBITDA after sales commissions),                   compared to an increase of $520.8 million in 2021.
                                a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and
                                                                                                            Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
                                Other Financial Measures), totalled $1,294.8 million for the year
                                                                                                            during the year ended 2022 compared to 2021 consist of
                                ended December 31, 2022, compared to $1,376.5 million for
                                                                                                            non-cash operating activities offset by cash operating activities:
                                2021. EBITDA after sales commissions excludes the impact of
                                                                                                            • The add-back of amortization of capitalized sales
                                commission amortization (refer to Table 1).
                                                                                                              commissions offset by the deduction of capitalized sales
                                Refer to the Financial Instruments Risk section of this MD&A                  commissions paid.
                                for information related to other sources of liquidity and to
                                                                                                            • The add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and
                                the Company’s exposure to and management of liquidity and
                                                                                                              other assets.
                                funding risk.
                                                                                                            • The deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings
                                                                                                              offset by dividends received.
                                Cash Flows                                                                  • The add-back of pension and other post-employment
                                Table 26 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated                        benefits offset by cash contributions.
                                Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the Consolidated               • Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.
                                Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022.
                                                                                                            • The deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.




                                Table 26: Cash Flows

                                                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                Twelve months ended ($ millions)                                                                                        Dec. 31         Dec. 31       Change

                                Operating activities
                                 Earnings before income taxes                                                                                        $ 1,122.9     $   1,267.7             (11.4)%




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 Income taxes paid                                                                                                      (330.9)            (153.5)        (115.6)


 PART C
                                 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities                                                              (54.3)           (170.6)         68.2
                                                                                                                                                         737.7             943.6           (21.8)
                                Financing activities                                                                                                   (1,091.9)       (1,521.9)           28.3
                                Investing activities                                                                                                     134.7         1,099.1             (87.7)
                                Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     (219.5)            520.8           N/M
                                Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                           1,292.4             771.6           67.5
                                Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                               $ 1,072.9     $ 1,292.4               (17.0)%




                           62 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 46                                                                   P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 46                                                                                                                                                  2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022                             Accumulated Other
         compared to 2021 related to:
                                                                                                  Comprehensive Income
         • An increase in obligations to securitization entities
           of $1,171.0 million and repayments of obligations to                                   Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled
           securitization entities of $1,626.9 million in 2022 compared                           $362.8 million at December 31, 2022, compared to
           to an increase in obligations to securitization entities                               $883.1 million at December 31, 2021, as detailed in Table 27.
           of $1,428.9 million and repayments of obligations to                                   The gain/loss related to Employee benefits is primarily
           securitization entities of $2,442.7 million in 2021.                                   driven by changes in discount rates. During the year ended
         • The purchase of 2,890,000 common shares in 2022 under                                  December 31, 2022, discount rates have increased by
           IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost of                                  approximately 1.95%, resulting in a gain through Other
           $115.7 million. There were no purchases in 2021.                                       comprehensive income of $137.0 million ($100.0 million
         • The payment of regular common share dividends which                                    after tax).
           totalled $537.2 million in 2022 compared to $537.0 million
                                                                                                  The loss related to Other investments in 2022 relates primarily
           in 2021.
                                                                                                  to changes in fair value of Wealthsimple which is consistent with
         Investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022                             the decline in stock markets and public market peer valuations,
         compared to 2021 primarily related to:                                                   and Wealthsimple focusing on its core business lines and
         • The purchases of other investments totalling $150.5 million                            revising revenue expectations.
            and sales of other investments with proceeds of                                       The loss for Investments in associates in 2022 relates to the
            $120.1 million in 2022 compared to $131.8 million and                                 Company’s portion of the associates’ Other comprehensive
            $348.2 million, respectively, in 2021.                                                income which consists primarily of employee benefits, foreign
         • An increase in loans of $1,274.4 million with repayments of                            exchange translation and available for sale securities.
           loans and other of $1,584.4 million in 2022 compared to
                                                                                                  In 2022, realized gains of $27.8 million ($24.0 million after-
           $1,776.1 million and $2,744.7 million, respectively, in 2021,
                                                                                                  tax) related to other investments were transferred from
           primarily related to residential mortgages in the Company’s
                                                                                                  Accumulated other comprehensive income to Other retained
           mortgage banking operations.
                                                                                                  earnings. In 2021, IGM Financial Inc. disposed of a portion of its
         • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and
                                                                                                  investment in Wealthsimple and a realized gain of $241 million
           acquisitions and other was $107.1 million in 2022 compared
                                                                                                  ($209 million after-tax) was transferred from Accumulated other
           to $75.3 million in 2021.
                                                                                                  comprehensive income to Other retained earnings.




         Table 27: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

                                                                                                                                              Investment
                                                                                                                Employee           Other    in Associates
         ($ millions)                                                                                            Benefits    Investments       and Other         Total

         2022
         Balance, January 1                                                                                 $      (95.7)    $    919.2      $      59.6    $   883.1




                                                                                                                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC.
          Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                        100.0         (585.5)           (10.8)       (496.3)


                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C
          Transfer out of fair value through other comprehensive income                                                 –          (24.0)              –         (24.0)
         Balance, December 31                                                                               $        4.3     $    309.7      $      48.8    $   362.8
         2021
         Balance, January 1                                                                                 $      (197.0)   $    293.5      $      39.9    $   136.4
          Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                        101.3          834.5             19.7        955.5
          Transfer out of fair value through other comprehensive income                                                 –        (208.8)               –        (208.8)
         Balance, December 31                                                                               $      (95.7)    $    919.2      $      59.6    $   883.1




                                                        Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                      63
                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  C 47




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 47                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Capital Resources                                                       Other activities in 2022 included the declaration of common
                                                                                                        share dividends of $536.1 million or $2.25 per share. Changes
                                The Company’s capital management objective is to maximize
                                                                                                        in common share capital are reflected in the Consolidated
                                shareholder returns while ensuring that the Company
                                                                                                        Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity.
                                is capitalized in a manner which appropriately supports
                                regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and              Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s
                                business expansion. The Company’s capital management                    senior unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook.
                                practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial        DBRS Morningstar’s current rating on the Company’s senior
                                position by maintaining a solid capital base and a strong               unsecured debentures is “A (High)” with a stable rating trend.
                                balance sheet. Capital of the Company consists of long-
                                                                                                        Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an
                                term debt and common shareholders’ equity which totalled
                                                                                                        independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of
                                $8.3 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to $8.6 billion
                                                                                                        a company and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and
                                at December 31, 2021. The Company regularly assesses
                                                                                                        the capacity of a company to meet its obligations in accordance
                                its capital management practices in response to changing
                                                                                                        with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating
                                economic conditions.
                                                                                                        categories for each of the agencies set forth below have been
                                The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its ongoing              obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites.
                                business operations to support working capital requirements,
                                                                                                        These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
                                long-term investments made by the Company, business
                                                                                                        the securities of the Company and do not address market price
                                expansion and other strategic objectives. Subsidiaries subject
                                                                                                        or other factors that might determine suitability of a specific
                                to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers,
                                                                                                        security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not
                                mutual fund dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio
                                                                                                        reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities
                                managers, investment fund managers and a trust company.
                                                                                                        and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the
                                These subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum
                                                                                                        rating organization.
                                levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity
                                or shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have                The A rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured
                                complied with all regulatory capital requirements.                      debentures by S&P is the sixth highest of the 22 ratings used
                                                                                                        for long-term debt. This rating indicates S&P’s view that the
                                The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.1 billion at
                                                                                                        Company’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the
                                December 31, 2022, unchanged from December 31, 2021.
                                                                                                        obligation is strong, but the obligation is somewhat more
                                Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which are senior
                                unsecured debt obligations of the Company subject to standard
                                                                                                        Capital
                                covenants, including negative pledges, but which do not include
                                                                                                        As at December 31 ($ millions)
                                any specified financial or operational covenants.
                                                                                                                                                        8,601
                                The Company purchased 2,890,000 common shares during                                                                               8,363
                                                                                                                                                         51
                                the year ended December 31, 2022 at a cost of $115.7 million                                                                        67
                                under its normal course issuer bid (refer to Note 18 to the                                                  7,143      2,100
                                                                                                                                                                   2,100
                                                                                                                                  6,599
                                Consolidated Financial Statements). The Company commenced                             6,452                       49

                                a normal course issuer bid on March 1, 2022 to purchase for                                                  2,100
                                cancellation up to 6 million of its common shares to mitigate                         1,850       2,100

                                the dilutive effect of stock options issued under the Company’s
                                stock option plan and for other capital management purposes.                           150


                                In connection with its normal course issuer bid, the Company
                                has established an automatic securities purchase plan for                             4,452       4,499      4,994      6,450      6,196
                                its common shares. The automatic securities purchase plan




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s


 PART C
                                common shares are to be purchased under its normal course
                                issuer bid during certain pre-determined trading blackout
                                                                                                                      2018        2019           2020   2021       2022
                                periods. Outside of these pre-determined trading blackout
                                periods, purchases under the Company’s normal course issuer                                          Non-controlling Interest
                                bid will be completed based upon management’s discretion.                                            Long-term Debt
                                                                                                                                     Perpetual Preferred Shares
                                                                                                                                     Common Shareholders’ Equity




                           64 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 48                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 48                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances                                  • Loans classified as held for trading are valued using market
         and economic conditions than obligations in higher                                                interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity,
         rated categories.                                                                                 specifically lending rates offered to retail borrowers by
                                                                                                           financial institutions.
         The A (High) rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior
                                                                                                         • Loans classified as amortized cost are valued by discounting
         unsecured debentures by DBRS Morningstar is the fifth highest
                                                                                                           the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.
         of the 26 ratings used for long-term debt. Under the DBRS
         Morningstar long-term rating scale, debt securities rated                                       • Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as
         A (High) are of good credit quality and the capacity for the                                      FVOCI include comparison to market transactions with arm’s
         payment of financial obligations is substantial, but of lesser                                    length third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted
         credit quality than AA. While this is a favourable rating, entities                               cash flow analysis.
         in the A (High) category may be vulnerable to future events,                                    • Obligations to securitization entities are valued by
         but qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.                                        discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing
                                                                                                           market yields for securities issued by these securitization
                                                                                                           entities having similar terms and characteristics.
         Financial Instruments
                                                                                                         • Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the
         Table 28 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of                                         contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently
         financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes fair                               offered for deposits with similar terms and credit risks.
         value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not
                                                                                                         • Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each
         measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable
                                                                                                           debenture available in the market.
         approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash
                                                                                                         • Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted
         equivalents, accounts and other receivables, certain other
                                                                                                           market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
         financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities and
                                                                                                           instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or
         certain other financial liabilities.
                                                                                                           discounted cash flow analysis.
         Fair value is determined using the following methods
                                                                                                         See Note 24 of the Annual Financial Statements which provides
         and assumptions:
                                                                                                         additional discussion on the determination of fair value of
         • Other investments and other financial assets and financial
                                                                                                         financial instruments.
           liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets,
           when available. When a quoted market price is not readily                                     Although there were changes to both the carrying values and
           available, valuation techniques are used that require                                         fair values of financial instruments, these changes did not have
           assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and                                      a material impact on the financial condition of the Company for
           amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable                                    the twelve months ended December 31, 2022.
           market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.


         Table 28: Financial Instruments

                                                                                                                           December 31, 2022                   December 31, 2021
         ($ millions)                                                                                         Carrying Value         Fair Value   Carrying Value         Fair Value

         Financial assets recorded at fair value
          Other investments
              – Fair value through other comprehensive income                                                    $    602.6      $      602.6       $   1,291.4      $    1,291.4
              – Fair value through profit or loss                                                                     171.9             171.9            106.6              106.6
          Loans
              – Fair value through profit or loss                                                                         –                  –             57.4               57.4
          Derivative financial instruments                                                                             63.7               63.7             41.2               41.2




                                                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         Financial assets recorded at amortized cost


                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART C
          Loans
              – Amortized cost                                                                                       5,021.5          4,905.5           5,296.4           5,354.2
         Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
          Derivative financial instruments                                                                             51.6               51.6             17.8               17.8
         Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
          Deposits and certificates                                                                                  4,334.0          4,334.0           2,220.3           2,220.5
          Obligations to securitization entities                                                                     4,610.4          4,544.6           5,057.9           5,146.4
          Long-term debt                                                                                             2,100.0          2,013.9           2,100.0           2,544.4




                                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                           65
                                                        P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      C 49




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 49                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Risk Management
                                IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that are inherent         • The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees
                                in our business activities. Our ability to manage these risks              corporate governance practices.
                                is key to our ongoing success. The Company emphasizes a                  • The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee oversees
                                strong risk management culture and the implementation                      conflicts of interest.
                                of an effective risk management approach. Our approach
                                coordinates risk management across the organization and its              Management oversight for risk management resides with the
                                business units and seeks to ensure prudent and measured                  Executive Risk Management Committee which is comprised
                                risk-taking in order to achieve an appropriate balance                   of the Chief Executive Officers of IGM Financial, IG Wealth
                                between risk and return. Fundamental to our enterprise                   Management, Mackenzie Investments and Investment Planning
                                risk management program is protecting and enhancing                      Counsel, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel,
                                our reputation.                                                          the Chief Operating Officer, and the Chief Human Resources
                                                                                                         Officer. In April 2022, the Company appointed its first Chief Risk
                                                                                                         Officer who chairs the Executive Risk Management Committee.
                                Risk Management Framework                                                The committee is responsible for oversight of IGM Financial’s
                                The Company’s risk management approach is undertaken                     risk management process by: i) establishing and maintaining
                                through our comprehensive Enterprise Risk Management                     the risk framework and policy; ii) defining the risk appetite;
                                (ERM) Framework which is composed of five core elements:                 iii) ensuring our risk profile and processes are aligned with
                                risk governance, risk appetite, risk principles, a defined risk          corporate strategy and risk appetite; and iv) establishing “tone
                                management process, and risk management culture. The                     at the top” and reinforcing a strong culture of risk management.
                                ERM Framework is established under our ERM Policy, which
                                                                                                         The Chief Executive Officers of the operating companies have
                                is approved by the Executive Risk Management Committee.
                                                                                                         overall responsibility for overseeing risk management of their
                                                                                                         respective companies.
                                Risk Governance
                                                                                                         The Company has assigned responsibility for risk management
                                Our risk governance structure emphasizes ownership of                    using the Three Lines of Defence model, with the First Line
                                risk management in each business unit and oversight by an                reflecting the business units having primary responsibility
                                Executive Risk Management Committee accountable to the Risk              for risk management, supported by Second Line risk
                                Committee of the Board (Risk Committee) and ultimately to the            management functions and a Third Line (the Internal Audit
                                Board of Directors. Additional oversight is provided by the ERM,         function) providing assurance and validation of the design
                                Compliance and Internal Audit Departments.                               and effectiveness of the ERM Framework.
                                The Risk Committee provides primary oversight and carries
                                                                                                         First Line of Defence
                                out its risk management mandate. The Risk Committee is
                                                                                                         The leaders of the various business units and support
                                responsible for assisting the Board in reviewing and overseeing
                                                                                                         functions have primary ownership and accountability for the
                                the risk governance structure and risk management program of
                                                                                                         ongoing risk management associated with their respective
                                the Company by: i) ensuring that appropriate procedures are in
                                                                                                         activities. Responsibilities of business unit and support function
                                place to identify and manage risks and establish risk tolerances,
                                                                                                         leaders include: i) establishing and maintaining procedures for
                                ii) ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures and controls
                                                                                                         the identification, assessment, documentation and escalation
                                are implemented to manage risks, and iii) reviewing the risk
                                                                                                         of risks, ii) implementing control activities to mitigate risks,
                                management process on a regular basis to ensure that it is
                                                                                                         iii) identifying opportunities for risk reduction or transfer, and
                                functioning effectively.
                                                                                                         iv) aligning business and operational strategies with the risk
                                Other specific risks are managed with the support of the                 culture and risk appetite of the organization as established by
                                following Board committees:                                              the Risk Management Committee.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                • The Audit Committee has specific risk oversight

 PART C
                                  responsibilities in relation to financial disclosure, internal         Second Line of Defence
                                  controls and the control environment as well as our                    The Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Department provides
                                  compliance activities, including administration of the Code            oversight, analysis and reporting to the Risk Management
                                  of Conduct.                                                            Committee on the level of risks relative to the established risk
                                • The Human Resource Committee oversees compensation                     appetite for all activities of the Company. Other responsibilities
                                  policies and practices.                                                include: i) developing and maintaining the enterprise risk




                           66 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 50                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 50                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         management program and framework, ii) managing the                                     Significant risks that may adversely affect the Company’s ability
         enterprise risk management process, and iii) providing guidance                        to achieve its strategic and business objectives are identified
         and training to business unit and support function leaders.                            through the Company’s ongoing risk management process.

         The Company has a number of committees of senior business                              We use a consistent methodology across our organizations
         leaders which provide oversight of specific business risks,                            and business units for identification and assessment of risks.
         including the Financial Risk Management and Operational                                Risks are assessed by evaluating the impact and likelihood of
         Risk Management committees. These committees perform                                   the potential risk event after consideration of controls and any
         critical reviews of risk assessments, risk management practices                        risk transfer activities. The results of these assessments are
         and risk response plans developed by business units and                                considered relative to risk appetite and tolerances and may
         support functions.                                                                     result in action plans to adjust the risk profile.

         Other oversight accountabilities reside with the Company’s                             Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an
         Legal and Compliance Departments which are responsible                                 ongoing basis by business units and by oversight areas
         for ensuring compliance with policies, laws and regulations.                           including the ERM Department. The ERM Department
                                                                                                promotes and coordinates communication and consultation
         Third Line of Defence                                                                  to support effective risk management and escalation. The
         The Internal Audit Department is the third line of defence and                         ERM Department regularly reports on the results of risk
         provides independent assurance to senior management and                                assessments and on the assessment process to the Risk
         the Board of Directors on the effectiveness of the Company’s                           Management Committee and to the Board Risk Committee.
         risk management policies, processes and practices.
                                                                                                Risk Management Culture
         Risk Appetite and Risk Principles
                                                                                                Risk management is intended to be everyone’s responsibility
         The Risk Management Committee establishes the Company’s                                within the organization. The ERM Department engages
         appetite for different types of risk through the Risk Appetite                         all business units in risk workshops and surveys to foster
         Framework. Under the Risk Appetite Framework, one of four                              awareness and facilitate incorporation of our risk framework
         appetite levels is established for each risk type and business                         into our business activities.
         activity of the Company. These appetite levels range from
                                                                                                We have an established business planning process which
         those where the Company has no appetite for risk and seeks
                                                                                                reinforces our risk management culture. Our compensation
         to minimize any losses, to those where the Company readily
                                                                                                programs are typically objectives-based, and do not encourage
         accepts exposure while seeking to ensure that risks are well
                                                                                                or reward excessive or inappropriate risk taking, and often are
         understood and managed. These appetite levels guide our
                                                                                                aligned specifically with risk management objectives.
         business units as they engage in business activities, and
         inform them in establishing policies, limits, controls and risk                        Our risk management program emphasizes integrity, ethical
         transfer activities.                                                                   practices, responsible management and measured risk-taking
                                                                                                with a long-term view. Our standards of integrity and ethics
         A Risk Appetite Statement and Risk Principles provide further
                                                                                                are reflected within our Code of Conduct which applies to
         guidance to business leaders and employees as they conduct
                                                                                                directors, officers and employees.
         risk management activities. The Risk Appetite Statement’s
         emphasis is to maintain the Company’s reputation and
         brand, ensure financial flexibility, and focus on mitigating                           Key Risks of the Business
         operational risk.
                                                                                                Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to achieve
                                                                                                strategic and business objectives are identified through our
         Risk Management Process                                                                ongoing risk management process.
         The Company’s risk management process is designed to foster:




                                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                We use a consistent methodology across our organizations and
         • Ongoing assessment of risks and tolerance in a changing                              business units to identify and assess risks, considering factors

                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
            operating environment.                                                              both internal and external to the organization. These risks are
         • Appropriate identification and understanding of existing                             broadly grouped into five categories: financial, operational,
           and emerging risks and risk response.                                                strategic, business, and environmental and social.
         • Timely monitoring and escalation of risks based upon
           changing circumstances.




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                   67
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C 51




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 51                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                1) Financial Risk                                                                        sales under the CMB Program consists of participation in new
                                                                                                                         CMB issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held in
                                Liquidity and Funding Risk
                                                                                                                         the Principal Reinvestment Accounts. The Company’s continued
                                This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain sufficient
                                                                                                                         ability to fund residential mortgages through Canadian bank-
                                cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to meet contractual
                                                                                                                         sponsored securitization trusts and NHA MBS is dependent on
                                or anticipated commitments as they come due or arise.
                                                                                                                         securitization market conditions and government regulations
                                Our liquidity management practices include:                                              that are subject to change. A condition of the NHA MBS and
                                • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near                          CMB Program is that securitized loans be insured by an
                                  term liquidity needs.                                                                  insurer that is approved by CMHC. The availability of mortgage
                                                                                                                         insurance is dependent upon market conditions and is subject
                                • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management
                                                                                                                         to change.
                                  processes.
                                • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.                                  The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected in
                                • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and the                                Table 29.
                                  Company’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.                           The maturity schedule for long-term debt of $2.1 billion
                                • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage                             is reflected in the accompanying chart (Long-Term Debt
                                  funding sources.                                                                       Maturity Schedule).
                                • Oversight of liquidity management by the Financial Risk
                                                                                                                         In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash and
                                  Management Committee, a committee of finance and other
                                                                                                                         cash equivalents, liquidity is available through the Company’s
                                  business leaders.
                                                                                                                         lines of credit. The Company’s lines of credit with various
                                A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor network                              Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled $825 million at
                                compensation paid for the distribution of financial products                             December 31, 2022, unchanged from December 31, 2021. The
                                and services. This compensation continues to be paid from                                lines of credit at December 31, 2022 consisted of committed
                                operating cash flows.                                                                    lines of $650 million and uncommitted lines of $175 million,
                                                                                                                         unchanged from December 31, 2021. Any advances made by
                                The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and
                                                                                                                         a bank under the uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s
                                temporarily hold mortgages pending sale or securitization
                                                                                                                         sole discretion. As at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
                                to long-term funding sources and to manage any derivative
                                                                                                                         2021, the Company was not utilizing its committed lines of
                                collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking
                                                                                                                         credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.
                                operations, residential mortgages are sold to third parties
                                including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through                          The actuarial valuation for funding purposes related to the
                                private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored securitization                               Company’s registered defined benefit pension plan, based
                                trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act                                 on a measurement date of December 31, 2021, was completed.
                                Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) securities including                                The valuation determines the plan surplus or deficit on
                                sales to Canada Housing Trust under the CMB Program.                                     both a solvency and going concern basis. The solvency basis
                                The Company maintains committed capacity within certain                                  determines the relationship between the plan assets and its
                                Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts. Capacity for                              liabilities assuming that the plan is wound up and settled on



                                Table 29: Contractual Obligations

                                As at December 31, 2022                                                                                        Less than                            After
                                ($ millions)                                                                                 Demand               1 Year          1–5 Years       5 Years               Total

                                Derivative financial instruments                                                        $            –     $        21.3     $        30.3    $        –     $          51.6
                                Deposits and certificates(1)                                                                  4,332.5                0.3               0.5            0.7         4,334.0




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Obligations to securitization entities                                                               –             947.8           3,651.3          11.3          4,610.4
                                Leases(2)                                                                                            –              31.5              95.5         118.8            245.8


 PART C
                                Long-term debt                                                                                       –                  –            525.0        1,575.0         2,100.0
                                Pension funding (3)                                                                                  –               2.0                 –             –                 2.0
                                Total contractual obligations                                                           $     4,332.5      $    1,002.9      $     4,302.6    $   1,705.8    $ 11,343.8
                                (1) Deposits and certificates due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
                                (2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.
                                (3) Pension funding requirements beyond 2023 are subject to significant variability and will be determined based on future actuarial valuations. Pension contribution
                                    decisions are subject to change, as contributions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements, changes in assumptions and
                                    management’s ability to change funding policy.




                           68 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 52                                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 52                                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Long-Term Debt Maturity Schedule
         ($ millions)
                               525


                                                                                                                                              450




                                                                                                                                                            250

                                                                                                            200                                     200
                                                          175
                                                   150          150




           2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 2034 2035 2036 2037 2038 2039 2040 2041 2042 2043 2044 2045 2046 2047 2048 2049 2050

                                                                                   Year



         the valuation date. A going concern valuation compares the                              liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding
         relationship between the plan assets and the present value of                           risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2021.
         the expected future benefit cash flows, assuming the plan will
         be maintained indefinitely. Based on the actuarial valuation, the                       Credit Risk
         registered pension plan had a solvency surplus of $14.4 million                         This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a counterparty
         compared to a solvency deficit of $61.3 million in the previous                         to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.
         actuarial valuation, which was based on a measurement date
                                                                                                 The Company’s cash and cash equivalents, other investment
         of December 31, 2021. The improvement in the funded status
                                                                                                 holdings, mortgage portfolios, and derivatives are subject to
         resulted largely from interest rate increases, as well as the
                                                                                                 credit risk. The Company monitors its credit risk management
         return on plan assets. The registered pension plan had a going
                                                                                                 practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
         concern surplus of $95.0 million compared to $79.2 million
         in the previous valuation. The next actuarial valuation will                            Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit
         be based on a measurement date of December 31, 2022.
                                                                                                 At December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents of
         During the year, the Company has made cash contributions
                                                                                                 $1,072.9 million (2021 – $1,292.4 million) consisted of cash
         of $11.5 million (2021 – $14.3 million). IGM Financial expects
                                                                                                 balances of $346.3 million (2021 – $326.2 million) on deposit
         annual contributions of approximately $2.0 million in 2023.
                                                                                                 with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of
         Pension contribution decisions are subject to change, as
                                                                                                 $726.6 million (2021 – $966.2 million). Cash equivalents are
         contributions are affected by many factors including market
                                                                                                 comprised of Government of Canada treasury bills totalling
         performance, regulatory requirements, changes in assumptions
                                                                                                 $81.6 million (2021 – $358.7 million), provincial government
         and management’s ability to change funding policy.
                                                                                                 treasury bills and promissory notes of $306.8 million (2021 –
         Management believes cash flows from operations, available                               $350.6 million), bankers’ acceptances of $293.2 million (2021
         cash balances and other sources of liquidity described above                            – $198.3 million) and other corporate commercial paper of
         are sufficient to meet the Company’s liquidity needs. The                               $45.0 million (2021 – $58.6 million).
         Company continues to have the ability to meet its operational
                                                                                                 Client funds on deposit of $4,347.4 million (2021 –
         cash flow requirements, its contractual obligations, and its
                                                                                                 $2,238.6 million) represent cash balances held in client
         declared dividends. The current practice of the Company is




                                                                                                                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                 accounts deposited at Canadian financial institutions.
         to declare and pay dividends to common shareholders on a

                                                                                                                                                                                                PART C
         quarterly basis at the discretion of the Board of Directors.                            The Company manages credit risk related to cash and cash
         The declaration of dividends by the Board of Directors is                               equivalents by adhering to its Investment Policy that outlines
         dependent on a variety of factors, including earnings which                             credit risk parameters and concentration limits. The Company
         are significantly influenced by the impact that debt and equity                         regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties.
         market performance has on the Company’s fee income and                                  The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial
         commission and certain other expenses. The Company’s                                    instruments is their carrying value.




                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  69
                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C 53




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 53                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                The Company’s exposure to and management of credit                         Term Income Fund through an agreement to repurchase
                                risk related to cash and cash equivalents and fixed                        mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds.
                                income securities have not changed materially since                        These loans are not recorded on the Company’s balance sheet
                                December 31, 2021.                                                         as the Company has transferred substantially all of the risks
                                                                                                           and rewards of ownership associated with these loans.
                                Mortgage Portfolio
                                                                                                           The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of the
                                At December 31, 2022, residential mortgages, recorded on the
                                                                                                           mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected
                                Company’s balance sheet, of $5.0 billion (2021 – $5.4 billion)
                                                                                                           credit losses.
                                consisted of $4.6 billion sold to securitization programs (2021
                                – $5.0 billion), $371.9 million held pending sale or securitization        The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was
                                (2021 – $315.8 million) and $12.7 million related to the                   $0.8 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of $0.2 million
                                Company’s intermediary operations (2021 – $13.7 million).                  from December 31, 2021, and is considered adequate by
                                                                                                           management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage
                                The Company manages credit risk related to residential
                                                                                                           portfolios based on: i) historical credit performance experience,
                                mortgages through:
                                                                                                           ii) recent trends including increasing interest rates, iii) current
                                • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;
                                                                                                           portfolio credit metrics and other relevant characteristics,
                                • Its loan servicing capabilities;                                         iv) our strong financial planning relationship with our clients,
                                • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance                         and v) stress testing of losses under adverse real estate
                                  and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by the                     market conditions.
                                  Company; and
                                                                                                           The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
                                • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through
                                                                                                           related to mortgage portfolios have not changed materially
                                  a network of Mortgage Planning Specialists and IG Wealth
                                                                                                           since December 31, 2021.
                                  Management advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan.
                                                                                                           Derivatives
                                In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms
                                and nature of securitization transactions as described below:              The Company is exposed to credit risk through derivative
                                • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.5 billion (2021                   contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate
                                  – $2.6 billion), the Company is obligated to make timely                 securitization transactions and to hedge market risk related
                                  payment of principal and coupons irrespective of whether                 to certain stock-based compensation arrangements. These
                                  such payments were received from the mortgage borrower.                  derivatives are discussed more fully under the Market Risk
                                  However, as required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of                     section of this MD&A.
                                  the loans are insured by an approved insurer.                            To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in
                                • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-               a gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk
                                  sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.1 billion                   that its counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under
                                  (2021 – $2.4 billion) is limited to amounts held in cash                 these arrangements.
                                  reserve accounts and future net interest income, the fair
                                                                                                           The Company’s derivative activities are managed in accordance
                                  values of which were $55.2 million (2021 – $67.6 million)
                                                                                                           with its Investment Policy which includes counterparty limits
                                  and $21.3 million (2021 – $34.1 million), respectively, at
                                                                                                           and other parameters to manage counterparty risk. The
                                  December 31, 2022. Cash reserve accounts are reflected
                                                                                                           aggregate credit risk exposure related to derivatives that
                                  on the balance sheet, whereas rights to future net interest
                                                                                                           are in a gain position of $71.2 million (2021 – $39.5 million)
                                  income are not reflected on the balance sheet and will be
                                                                                                           does not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral
                                  recorded over the life of the mortgages.
                                                                                                           arrangements. The exposure to credit risk, considering netting
                                At December 31, 2022, residential mortgages recorded                       agreements and collateral arrangements and including rights to
                                on balance sheet were 53.3% insured (2021 – 53.1%). At                     future net interest income, was $10.5 million at December 31,




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                December 31, 2022, impaired mortgages on these portfolios                  2022 (2021 – $0.7 million). Counterparties are all Canadian


 PART C
                                were $2.2 million, compared to $2.8 million at December 31,                Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result, management
                                2021. Uninsured non-performing mortgages over 90 days                      has determined that the Company’s overall credit risk related
                                on these portfolios were $1.7 million at December 31, 2022,                to derivatives was not significant at December 31, 2022.
                                compared to $1.5 million at December 31, 2021.                             Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not
                                                                                                           changed materially since December 31, 2021.
                                The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk on
                                mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short




                           70 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 54                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 54                                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Additional information related to the Company’s securitization                            Obligations to securitization entities. The fair value of these
         activities and utilization of derivative contracts can be found in                        swaps was $4.7 million (December 31, 2021 – $0.6 million)
         Notes 2, 7 and 23 to the Annual Financial Statements.                                     on an outstanding notional amount of $191.6 million at
                                                                                                   December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 – $128.6 million).
         Market Risk
                                                                                                 As at December 31, 2022, the impact to annual net earnings
         This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values of the
                                                                                                 of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been
         Company’s financial instruments due to changes in interest
                                                                                                 a decrease of approximately $1.7 million (December 31, 2021
         rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.
                                                                                                 – decrease of $3.0 million). The Company’s exposure to and
         Interest Rate Risk                                                                      management of interest rate risk have not changed materially
                                                                                                 since December 31, 2021.
         IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its mortgage
         portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments
                                                                                                 Equity Price Risk
         used in our mortgage banking operations.
                                                                                                 IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our equity
         The Company manages interest rate risk associated with its                              investments which are classified as either fair value through
         mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate                              other comprehensive income or fair value through profit
         swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:                              or loss, and on our investments in associates, which are
         • The Company has in certain instances funded floating rate                             accounted for using the equity method. The fair value of the
           mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds as part                               other investments was $0.8 billion at December 31, 2022
           of the securitization transactions under the CMB Program.                             (December 31, 2021 – $1.4 billion), as shown in Table 21,
           As previously discussed, as part of the CMB Program, the                              and the carrying value of the investment in associates was
           Company is party to a swap whereby it is entitled to receive                          $2.2 billion at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 –
           investment returns on reinvested mortgage principal                                   $2.0 billion), as shown in Table 23.
           and is obligated to pay Canada Mortgage Bond coupons.
                                                                                                 The Company sponsors a number of deferred compensation
           This swap had a fair value of $20.5 million (December 31,
                                                                                                 arrangements for employees where payments to participants
           2021 – $1.0 million) and an outstanding notional amount
                                                                                                 are deferred and linked to the performance of the common
           of $0.2 billion at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 –
                                                                                                 shares of IGM Financial Inc. The Company hedges its exposure
           $0.3 billion). The Company enters into interest rate swaps
                                                                                                 to this risk through the use of forward agreements and total
           with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to hedge the risk
                                                                                                 return swaps.
           that the interest rates earned on floating rate mortgages
           and reinvestment returns decline. The fair value of these                             Foreign Exchange Risk
           swaps totalled negative $19.6 million (December 31, 2021                              IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
           – $3.5 million), on an outstanding notional amount of                                 investment in ChinaAMC. Changes to the carrying value due
           $1.3 billion at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 –                                to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in Other
           $1.3 billion). The net fair value of these swaps of $0.9 million                      comprehensive income. As at December 31, 2022, a 5%
           at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 – $4.5 million)                               appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian currency relative to
           is recorded on the balance sheet and has an outstanding                               foreign currencies would decrease (increase) the aggregate
            notional amount of $1.5 billion (December 31, 2021 –                                 carrying value of foreign investments by approximately
            $1.6 billion).                                                                       $37.2 million ($41.1 million).
         • The Company is exposed to the impact that changes
                                                                                                 The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s earnings,
           in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages
                                                                                                 recorded in Proportionate share of associates’ earnings in
            committed to or held pending sale or securitization to
                                                                                                 the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, is also affected
            long-term funding sources. The Company enters into
                                                                                                 by changes in foreign exchange rates. For the year ended
            interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk related
                                                                                                 December 31, 2022, the impact to net earnings of a 5%
            to funding costs for mortgages held by the Company




                                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                 appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian currency relative to
            pending sale or securitization. Hedge accounting is applied
                                                                                                 foreign currencies would decrease (increase) the Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
            to the cost of funds on certain securitization activities. The
                                                                                                 proportionate share of associates’ earnings (losses) by
            effective portion of fair value changes of the associated
                                                                                                 approximately $2.7 million ($3.0 million).
            interest rate swaps are initially recognized in Other
            comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in
            Wealth Management revenue over the term of the related




                                                       Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  71
                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C 55




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 55                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Table 30: IGM Financial Assets Under Management – Asset and Currency Mix

                                                                                                                                                 Investment
                                As at December 31, 2022                                                                                               Funds        Total

                                Cash                                                                                                                    1.5 %       1.3 %
                                Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                   3.3         3.5
                                Other fixed income                                                                                                     22.8        22.8
                                Domestic equity                                                                                                        20.5        25.4
                                Foreign equity                                                                                                         49.0        44.7
                                Real Property                                                                                                           2.9         2.3
                                                                                                                                                     100.0 %      100.0 %
                                CAD                                                                                                                    54.0 %      58.5 %
                                USD                                                                                                                    32.4        29.5
                                Other                                                                                                                  13.6        12.0
                                                                                                                                                     100.0 %      100.0 %




                                Risks Related to Assets Under                                           2) Operational Risk
                                Management and Advisement
                                                                                                        This is the risk of financial loss, reputational damage or
                                At December 31, 2022, IGM Financial’s total assets under
                                                                                                        regulatory actions resulting from inadequate or failed internal
                                management and advisement were $249.4 billion compared
                                                                                                        processes or systems, human interaction or external events.
                                to $277.1 billion at December 31, 2021.
                                                                                                        This excludes business risk, which is a separate category in our
                                The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory fees             ERM framework.
                                and asset management fees which are applied as an annual
                                                                                                        We are exposed to a broad range of operational risks,
                                percentage of the level of assets under management and
                                                                                                        including information technology security and system failures,
                                advisement. As a result, the level of the Company’s revenues
                                                                                                        errors relating to transaction processing, financial models
                                and earnings are indirectly exposed to a number of financial
                                                                                                        and valuations, fraud and misappropriation of assets, and
                                risks that affect the value of assets under management and
                                                                                                        inadequate application of internal control processes.
                                advisement on an ongoing basis. These include market risks,
                                such as changes in equity prices, interest rates and foreign            Operational risks relating to people and processes are
                                exchange rates, as well as credit risk on debt securities, loans        mitigated through policies and process controls. Oversight of
                                and credit exposures from other counterparties within our               risks and ongoing evaluation of the effectiveness of controls
                                client portfolios.                                                      is provided by the Company’s Compliance Department, ERM
                                                                                                        Department and Internal Audit Department.
                                Changing financial market conditions may also lead to a change
                                in the composition of the Company’s assets under management             The Company has an insurance review process where it
                                between equity and fixed income instruments, which could                assesses and determines the nature and extent of insurance
                                result in lower revenues depending upon the management fee              that is appropriate to provide adequate protection against
                                rates associated with different asset classes and mandates.             unexpected losses, and where it is required by law, regulators
                                                                                                        or contractual agreements.
                                The Company believes that over the long term, exposure
                                to investment returns on its client portfolios is beneficial            Operational risk affects all business activities, including
                                to the Company’s results and consistent with stakeholder                the processes in place to manage other risks. As a result,
                                expectations, and generally it does not engage in risk transfer         operational risk can be difficult to measure, given that it forms
                                activities such as hedging in relation to these exposures.              part of other risks of the Company and may not always be




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                        separately identified.
                                The Company’s exposure to the value of assets under

 PART C
                                management and advisement aligns it with the experience of              The Company’s risk management framework emphasizes
                                its clients. Assets under management are broadly diversified            operational risk management and internal control. The
                                by asset class, geographic region, industry sector, investment          Company has a very low appetite for risk in this area.
                                team and style. The Company regularly reviews the sensitivity
                                                                                                        The business unit leaders are responsible for management of
                                of its assets under management, revenues, earnings and cash
                                                                                                        the day to day operational risks of their respective business
                                flow to changes in financial markets.
                                                                                                        units. Specific programs, policies, training, standards and




                           72 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 56                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 56                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         governance processes have been developed to help manage                                  continues to grow, we continue to enhance resources and
         operational risk.                                                                        processes to support third party risk management.

         The Company has a crisis response plan which outlines crisis                             Model Risk
         response coordination policies and procedures in the event
                                                                                                  We use a variety of models to assist in: the valuation of financial
         of a crisis that could significantly impact the organization’s
                                                                                                  instruments, operational scenario testing, management of
         reputation, brands or business operations. The Company
                                                                                                  cash flows, capital management, and assessment of potential
         executes simulation exercises on a regular basis. The Company
                                                                                                  acquisitions. These models incorporate internal assumptions,
         has a crisis assessment team comprised of senior leadership
                                                                                                  observable market inputs and available market prices. Effective
         who are responsible for crisis confirmation and management.
                                                                                                  controls exist over the development, implementation and
         In addition, this team is responsible for setting strategy,
                                                                                                  application of these models. However, changes in the internal
         overseeing response and ensuring appropriate subject
                                                                                                  assumptions or other factors affecting the models could have
         matter experts are engaged in the scenario-dependent crisis
                                                                                                  an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial
         response team.
                                                                                                  position and reputation.
         The Company also has a business continuity management
         program to enable critical operations and processes to                                   Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risk
         function in the event of a business disruption.                                          This is the risk of not complying with laws, contractual
                                                                                                  agreements or regulatory requirements. These risks relate
         The Company’s business continuity plan has been effective
                                                                                                  to regulation governing product distribution, investment
         at ensuring the Company is able to continue operations and
                                                                                                  management, accounting, reporting and communications.
         provide client service with minimal disruptions.
                                                                                                  IGM Financial is subject to complex and changing legal, taxation
         Technology and Cyber Risk                                                                and regulatory requirements, including the requirements of
         We use systems and technology to support business                                        agencies of the federal, provincial and territorial governments
         operations and the client and advisor experience. As a result,                           in Canada which regulate the Company and its activities.
         we are exposed to risks relating to technology and cyber                                 The Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to the
         security such as data breaches, identity theft and hacking,                              requirements of self-regulatory organizations to which they
         including the risk of denial of service or malicious software                            belong. These and other regulatory bodies regularly adopt new
         attacks. The volume of these activities in our society has                               laws, rules, regulations and policies that apply to the Company
         increased since the onset of COVID-19. Such attacks could                                and its subsidiaries. These requirements include those that
         compromise confidential information of the Company and                                   apply to IGM Financial as a publicly traded company and those
         that of clients or other stakeholders, and could result in                               that apply to the Company’s subsidiaries based on the nature
         negative consequences including lost revenue, litigation,                                of their activities. They include regulations related to the
         regulatory scrutiny or reputational damage. To remain resilient                          management and provision of financial products and services,
         to such threats, we have established enterprise-wide cyber                               including securities, insurance and mortgages, and other
         security programs, benchmarked capabilities to sound                                     activities carried on by the Company in the markets in which
         industry practices, and implemented threat and vulnerability                             it operates. Regulatory standards affecting the Company and
         assessment and response capabilities. Extended duration                                  the financial services industry are significant and continually
         of work from home programs introduces increased need to                                  evolve. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to reviews
         mitigate risk of potential data loss.                                                    as part of the normal ongoing process of oversight by the
                                                                                                  various regulators.
         Third Party Risk
                                                                                                  Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations could lead
         We regularly engage third parties to provide expertise and
                                                                                                  to regulatory sanctions and civil liability, and may have an
         efficiencies that support our operational activities. Our
                                                                                                  adverse reputational or financial effect on the Company.
         exposure to third party service provider risk could include
                                                                                                  The Company manages legal and regulatory compliance risk




                                                                                                                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         reputational, regulatory and other operational risks. Policies,
                                                                                                  through its efforts to promote a strong culture of compliance.
         standard operating procedures and dedicated resources,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C
                                                                                                  The monitoring of regulatory developments and their impact
         including a supplier code of conduct and outsourcing policy,
                                                                                                  on the Company is overseen by the Regulatory Initiatives
         have been developed and implemented to specifically address
                                                                                                  Committee chaired by the Executive Vice-President, General
         third party service provider risk. We perform due diligence
                                                                                                  Counsel. The Company also continues to develop and maintain
         and monitoring activities before entering into contractual
                                                                                                  compliance policies, processes and oversight, including specific
         relationships with third-party service providers and on an
                                                                                                  communications on compliance and legal matters, training,
         ongoing basis. As our reliance on external service providers




                                                        Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                    73
                                                 P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C 57




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 57                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                               testing, monitoring and reporting. The Audit Committee of                 and how to prevent, handle and report privacy breaches,
                               the Board receives regular reporting on compliance initiatives            complaints and access to information requests.
                               and issues.
                                                                                                         Contingencies
                               IGM Financial promotes a strong culture of ethics and integrity
                                                                                                         The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal
                               through its Code of Conduct approved by the Board of
                                                                                                         course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed
                               Directors, which outlines standards of conduct that apply to
                                                                                                         class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court
                               all IGM Financial directors, officers and employees. The Code
                                                                                                         against Mackenzie Financial Corporation which alleges that
                               of Conduct references many policies relating to the conduct
                                                                                                         the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing
                               of directors, officers and employees. Other corporate policies
                                                                                                         commissions to order execution only dealers. In August 2022,
                               cover anti-money laundering and privacy. Training is provided
                                                                                                         a second proposed class action concerning the same subject
                               on these policies on an annual basis. Individuals subject to
                                                                                                         matter was filed against Mackenzie Financial Corporation.
                               the Code of Conduct attest annually that they understand the
                                                                                                         Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal
                               requirements and have complied with its provisions.
                                                                                                         actions, based on current knowledge and consultation with
                               Business units are responsible for management of legal and                legal counsel, management does not expect the outcome
                               regulatory compliance risk, and implementing appropriate                  of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have
                               policies, procedures and controls. The Compliance Department              a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated
                               is responsible for providing oversight of all regulated                   financial position.
                               compliance activities. The Internal Audit Department also
                               provides oversight concerning regulatory compliance matters.              3) Strategic Risk
                               Privacy Risk                                                              This is the risk of potential adverse impacts resulting
                                                                                                         from inadequate or inappropriate governance, oversight,
                               Privacy risk is the potential for access to, collection, use,
                                                                                                         management of incentives and conflicts, regulatory
                               transfer, disclosure and retention of personal information
                                                                                                         developments and strategy.
                               in contravention of applicable laws, regulations and/or
                               ethical standards. Our clients entrust us with their personal             IGM Financial believes in the importance of good corporate
                               information, and we have a regulatory and ethical responsibility          governance and the central role played by directors in
                               to protect it. We collect only the personal information that is           the governance process. We believe that sound corporate
                               necessary to provide our products and services to clients, and            governance is essential to the well-being of the Company
                               where we have consent to do so. We do not disclose or share               and our shareholders.
                               personal information about clients unless required by law,
                                                                                                         Oversight of IGM Financial is performed by the Board of
                               when necessary to provide products or services to them, or
                                                                                                         Directors directly and through its five committees. The
                               as otherwise authorized by them.
                                                                                                         Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer has overall
                               If we need to share clients’ personal information with                    responsibility for management of the Company. The Company’s
                               third-party service providers, we remain responsible for                  activities are carried out principally by three operating
                               that information and protect it through contractual and other             companies – Investors Group Inc., Mackenzie Financial
                               measures that commit the service providers to maintain levels             Corporation and Investment Planning Counsel Inc. – each of
                               of protection comparable to ours.                                         which are managed by a President and Chief Executive Officer.
                                                                                                         The Company also has a strategy execution oversight function
                               IGM Financial has established an enterprise Privacy Risk
                                                                                                         and committee that reviews and approves strategic initiative
                               Management Framework to manage privacy risk. Our
                                                                                                         business cases and oversees progress against our strategic
                               Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) leads and oversees our privacy
                                                                                                         priorities and objectives.
                               program, partnering with cross-functional teams to develop
                               and implement enterprise-wide policies, standards and                     The President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               controls regarding the handling and safeguarding of personal              in collaboration with the Board of Directors, is responsible
                               information. Ultimately reporting to the CPO, enterprise and              each year to develop, review and update the Company’s

 PART C
                               operating company privacy delegates work with front-line                  strategic plan. The strategic plan sets out both the annual and
                               business units to address privacy matters.                                longer-term objectives for the Company in light of emerging
                                                                                                         opportunities and risks and with a view to the Company’s
                               Employees and advisors are required to complete mandatory
                                                                                                         sustained profitable growth and long-term value creation.
                               privacy training at onboarding, and annually thereafter. The
                                                                                                         The Board is responsible for approving the Company’s overall
                               training includes our privacy obligations, privacy best practices,




                           74 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 58                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 58                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         business strategy. In carrying out this responsibility, the Board                       4) Business Risk
         reviews the short-, medium- and long-term risks associated
                                                                                                 General Business Conditions
         with the strategic plan, considers the strengths and potential
                                                                                                 This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
         weaknesses of trends and opportunities, and approves the
                                                                                                 IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other external
         Company’s annual business, financial and capital management
                                                                                                 factors relating to the marketplace.
         plans. A portion of each Board meeting is dedicated to
         discussion of strategic matters including receiving updates                             Global economic conditions, changes in equity markets,
         on the progress and implementation of the strategic plan.                               inflation and demographics can affect investor confidence,
                                                                                                 income levels and savings. In addition, geopolitical risk,
         Regulatory Development Risk                                                             government instability and other factors can influence
         This is the potential for changes to regulatory, legal, or tax                          inflation, interest rates, global economic growth, and business
         requirements that may have an adverse impact on the                                     conditions in markets in which the Company operates. These
         Company’s business activities or financial results.                                     environments could result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s
                                                                                                 products and services and/or result in investors redeeming
         We are exposed to the risk of changes in laws, taxation and
                                                                                                 their investments. These factors may also affect the level and
         regulation that could have an adverse impact on the Company.
                                                                                                 volatility of financial markets and the value of the Company’s
         Particular regulatory initiatives may have the effect of making
                                                                                                 assets under management, as described more fully under
         the products of the Company’s subsidiaries appear to be
                                                                                                 the Risks Related to Assets Under Management section of
         less competitive than the products of other financial service
                                                                                                 this MD&A.
         providers, to third party distribution channels and to clients.
         Regulatory differences that may impact the competitiveness                              To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating
         of the Company’s products include regulatory costs, tax                                 subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores
         treatment, disclosure requirements, transaction processes or                            the importance of financial planning across economic cycles.
         other differences that may be as a result of differing regulation                       The Company and the industry continue to take steps to
         or application of regulation. Regulatory developments may                               educate Canadian investors on the merits of financial planning,
         also impact product structures, pricing, and dealer and advisor                         diversification and long-term investing. In periods of volatility,
         compensation. While the Company and its subsidiaries actively                           Wealth Management advisors and independent financial
         monitor such initiatives, and where feasible comment upon or                            advisors play a key role in assisting investors in maintaining
         discuss them with regulators, the ability of the Company and its                        perspective and focus on their long-term objectives.
         subsidiaries to mitigate the imposition of differential regulatory
                                                                                                 Redemption rates for long-term funds are summarized in
         treatment of financial products or services is limited.
                                                                                                 Table 31 and are discussed in the Wealth Management and
         The Company continuously monitors regulatory developments,                              the Asset Management Segment Operating Results sections
         guidance and communications.                                                            of this MD&A.

         Acquisition Risk                                                                        Catastrophic Events or Loss
         The Company is exposed to risks related to its acquisitions                             Catastrophic events or loss refers to the risk that events such
         and strategic investments. The Company undertakes thorough                              as earthquakes, floods, fire, tornadoes, pandemics, or terrorism
         due diligence prior to completing an acquisition, but there                             could adversely affect the Company’s financial performance.
         is no assurance that the Company will achieve the expected
                                                                                                 Catastrophic events can cause economic uncertainty, affect
         strategic objectives or cost and revenue synergies subsequent
                                                                                                 investor confidence, income levels and financial planning
         to an acquisition. Subsequent changes in the economic
                                                                                                 decisions. This could affect the level and volatility of financial
         environment and other unanticipated factors may affect the
                                                                                                 markets and the level of the Company’s assets under
         Company’s ability to achieve expected earnings growth or
                                                                                                 management and advisement.
         expense reductions. The success of an acquisition and of the
         Company’s strategic investments is dependent on retaining




                                                                                                                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                 Product / Service Offering
         assets under management, clients, and key employees of an

                                                                                                                                                                                                PART C
                                                                                                 This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
         acquired company.
                                                                                                 IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or service
                                                                                                 performance, quality or breadth.

                                                                                                 IGM Financial and its subsidiaries operate in a highly
                                                                                                 competitive environment, competing with other financial
                                                                                                 service providers, investment managers and product and




                                                       Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                    75
                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C 59




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 59                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                               Table 31: Twelve Month Trailing Redemption Rate for Long-term Funds

                                                                                                                                                     2022         2021
                                                                                                                                                   Dec. 31      Dec. 31

                               IGM Financial Inc.
                                IG Wealth Management                                                                                                 10.0 %        9.2 %
                                Mackenzie                                                                                                            16.0 %       13.6 %
                                Counsel                                                                                                              20.4 %       22.3 %




                               service types. Client development and retention can be                   loss of client accounts which could have an adverse effect on
                               influenced by a number of factors, including investment                  IG Wealth Management’s results of operations and business
                               performance, products and services offered by competitors,               prospects. IG Wealth Management is focused on strengthening
                               relative service levels, relative pricing, product attributes,           its distribution network of advisors and on responding to the
                               reputation and actions taken by competitors. This competition            complex financial needs of its clients by delivering a diverse
                               could have an adverse impact upon the Company’s financial                range of products and services in the context of personalized
                               position and operating results. Please refer to The Competitive          financial advice, as discussed in the Wealth Management
                               Landscape section of this MD&A for further discussion.                   Review of the Business section of this MD&A.

                               We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent                       Asset Management – Mackenzie derives the majority of its mutual
                               financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients          fund sales through third party financial advisors. Financial
                               with a high level of service and support and a broad range               advisors generally offer their clients investment products in
                               of investment products, with a focus on building enduring                addition to, and in competition with Mackenzie. Mackenzie also
                               relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries also continually               derives sales of its investment products and services from its
                               review their respective product and service offering and                 strategic alliance and institutional clients. Due to the nature
                               pricing to ensure competitiveness in the marketplace.                    of the distribution relationship in these relationships and the
                                                                                                        relative size of these accounts, gross sale and redemption
                               We strive to deliver strong investment performance on our
                                                                                                        activity can be more pronounced in these accounts than in a
                               products relative to benchmarks and peers. Poor investment
                                                                                                        retail relationship. Mackenzie’s ability to market its investment
                               performance relative to benchmarks or peers could reduce
                                                                                                        products is highly dependent on continued access to these
                               the level of assets under management and sales and asset
                                                                                                        distribution networks. Lack of access could have a material
                               retention, as well as adversely impact our brands and
                                                                                                        adverse effect on Mackenzie’s operating results and business
                               reputation. Meaningful and/or sustained underperformance
                                                                                                        prospects. Mackenzie is well positioned to manage this risk and
                               could affect the Company’s results. Our objective is to cultivate
                                                                                                        to continue to build and enhance its distribution relationships.
                               investment processes and disciplines that give us a competitive
                                                                                                        Mackenzie’s diverse portfolio of financial products and its long-
                               advantage, and we do this by diversifying our assets under
                                                                                                        term investment performance record, marketing, educational
                               management and product shelf by investment team, brand,
                                                                                                        and service support has made Mackenzie one of Canada’s
                               asset class, mandate, style and geographic region.
                                                                                                        leading investment management companies. These factors
                               Business / Client Relationships                                          are discussed further in the Asset Management Review of the
                                                                                                        Business section of this MD&A.
                               This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
                               IGM Financial resulting from changes to key business or client
                                                                                                        People Risk
                               relationships. These relationships primarily include IG Wealth
                                                                                                        This risk refers to the potential inability to attract or retain
                               Management clients and advisors, Mackenzie retail distribution,
                                                                                                        employees or Wealth Management advisors, develop them
                               strategic and significant business partners, clients of Mackenzie
                                                                                                        to an appropriate level of proficiency, or manage engagement
                               funds, and sub-advisors and other product suppliers.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                        and personnel succession or transition.
                               IG Wealth Management advisor network – IG Wealth Management

 PART C
                                                                                                        Management, investment and distribution personnel play
                               derives all of its mutual fund sales through its advisor network.
                                                                                                        an important role in developing, implementing, managing
                               IG Wealth Management advisors have regular direct contact
                                                                                                        and distributing products and services offered by IGM
                               with clients which can lead to a strong and personal client
                                                                                                        Financial. The loss of these individuals or an inability to
                               relationship based on the client’s confidence in that individual
                                                                                                        attract, retain and engage sufficient numbers of qualified
                               advisor. The market for advisors is extremely competitive. The
                                                                                                        personnel could negatively affect IGM Financial’s business
                               loss of a significant number of key advisors could lead to the
                                                                                                        and financial performance.




                           76 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 60                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 60                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         We have a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Strategy with the                            The Company’s Executive Risk Management Committee is
         purpose of driving an inclusive, equitable and consistent                              responsible for oversight of the risk management process,
         experience for employees and clients that supports our                                 including E&S and climate change risks. Other management
         business objectives now and into the future. To achieve the                            committees provide oversight of specific risks including the
         desired outcomes, we focus on three pillars of action: raising                         Sustainability Committee and the Diversity and Inclusion
         awareness; improving inclusive leadership behaviours; and                              Executive Council. The Sustainability Committee is composed
         building external partnerships and community engagement.                               of senior executives who are responsible for ensuring
                                                                                                implementation of policy and strategy, establishing goals and
         We also have a Wellness Strategy to support our employees’
                                                                                                initiatives, measuring progress, and approving annual reporting
         wellbeing with a goal to ensure our employees are physically
                                                                                                for environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.
         thriving, emotionally balanced, socially connected and
         financially secure.                                                                    Our commitment to responsible management is demonstrated
                                                                                                through various mechanisms. These include our Code of
         COVID-19 has caused significant disruption in peoples’ lives
                                                                                                Conduct for employees, contractors, and directors; our
         both professionally and personally. The Company’s actions
                                                                                                Supplier Code of Conduct; our Workplace Harassment and
         have included:
                                                                                                Discrimination Prevention Policy; our Diversity Policy; our
         • Implementing a work at home strategy to maintain the                                 Environmental Policy; and other related policies.
            health and safety of our employees and advisors through
            social distancing.                                                                  IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, and their
                                                                                                investment sub-advisors, are signatories to the Principles for
         • Providing tools and processes to enable our employees
                                                                                                Responsible Investment (PRI). Under the PRI, investors formally
           and advisors to continue to operate effectively from home.
                                                                                                commit to incorporate ESG issues into their investment
         • Providing various wellness programs including Employee
                                                                                                decision making and active ownership processes. In addition,
           Assistance Programs, e-Health and other programs
                                                                                                IG Wealth Management, Mackenzie Investments and
           to support the mental and physical well-being of our
                                                                                                Investment Planning Counsel have implemented Sustainable
           employees, advisors, and their families.
                                                                                                Investment Policies outlining the practices at each company.
         • Developing a return to office strategy including the
           introduction of a hybrid working model to enhance work                               IGM Financial reports annually on ESG management and
           life flexibility and to safely allow employees and advisors                          performance in its Sustainability Report available on our
           to return to the office when appropriate.                                            website. The Company has been recognized for demonstrating
                                                                                                strong ESG performance through positions earned on the
                                                                                                FTSE4Good Index Series, Jantzi Social Index, Corporate Knights’
         5) Environmental and Social Risk
                                                                                                2023 Global 100 and 2022 Best 50 Corporate Citizens.
            (Including Climate Change)
         This is the potential for financial loss or other unfavourable                         IGM Financial is a long-standing participant in the CDP
         impacts resulting from environmental or social (E&S) issues                            (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), which promotes
         connected to our business operations, investment activities,                           corporate disclosures on greenhouse gas emissions and
         meeting our sustainability commitments, and increasingly for                           climate change management including setting and monitoring
         regulatory compliance. We recognize that E&S risks can be                              emission reduction targets. IGM Financial has been recognized
         within our operations or impact stakeholders along our supply                          by CDP at the leadership level for the past five years for its
         chain, including clients, investee companies and suppliers.                            climate disclosures.

         Environmental risks include issues such as climate change,                             Global practices are continually evolving relating to the
         biodiversity and land use, pollution, waste, and the                                   identification, analysis, and management of climate risks
         unsustainable use of energy, water and other resources.                                and opportunities. The Financial Stability Board’s Task
         Social risks include issues such as human rights; labour                               Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) was
         standards; diversity, equity and inclusion; Indigenous                                 established in response to investor demand for enhanced




                                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         reconciliation; and community impacts.                                                 information on climate-related risks and opportunities.


                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
                                                                                                IGM Financial and its operating companies support the TCFD
         IGM Financial has a long-standing commitment to responsible                            recommendations which include a framework for consistent,
         management, as articulated in our Corporate Sustainability                             voluntary climate-related financial disclosures that provide
         Statement approved by the Board of Directors. Through its Risk                         decision-useful information to investors, analysts, rating
         Committee, the Board is responsible for ensuring that material                         agencies and other stakeholders.
         E&S risks are appropriately identified, managed and monitored.




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                   77
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  C 61




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 61                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                TCFD Disclosure                                                            to manage climate risks and create innovative solutions to
                                The TCFD recommends that organizations disclose                            our ongoing climate issues.
                                information about climate-related risks and opportunities
                                                                                                        2. Collaborating and engaging to help shape the global transition –
                                in four areas: governance, strategy, risk management, and
                                                                                                           We play a role in bringing climate-smart investment advice
                                metrics and targets. Full implementation of TCFD will be a
                                                                                                           and solutions to clients, helping companies adapt, and
                                multi-year journey.
                                                                                                           participating in industry and policy advancements.

                                Governance                                                              3. Demonstrating alignment through our corporate actions – We
                                Our Board is responsible for providing oversight on risk and               will hold ourselves to a similar standard that we expect from
                                strategy, which includes sustainability and climate-related                the companies we invest in and empower our employees to
                                matters. The Board meets with management at least annually                 stand behind our commitments.
                                to discuss plans and emerging ESG issues. Through its Risk
                                                                                                        Our operating companies are active participants in
                                Committee, the Board is responsible for ensuring that material
                                                                                                        collaborative industry groups that support our climate
                                ESG risks are appropriately identified, managed and monitored.
                                                                                                        commitments by engaging companies on improving climate
                                The senior-most leaders at each of our operating companies              change governance, reducing emissions and strengthening
                                have primary ownership and accountability for the ongoing               climate-related financial disclosures. IGM Financial also
                                climate risk and opportunity management associated with                 joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials
                                their respective activities. IGM Financial’s Risk Management and        (PCAF) to support our journey to measure and disclose the
                                Sustainability Committees perform oversight functions, and our          greenhouse gas emissions associated with our mortgage
                                Chief Risk Officer oversees implementation of the Corporate             loans and investments.
                                Sustainability and Enterprise Risk Management programs.
                                                                                                        Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified and
                                We have established a cross-functional, enterprise wide                 assessed within IGM Financial through our business planning
                                TCFD Working Group of senior leaders to lead the planning               processes which define our strategic priorities, initiatives and
                                and implementation of the TCFD recommendations. This                    budgets. Our climate-related risks and opportunities can be
                                working group is focused on enhancing our knowledge and                 grouped into the physical impacts of climate change and the
                                tools to quantify climate risks in tandem with our industry,            impacts related to the transition to a low-carbon economy.
                                further integrating climate into our business strategy,
                                                                                                        Risks
                                operations and product offering, evolving our engagement
                                approach with investee companies, and addressing increased              Our climate risks relate primarily to the potential for physical
                                disclosure expectations.                                                or transition risks to: negatively affect the performance of
                                                                                                        our clients’ investments, resulting in reduced fee revenue;
                                The Mackenzie Sustainability Steering Committee is responsible
                                                                                                        harm our reputation; create market risks through shifts in
                                for approving and governing corporate and sustainability
                                                                                                        product demand; or lead to new regulatory, legal or disclosure
                                related policies; approval and oversight for investment
                                                                                                        requirements that could affect our business. Diversification
                                stewardship priorities including climate; approval and
                                                                                                        within and across our investment portfolios aids in managing
                                monitoring for targets related to climate change; and evaluation
                                                                                                        exposure to any one company, sector or geographic region that
                                of progress relative to key performance indicators, strategy
                                                                                                        might be exposed to climate-related risks. We are also exposed
                                roadmap, and the market.
                                                                                                        to the impact of extreme weather events on our corporate
                                The IG Wealth Management Sustainable Investing Committee                properties which could lead to business disruption, and on
                                is responsible for reviewing and approving sustainable investing        the valuations of investment properties and client mortgages,
                                and ESG matters including but not limited to evaluating and             which if not addressed proactively, could affect financial
                                considering climate-related risks and opportunities.                    performance and the ability to use the assets long-term.

                                                                                                        Our operating companies are committed to sustainable
                                Strategy




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                        investing programs and policies that include a focus on climate
                                Through IGM Financial’s wealth and asset management

 PART C
                                                                                                        risk. We provide data and tools for our investment teams to
                                businesses, the company plays a role in the global transition
                                                                                                        carry out current and forward-looking climate analysis and
                                to a low-carbon economy. In November 2021, IGM Financial
                                                                                                        we integrate material climate risks into our investment and
                                detailed its climate commitments in a position statement on
                                                                                                        oversight processes for investment management sub-advisors.
                                our website, with a focus on three key areas:
                                                                                                        As part of the hiring process and ongoing assessment of
                                1. Investing in a greener, climate resilient economy – Our              sub-advisors, our teams request information about how ESG,
                                   investment processes and products give us the opportunity            including climate risks and opportunities, is resourced, what




                           78 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 62                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 62                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         processes and tools are used, metrics and targets, and how                              focused on defining the relationship of climate risk to other
         strategy and governance are influenced. As we continue to                               material risks.
         implement the TCFD recommendations, we are devoting
                                                                                                 At Mackenzie Investments, each boutique investment team is
         increased resources to areas such as training, analysis,
                                                                                                 responsible for determining when and how climate transition
         metrics, target-setting, strategy planning and working with
                                                                                                 and physical risks are material, and for incorporating these
         collaborative organizations.
                                                                                                 risks into their investment process. At IG Wealth Management
         Opportunities                                                                           and IPC, management evaluates the sustainable investing
                                                                                                 practices of investment manager sub-advisors, including the
         We are focused on meeting growing demand for sustainable
                                                                                                 integration of climate risks into their investment and active
         investing and the opportunity to invest in the transition to
                                                                                                 ownership practice.
         a net-zero economy. We are also increasing our focus on
         educating and communicating with clients and advisors on
                                                                                                 Engagement
         sustainable investing and climate change.
                                                                                                 To maximize stewardship efforts, engagement at Mackenzie is
         At Mackenzie Investments, sustainable investing is an area of                           undertaken both internally and by a third-party engagement
         strategic emphasis, and we have established a dedicated team                            specialist where climate change is a priority engagement
         within Mackenzie who bring focus to ESG and climate across                              topic. At IPC, a pooled engagement service provider is used
         the organization. Mackenzie has two investment boutiques with                           to work with companies to enhance corporate behaviour and
         this focus; Greenchip and Betterworld. The Greenchip boutique                           strategy related to topics including climate change. At IG Wealth
         focuses on thematic investing to combat climate change and                              Management, investment management sub-advisors including
         the Betterworld boutique focuses on solutions centered on                               Mackenzie are responsible for engagement activities and
         sustainable objectives that incorporate environmental, social                           IG Wealth Management monitors their practices as part of
         and governance factors.                                                                 regular due diligence and oversight.

         At IG Wealth Management, we have integrated environmental                               Mackenzie Investments is a founding participant in Climate
         and climate issues into our sub-advisory selection and                                  Engagement Canada and participates in CERES’ Investor
         oversight processes, and product development strategy. In                               Network on Climate Risk. Both Mackenzie and IG joined Climate
         October 2021, IG Wealth Management launched its Climate                                 Action 100+ and became founding signatories to the Canadian
         Action Portfolios, a suite of four diversified managed solutions                        Investor Statement on Climate Change.
         which aim to provide clients with the opportunity to support
         and benefit from the global transition to net zero emissions.                           Metrics and Targets
                                                                                                 We set, monitor and report on climate change-related metrics
         Scenarios                                                                               and targets annually in our CDP response and our Sustainability
         We have implemented a tool for our investment funds to                                  Report which are available on our website.
         enhance our quantitative assessment of climate risks by
                                                                                                 We currently report Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions, where
         analyzing emissions and other climate-related information
                                                                                                 possible, including Scope 3 investment emissions related to
         at the investee company and portfolio levels. This system
                                                                                                 our real assets in the IG Real Property Fund. We are continuing
         enables us to model potential transition pathways and track
                                                                                                 to expand and enhance our measurement and reporting of
         our portfolios against the goal of limiting global warming to
                                                                                                 emissions related to our investment portfolios as tools and
         2°C above pre-industrial levels and examine the adequacy of
                                                                                                 information improves.
         emissions reductions over time in meeting the goals of the
         Paris Agreement. We are exploring scenario analysis tools with                          During the year, IGM Financial achieved its 2022 target of
         external data providers to support us in our efforts to run                             being climate neutral in its corporate offices and travel.
         climate-related scenario analysis across our business.                                  This was achieved by reducing emissions over time, using
                                                                                                 renewable energy sources and purchasing carbon offsets.
         Risk Management                                                                         Mackenzie Investments also set interim targets for investment




                                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         Assessment and management of climate-related risks is                                   portfolios as part of its commitment to the Net Zero Asset

                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
         integrated into our ERM framework. We use a consistent                                  Managers Initiative. The long-term nature of these targets
         methodology across our organizations and business units for                             require significant judgement and the Company will provide
         identification and assessment of risks, considering factors both                        updates on its progress through the Sustainability Report
         internal and external to the organization. Risks are broadly                            and CDP disclosure.
         grouped into five categories: financial, operational, strategic,
         business, and environmental and social. We are increasingly




                                                       Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  79
                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C 63




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 63                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                The Financial Services Environment
                                Canadians held $6.5 trillion in discretionary financial assets           Canadian banks distribute financial products and services
                                with financial institutions at December 31, 2021 based on                through their traditional bank branches, as well as through
                                the most recent report from Investor Economics. The nature               their full service and discount brokerage subsidiaries. Bank
                                of holdings was diverse, ranging from demand deposits held               branches continue to place increased emphasis on both
                                for short-term cash management purposes to longer-term                   financial planning and mutual funds. In addition, each of the
                                investments held for retirement purposes. Approximately                  “big six” banks has one or more mutual fund management
                                64% ($4.1 trillion) of these financial assets are held within            subsidiaries. Collectively, mutual fund assets of the “big six”
                                the context of a relationship with a financial advisor, and              bank-owned mutual fund managers and affiliated firms
                                this is the primary channel serving the longer-term savings              represented 46% of total industry long-term mutual fund
                                needs of Canadians. Of the $2.3 trillion held outside of a               assets at December 31, 2022.
                                financial advisory relationship, approximately 53% consisted
                                                                                                         The Canadian mutual fund industry continues to be very
                                of bank deposits.
                                                                                                         concentrated, with the 10 largest firms and their subsidiaries
                                Financial advisors represent the primary distribution channel            representing 71% of industry long-term mutual fund assets
                                for IGM Financial’s products and services, and the core                  and 71% of total mutual fund assets under management at
                                emphasis of our business model is to support these financial             December 31, 2022. We anticipate continuing consolidation
                                advisors as they work with clients to plan for and achieve their         in this segment of the industry as smaller participants are
                                financial goals. Multiple sources of emerging research show              acquired by larger organizations.
                                significantly better financial outcomes for Canadians who use
                                                                                                         We believe that the financial services industry will continue
                                financial advisors compared to those who do not. We actively
                                                                                                         to be influenced by the following trends:
                                promote the value of financial advice and the importance of a
                                                                                                         • Shifting demographics as the number of Canadians in their
                                relationship with an advisor to develop and remain focused on
                                long-term financial plans and goals.                                       prime savings and retirement years continues to increase.
                                                                                                         • Changes in investor attitudes based on economic conditions.
                                Approximately 41% of Canadian discretionary financial assets
                                                                                                         • Continued importance of the role of the financial advisor.
                                or $2.6 trillion resided in investment funds at December 31,
                                                                                                         • Public policy related to retirement savings.
                                2021, making it the largest financial asset class held by
                                Canadians. Other asset types include deposit products and                • Changes in the regulatory environment.
                                direct securities such as stocks and bonds. Approximately 75%            • A highly competitive landscape.
                                of investment funds are comprised of mutual fund products,               • Advancing and changing technology.
                                with other product categories including segregated funds,
                                hedge funds, pooled funds, closed end funds and exchange
                                traded funds. With $164 billion in investment fund assets under          The Competitive Landscape
                                management at December 31, 2022, IGM Financial is among                  Our subsidiaries, IG Wealth Management and Investment
                                the country’s largest investment fund managers. We believe               Planning Counsel, compete directly with other retail financial
                                that investment funds are likely to remain the preferred savings         service providers in the advice segment, including other
                                vehicle of Canadians. They offer the benefits of diversification,        financial planning firms, as well as full service brokerages,
                                professional management, flexibility and convenience, and are            banks and insurance companies. Our asset management
                                available in a broad range of mandates and structures to meet            subsidiary, Mackenzie Investments, competes directly with
                                most investor requirements and preferences.                              other investment managers for assets under management,
                                                                                                         and our products compete with stocks, bonds and other asset
                                Traditional distinctions between bank branches, full-service
                                                                                                         classes for a share of Canadians’ investment assets.
                                brokerages, financial planning firms and insurance agent sales
                                forces have become obscured as many of these financial                   Competition from other financial service providers, alternative




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                service providers strive to offer comprehensive financial                product types or delivery channels, and changes in regulations

 PART C
                                advice implemented through access to a broad product                     or public preferences could impact the characteristics of
                                shelf. Accordingly, the Canadian financial services industry             our product and service offerings, including pricing, product
                                is characterized by a number of large, diversified, vertically-          structures, dealer and advisor compensation and disclosure.
                                integrated participants, similar to IGM Financial, that offer            We monitor developments on an ongoing basis, and engage in
                                both financial planning and investment management services.              policy discussions and develop product and service responses
                                                                                                         as appropriate.




                           80 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 64                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 64                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         IGM Financial continues to focus on our commitment to provide                          Broad and Diversified Distribution
         quality investment advice and financial products, service
                                                                                                In addition to owning two of Canada’s largest financial planning
         innovations, effective and responsible management of the
                                                                                                organizations, IG Wealth Management and Investment Planning
         Company and long-term value for our clients and shareholders.
                                                                                                Counsel, IGM Financial has, through Mackenzie, access to
         This includes efforts to modernize our digital platforms and
                                                                                                distribution through over 30,000 independent financial
         technology infrastructure to enhance operations, achieve
                                                                                                advisors. Mackenzie also, in its growing strategic alliance
         efficiencies and improve the service experience for our
                                                                                                business, partners with global manufacturing and distribution
         clients. We believe that IGM Financial is well-positioned
                                                                                                entities to provide investment management services.
         to meet competitive challenges and capitalize on future
         growth opportunities.
                                                                                                Broad Product Capabilities
         Our competitive strength includes:
                                                                                                Our subsidiaries continue to develop and launch innovative
         • Broad and diversified distribution through more                                      products and strategic investment planning tools to assist
            than 35,000 financial advisors, with an emphasis on                                 advisors in building optimized portfolios for clients.
            comprehensive financial planning.
         • Broad product capabilities, leading brands and quality                               Enduring Client Relationships
           sub-advisory relationships.
                                                                                                IGM Financial enjoys significant advantages as a result of
         • Enduring client relationships and the long-standing
                                                                                                the enduring relationships that advisors have developed with
           heritages and cultures of its subsidiaries.
                                                                                                clients. In addition, our subsidiaries have strong heritages
         • Benefits of being part of the Power Corporation group                                and cultures which are challenging for competitors to replicate.
           of companies.

                                                                                                Part of the Power Corporation
                                                                                                Group of Companies
                                                                                                As part of the Power Corporation group of companies,
                                                                                                IGM Financial benefits through expense savings from shared
                                                                                                service arrangements, as well as through access to distribution,
                                                                                                products and capital.




                                                                                                                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                 81
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              C 65




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 65                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
                                Summary of Critical                                                           whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
                                Accounting Estimates                                                          that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
                                                                                                              These tests involve the use of estimates and assumptions
                                The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS
                                                                                                              appropriate in the circumstances. In assessing the
                                requires management to exercise judgment in the process of
                                                                                                              recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are used that
                                applying accounting policies and requires management to make
                                                                                                              include discounted cash flow analysis and application of
                                estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the
                                                                                                              capitalization multiples to financial and operating metrics
                                Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes.
                                                                                                              based upon precedent acquisition transactions and trading
                                In applying these policies, management makes subjective and
                                                                                                              comparables. Assumptions and estimates employed include
                                complex judgments that frequently require estimates about
                                                                                                              future changes in assets under management resulting from
                                matters that are inherently uncertain. Many of these policies
                                                                                                              net sales and investment returns, pricing and profit margin
                                are common in the financial services industry; others are
                                                                                                              changes, discount rates, and capitalization multiples.
                                specific to IGM Financial’s businesses and operations. IGM
                                Financial’s significant accounting policies are described in                  The Company completed its annual impairment tests of
                                detail in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.                    goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets as at April 1,
                                                                                                              2022, and determined there was no impairment in the value
                                Critical accounting estimates relate to the fair value of financial           of those assets.
                                instruments, goodwill and intangibles, income taxes, capitalized
                                sales commissions, provisions and employee benefits.                       • Income taxes – The provision for income taxes is determined
                                                                                                             on the basis of the anticipated tax treatment of transactions
                                The major critical accounting estimates are summarized below:                recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The
                                • Fair value of financial instruments – The Company’s financial              determination of the provision for income taxes requires
                                  instruments are carried at fair value, except for loans,                   interpretation of tax legislation in a number of jurisdictions.
                                  deposits and certificates, obligations to securitization                   Tax planning may allow the Company to record lower income
                                  entities, and long-term debt which are all carried at                      taxes in the current year and income taxes recorded in
                                  amortized cost. The fair value of publicly traded financial                prior years may be adjusted in the current year to reflect
                                  instruments is determined using published market prices.                   management’s best estimates of the overall adequacy
                                  The fair value of financial instruments where published                    of its provisions. Any related tax benefits or changes in
                                  market prices are not available, including Corporate                       management’s best estimates are reflected in the provision
                                  investments and derivatives related to the Company’s                       for income taxes. The recognition of deferred tax assets
                                  securitized loans, are determined using various valuation                  depends on management’s assumption that future earnings
                                  models which maximize the use of observable market inputs                  will be sufficient to realize the future benefit. The amount
                                  where available. Valuation methodologies and assumptions                   of the deferred tax asset or liability recorded is based on
                                  used in valuation models are reviewed on an ongoing basis.                 management’s best estimate of the timing of the realization
                                  Changes in these assumptions or valuation methodologies                     of the assets or liabilities. If our interpretation of tax
                                  could result in significant changes in net earnings.                        legislation differs from that of the tax authorities or if timing
                                                                                                              of reversals is not as anticipated, the provision for income
                                • Goodwill and intangible assets – Goodwill, indefinite life                  taxes could increase or decrease in future periods. Additional
                                  intangible assets, and definite life intangible assets                      information related to income taxes is included in the
                                  are reflected in Note 12 of the Consolidated Financial                      Summary of Consolidated Operating Results in this MD&A
                                  Statements. The Company tests the fair value of goodwill                    and in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                  and indefinite life intangible assets for impairment at least
                                  once a year and more frequently if an event or circumstance              • Capitalized sales commissions – Commissions paid directly by
                                                                                                              the client on the sale of certain mutual fund products are




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  indicates the asset may be impaired. An impairment loss
                                  is recognized if the amount of the asset’s carrying amount                  deferred and amortized over a maximum period of seven

 PART C
                                  exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is                   years. The Company regularly reviews the carrying value of
                                  the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and              capitalized sales commissions with respect to any events
                                  its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment,                 or circumstances that indicate impairment. Among the
                                  assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there                     tests performed by the Company to assess recoverability
                                  are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash generating                   is the comparison of the future economic benefits derived
                                  units). Finite life intangible assets are tested for impairment             from the capitalized sales commission asset in relation to




                           82 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 66                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 66                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:34 PM
            its carrying value. At December 31, 2022, there were no                                plan obligation decreased to $423.9 million at December 31,
            indications of impairment to capitalized sales commissions.                            2022 from $588.4 million at December 31, 2021, primarily
                                                                                                   due to the increase in the discount rate. The defined benefit
         • Provisions – A provision is recognized when there is a present
                                                                                                   pension plan had an accrued benefit asset of $86.8 million
           obligation as a result of a past transaction or event, it is
                                                                                                   at December 31, 2022 compared to an accrued benefit
           “probable” that an outflow of resources will be required
                                                                                                   liability of $21.7 million at December 31, 2021. Actuarial
           to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be
                                                                                                   gains or losses recorded in Other comprehensive income,
           made of the obligation. In determining the best estimate
                                                                                                   including the defined benefit pension plan, the SERPs and
           for a provision, a single estimate, a weighted average of all
                                                                                                   post-employment benefit plans, were gains of $137.0 million
           possible outcomes, or the midpoint where there is a range
                                                                                                   ($100.0 million after tax) for the twelve months ended
           of equally possible outcomes are all considered. A significant
                                                                                                   December 31, 2022.
           change in assessment of the likelihood or the best estimate
           may result in additional adjustments to net earnings.                                   A decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate utilized in 2022
                                                                                                   would result in a change of $17.9 million in the accrued
         • Employee benefits – The Company maintains a number of                                   pension obligation, $16.0 million in other comprehensive
            employee benefit plans. These plans include a funded                                   income, and $1.9 million in pension expense. Additional
            registered defined benefit pension plan for all eligible                               information regarding the Company’s accounting and
            employees, unfunded supplementary executive retirement                                 sensitivities related to pensions and other post-retirement
            plans for certain executive officers (SERPs) and an unfunded                           benefits is included in Notes 2 and 15 of the Consolidated
            post-employment health care and life insurance plan for                                Financial Statements.
            eligible retirees. The funded registered defined benefit
            pension plan provides pensions based on length of service
            and final average earnings. The measurement date for the
                                                                                                 Changes in Accounting Policies
            Company’s defined benefit pension plan assets and for the                            IGM Financial has not adopted any changes in accounting
            accrued benefit obligations on all defined benefit plans is                          policies in 2022.
            December 31.
            Due to the long-term nature of these plans, the calculation
                                                                                                 Future Accounting Changes
            of the accrued benefit asset or liability depends on various
            assumptions including discount rates, rates of return on                             The Company continuously monitors the potential changes
            assets, the level and types of benefits provided, healthcare                         proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board
            cost trend rates, projected salary increases, retirement                             (IASB) and analyzes the effect that changes in the standards
            age, mortality and termination rates. The discount rate                              may have on the Company’s operations.
            assumption is determined using a yield curve of AA                                   The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects which
            corporate debt securities. All other assumptions are                                 will result in changes to existing IFRS standards that may affect
            determined by management and reviewed by independent                                 the Company. Updates will be provided as the projects develop.
            actuaries who calculate the pension and other future
            benefits expenses and accrued benefit obligations. Actual
                                                                                                 IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts
            experience that differs from the actuarial assumptions
            will result in actuarial gains or losses as well as changes in                       The IASB issued IFRS 17 which requires insurance contracts to
            benefits expense. The Company records actuarial gains                                be measured using updated estimates and assumptions that
            and losses on all of its defined benefit plans in Other                              reflect the timing of cash flows and any uncertainty relating to
            comprehensive income.                                                                insurance contracts and is effective for periods beginning on
            Discount rates have increased significantly since                                    or after January 1, 2023. Adoption of this standard is expected
            December 31, 2021. The discount rate on the Company’s                                to affect the accounting for the carrying value of the Company’s
            RPP at December 31, 2022 was 5.25% compared to 3.30%                                 investment in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) and the amount




                                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
            at December 31, 2021. The pension plan assets decreased                              that the Company records for its proportionate share of
            to $510.7 million at December 31, 2022 from $566.7 million                           associate’s earnings. Additional information of the impact on

                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
            at December 31, 2021 due to declines in the markets partly                           Lifeco is available in its public disclosures.
            offset by contributions. The total defined benefit pension




                                                       Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  83
                                                P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               C 67




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 67                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are                       The Company’s management, under the supervision of the
                                designed to provide reasonable assurance that (a) material                 President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
                                information relating to the Company is made known to the                   Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s
                                President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial              disclosure controls and procedures. Based on their evaluations
                                Officer by others, particularly during the period in which the             as of December 31, 2022, the President and Chief Executive
                                annual filings are being prepared, and (b) information required            Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the
                                to be disclosed by the Company in its annual filings, interim              Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.
                                filings or other reports filed or submitted by it under securities
                                legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
                                within the time periods specified in securities legislation.




                                Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is                 Control – Integrated Framework (COSO 2013 Framework)
                                designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the                     published by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
                                reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial        the Treadway Commission. The Company transitioned to the
                                statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The              COSO 2013 Framework during 2014. Based on their evaluations
                                Company’s management is responsible for establishing and                   as of December 31, 2022, the President and Chief Executive
                                maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.            Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the
                                                                                                           Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective
                                All internal control systems have inherent limitations and
                                                                                                           in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                                may become inadequate because of changes in conditions.
                                                                                                           financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
                                                                                                           for external purposes in accordance with IFRS.
                                provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
                                statement preparation and presentation.                                    Notwithstanding the above, during the fourth quarter of 2022,
                                                                                                           there have been no changes in the Company’s internal control
                                The Company’s management, under the supervision of the
                                                                                                           over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are
                                President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
                                                                                                           reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
                                Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s
                                                                                                           control over financial reporting.
                                internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 PART C




                           84 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                               C 68                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 68                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Other Information
         Transactions with Related Parties                                                      Outstanding Share Data
         IGM Financial enters into transactions with The Canada Life                            Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as at
         Assurance Company (Canada Life), which is a subsidiary of its                          December 31, 2022 totalled 237,668,062. Outstanding
         affiliate, Lifeco, which is a subsidiary of Power Corporation                          stock options as at December 31, 2022 totalled 11,725,342
         of Canada. These transactions are in the normal course of                              of which 6,596,299 were exercisable. As at February 3,
         operations and have been recorded at fair value:                                       2022, outstanding common shares totalled 237,780,120
         • During 2022 and 2021, the Company provided to and                                    and outstanding stock options totalled 11,575,766 of which
           received from Canada Life certain administrative services                            6,461,906 were exercisable.
           enabling each organization to take advantage of economies
           of scale and areas of expertise.
                                                                                                SEDAR
         • The Company distributes insurance products under a
                                                                                                Additional information relating to IGM Financial, including
           distribution agreement with Canada Life and received
                                                                                                the Company’s most recent financial statements and Annual
           $48.7 million in distribution fees (2021 – $52.7 million).
                                                                                                Information Form, is available at www.sedar.com.
           The Company received $61.4 million (2021 – $63.3 million)
           and paid $19.5 million (2021 – $22.6 million) to Canada Life
           and related subsidiary companies for the provision of sub-
           advisory services for certain investment funds. The Company
           paid $0.6 million (2021 – $15.5 million) to Canada Life related
           to the distribution of certain mutual funds of the Company.
         • In order to manage its overall liquidity position, the
           Company’s mortgage banking operation is active in the
           securitization market and also sells residential mortgage
           loans to third parties, on a fully serviced basis. During 2022,
           no residential mortgage loans were sold by the Company to
           Canada Life, compared to $11.9 million in 2021.

         On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional
         interest in ChinaAMC from Power and sold a portion of its
         investment in Lifeco to Power.

         For further information on transactions involving related
         parties, see Notes 9, 27 and 29 to the Company’s Consolidated
         Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                         PART C




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                              85
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             C 69




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 69                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:34 PM
      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 PART C




                           Page intentionally left blank.




                           C 70                            P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 70                                                              2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Consolidated Financial Statements

                      Independent Auditor’s Report                                                 88
                      Consolidated Statements of Earnings                                           91
                      Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income                               92
                      Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                   93
                      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity                   94
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                        95

                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                      Note 1    Corporate information                                              96
                      Note 2    Summary of significant accounting policies                         96
                      Note 3    Revenues from contracts with customers                             101
                      Note 4    Expenses                                                           102
                      Note 5    Other investments                                                  102
                      Note 6    Loans                                                              103
                      Note 7    Securitizations                                                    104
                      Note 8    Other assets                                                       104
                      Note 9    Investment in associates                                           105
                      Note 10 Capital assets                                                       107
                      Note 11 Capitalized sales commissions                                        107
                      Note 12 Goodwill and intangible assets                                       108
                      Note 13 Deposits and certificates                                            109
                      Note 14 Other liabilities                                                    109
                      Note 15 Employee benefits                                                    109
                      Note 16 Income taxes                                                         112
                      Note 17 Long-term debt                                                       113
                      Note 18 Share capital                                                        114
                      Note 19 Capital management                                                   114
                      Note 20 Share-based payments                                                 115
                      Note 21 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                        116
                      Note 22 Risk management                                                      117
                      Note 23 Derivative financial instruments                                     120




                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                      Note 24 Fair value of financial instruments                                  121


                                                                                                                                         PART C
                      Note 25 Earnings per common share                                            124
                      Note 26 Contingent liabilities and guarantees                                124
                      Note 27 Related party transactions                                           124
                      Note 28 Segmented information                                                125
                      Note 29 Subsequent event                                                     127




                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA          C 71




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 71                                                                    2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Independent Auditor’s Report
                                To the Shareholders of IGM Financial Inc.



                                Opinion
                                We have audited the consolidated financial statements of IGM Financial Inc. (the “Company”), which comprise the consolidated
                                balance sheets as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes
                                in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
                                a summary of significant accounting policies (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).

                                In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
                                as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with
                                International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).



                                Basis for Opinion
                                We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian GAAS”). Our responsibilities
                                under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report.
                                We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
                                statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe
                                that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



                                Key Audit Matters
                                A key audit matter is a matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
                                statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated
                                financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.



                                Other investments – Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (“Wealthsimple”) – Refer to Notes 2, 5 and 24
                                to the financial statements


                                Key Audit Matter Description
                                The Company’s Other investments balance includes an equity investment in Wealthsimple, which is recognized at fair value through
                                other comprehensive income. Given that Wealthsimple is a private company, significant management judgment is required in the
                                determination of the fair value of the investment. In determining fair value, a market approach using observable valuation metrics,
                                including revenue multiples, and a discounted cash flow analysis were considered by management. Significant management judgment
                                was required in determining the most appropriate valuation approaches and inputs used in each, including revenue multiples applied
                                in the market approach.

                                Auditing the fair value of Wealthsimple required a high degree of auditor judgment which resulted in an increased extent of audit




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                effort, including the use of fair value specialists.


 PART C




                           88 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 72                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 72                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
         With the assistance of fair value specialists, our audit procedures related to the fair value of Wealthsimple included the following,
         among others:
         • We evaluated the appropriateness of fair value approaches and developed independent fair value estimates using an independent
           market approach by analyzing comparable public company revenue multiples and using revenue and financial forecasts provided
           to the Company by Wealthsimple.
         • We evaluated relevant internal and external information, including industry information, and assessed the reasonability of
           unobservable inputs in instances where these inputs were more subjective.
         • We compared the independent fair value estimate to management’s fair value estimate.
         • We independently performed a retrospective evaluation and analyzed Wealthsimple’s financial performance using revenue and
           financial forecasts provided to the Company by Wealthsimple in order to determine the impact on the fair value determination.
         • We evaluated other available information and considered whether this information corroborated or contradicted the
           Company’s conclusions.



         Other Information
         Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
         • Management’s Discussion and Analysis
         • The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the Annual Report.

         Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of
         assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
         information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
         statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

         We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have performed
         on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that
         fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this regard.

         The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on the work we will perform
         on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that
         fact to those charged with governance.



         Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with
         Governance for the Financial Statements
         Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and for
         such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
         material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

         In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
         disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either
         intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.



                                                                                                                                                                               PART C




                                                              Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report               89
                                               P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                   C 73




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 73                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
                                Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
                                misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
                                is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian GAAS will always detect
                                a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
                                or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
                                financial statements.

                                As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
                                throughout the audit. We also:
                                • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and
                                  perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                                  for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
                                  as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
                                • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
                                  circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
                                • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
                                  made by management.
                                • Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
                                  obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
                                  ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
                                  auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
                                  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
                                  conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
                                • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the
                                  financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
                                • Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
                                  Company to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance
                                  of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

                                We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
                                and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

                                We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
                                independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
                                independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

                                From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
                                the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
                                matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
                                circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
                                so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                                The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is David Dalziel.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Signed,


 PART C
                                Deloitte LLP
                                Chartered Professional Accountants
                                Winnipeg, Manitoba
                                February 9, 2023




                           90 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 74                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 74                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Consolidated Statements of Earnings
         (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)



         For the years ended December 31                                                                                         2022             2021

         Revenues
          Wealth management (Note 3)                                                                                    $   2,465,306    $ 2,553,600

          Asset management                                                                                                   965,984         1,011,456
          Dealer compensation expense                                                                                       (308,871)         (335,970)
          Net asset management (Note 3)                                                                                      657,113          675,486

          Net investment income and other                                                                                     24,068           22,542
          Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 9)                                                               210,762          196,367
                                                                                                                            3,357,249        3,447,995
         Expenses (Note 4)
          Advisory and business development                                                                                 1,205,472        1,178,009
          Operations and support                                                                                             839,941          806,380
          Sub-advisory                                                                                                        75,125           82,020
          Interest (Note 17)                                                                                                 113,768          113,936
                                                                                                                            2,234,306        2,180,345
         Earnings before income taxes                                                                                       1,122,943        1,267,650
         Income taxes (Note 16)                                                                                              250,365          286,763
         Net earnings                                                                                                        872,578          980,887
         Non-controlling interest (Note 9)                                                                                     (5,334)          (1,938)
         Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                  $    867,244     $    978,949
         Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 25)
          – Basic                                                                                                       $        3.64    $        4.10
          – Diluted                                                                                                     $        3.63    $        4.08

         (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C




                                                                      Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report           91
                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            C 75




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 75                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                                (in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                For the years ended December 31                                                                                                     2022             2021

                                Net earnings                                                                                                                $   872,578     $    980,887

                                Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                                 Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
                                    Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
                                      Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 5), net of tax of $92,009 and $(130,242)                                          (585,515)        834,519
                                    Employee benefits
                                      Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $(36,950) and $(37,466)                                                       100,049          101,283
                                    Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
                                      Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                                       12,689           23,519

                                 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
                                    Investment in associates and other
                                      Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $2,541 and $(4,284)                                                       (23,508)          (3,787)
                                                                                                                                                                (496,285)        955,534
                                Total comprehensive income                                                                                                  $   376,293     $   1,936,421

                                (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 PART C




                           92 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                               C 76                                                                          P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 76                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Consolidated Balance Sheets
         (in thousands of Canadian dollars)



         As at December 31                                                                                                               2022             2021

         Assets
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             $    1,072,892   $   1,292,446
         Other investments (Note 5)                                                                                                  774,536         1,398,023
         Client funds on deposit                                                                                                    4,347,354       2,238,624
         Accounts and other receivables                                                                                              368,806           387,157
         Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                     15,544           17,344
         Loans (Note 6)                                                                                                             5,021,483       5,353,842
         Derivative financial instruments (Note 23)                                                                                   63,665            41,172
         Other assets (Note 8)                                                                                                       156,240           54,298
         Investment in associates (Note 9)                                                                                          2,186,961       2,048,255
         Capital assets (Note 10)                                                                                                    326,288          315,964
         Capitalized sales commissions (Note 11)                                                                                     372,173          325,424
         Deferred income taxes (Note 16)                                                                                                1,419          29,269
         Intangible assets (Note 12)                                                                                                1,363,642        1,356,704
         Goodwill (Note 12)                                                                                                         2,802,173       2,802,066
                                                                                                                               $   18,873,176   $   17,660,588

         Liabilities
         Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                              $     507,573    $     553,429
         Income taxes payable                                                                                                           7,122          104,113
         Derivative financial instruments (Note 23)                                                                                   51,581            17,773
         Deposits and certificates (Note 13)                                                                                        4,333,997        2,220,274
         Other liabilities (Note 14)                                                                                                 355,577          382,466
         Obligations to securitization entities (Note 7)                                                                            4,610,438        5,057,917
         Lease obligations                                                                                                           192,793          197,969
         Deferred income taxes (Note 16)                                                                                             451,005          525,476
         Long-term debt (Note 17)                                                                                                   2,100,000        2,100,000
                                                                                                                                   12,610,086       11,159,417

         Shareholders’ Equity
         Share capital (Note 18)
          Common shares                                                                                                             1,672,799       1,658,680
         Contributed surplus                                                                                                          54,134           51,069
         Retained earnings                                                                                                          4,106,714       3,856,996
         Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 21)                                                                     362,766          883,083
         Non-controlling interest (Note 9)                                                                                            66,677           51,343
                                                                                                                                    6,263,090        6,501,171
                                                                                                                               $   18,873,176   $   17,660,588

         These financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on February 9, 2023.




         Signed,                                                                                    Signed,




                                                                                                                                                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         James O’Sullivan                                                                           John McCallum

                                                                                                                                                                                          PART C
         Director                                                                                   Director



         (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                                                                      Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                  93
                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    C 77




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 77                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
                                (in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                                                                                   Accumulated
                                                                                                    Share capital                                                         other
                                                                                                      – Common                                                   comprehensive              Non-                 Total
                                                                                                           shares        Contributed            Retained           income (loss)       controlling       shareholders’
                                                                                                         (Note 18)           surplus            earnings               (Note 21)         interest              equity

                                2022
                                Balance, beginning of year                                      $    1,658,680       $       51,069      $   3,856,996       $         883,083     $     51,343      $    6,501,171
                                Net earnings                                                                   –                   –           872,578                        –                 –           872,578
                                Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                  –                   –                    –           (496,285)                   –          (496,285)
                                Total comprehensive income                                                     –                   –           872,578              (496,285)                   –           376,293
                                Common shares
                                 Issued under stock option plan                                          34,429                    –                    –                     –                 –             34,429
                                 Purchased for cancellation                                             (20,310)                   –                    –                     –                 –            (20,310)
                                Stock options
                                 Current period expense                                                        –              4,941                     –                     –                 –              4,941
                                 Exercised                                                                     –             (1,876)                    –                     –                 –             (1,876)
                                Common share dividends                                                         –                   –           (536,069)                      –                 –          (536,069)
                                Non-controlling interest                                                       –                   –             (5,334)                      –          15,334               10,000
                                Transfer out of fair value through other
                                comprehensive income (Note 5)                                                  –                   –             24,032                (24,032)                 –                   –
                                Common share cancellation excess and other                                     –                   –           (105,489)                      –                 –          (105,489)
                                Balance, end of year                                            $    1,672,799       $       54,134      $   4,106,714       $         362,766     $     66,677      $    6,263,090

                                2021
                                Balance, beginning of year                                      $    1,598,381       $       51,663      $   3,207,469       $         136,364     $     48,913      $    5,042,790
                                Net earnings                                                                   –                   –           980,887                        –                 –           980,887
                                Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                  –                   –                    –              955,534                  –           955,534
                                Total comprehensive income                                                     –                   –           980,887                 955,534                  –         1,936,421
                                Common shares
                                 Issued under stock option plan                                         60,299                     –                    –                     –                 –            60,299
                                Stock options
                                 Current period expense                                                        –              3,802                     –                     –                 –              3,802
                                 Exercised                                                                     –             (4,396)                    –                     –                 –             (4,396)
                                Common share dividends                                                         –                   –           (537,795)                      –                 –           (537,795)
                                Non-controlling interest                                                       –                   –              (1,938)                     –           2,430                  492
                                Transfer out of fair value through other
                                comprehensive income (Note 5)                                                  –                   –           208,815               (208,815)                  –                   –
                                Other                                                                          –                   –                (442)                     –                 –               (442)
                                Balance, end of year                                            $    1,658,680       $       51,069      $ 3,856,996         $         883,083     $     51,343      $     6,501,171

                                (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 PART C




                           94 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 78                                                                                    P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 78                                                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
         (in thousands of Canadian dollars)


         For the years ended December 31                                                                                          2022              2021

         Operating activities
          Earnings before income taxes                                                                                  $   1,122,943     $    1,267,650
          Income taxes paid                                                                                                  (330,869)          (153,501)
          Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
             Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                         77,587            56,683
             Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                              (123,513)          (151,022)
             Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                             103,994            99,818
             Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                          (106,262)          (102,134)
             Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                         5,855            14,403
             Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                              (3,680)          (38,342)
             Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                           746,055           993,555
             Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                              (8,385)          (49,965)
                                                                                                                              737,670           943,590

         Financing activities
          Net decrease in deposits and certificates                                                                              (160)            (3,861)
          Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                1,171,025         1,428,861
          Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                    (1,626,896)       (2,442,698)
          Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                      (25,592)           (23,023)
          Issue of common shares                                                                                               42,553            55,904
          Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                           (115,667)                 –
          Common share dividends paid                                                                                        (537,197)          (537,027)
                                                                                                                            (1,091,934)       (1,521,844)

         Investing activities
          Purchase of other investments                                                                                      (150,508)          (131,778)
          Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                         120,070           348,206
          Increase in loans                                                                                                 (1,274,427)       (1,776,070)
          Repayment of loans and other                                                                                      1,584,354         2,744,676
          Net additions to capital assets                                                                                      (37,672)          (10,643)
          Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                          (107,107)           (75,276)
                                                                                                                              134,710          1,099,115
         (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                    (219,554)          520,861
         Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                       1,292,446           771,585

         Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                         $   1,072,892     $   1,292,446

         Cash                                                                                                           $     346,257     $     326,225
         Cash equivalents                                                                                                     726,635           966,221
                                                                                                                        $   1,072,892     $   1,292,446
         Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities
          Interest and dividends received                                                                               $     253,558     $     247,377
          Interest paid                                                                                                 $     201,741     $     221,129

         (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C




                                                                      Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report             95
                                                       P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              C 79




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 79                                                                                                                2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)



                                Note 1. Corporate information

                                IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The registered address
                                of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled by Power Corporation of Canada.

                                IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through its principal
                                subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The Company’s wholly-owned
                                principal subsidiaries are Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie).



                                Note 2. Summary of significant accounting policies

                                The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
                                Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The policies set out below were consistently
                                applied to all the periods presented unless otherwise noted.


                                Use of judgment, estimates and assumptions
                                The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to exercise judgment in the process of
                                applying accounting policies and requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
                                Consolidated Financial Statements. The key areas where judgment has been applied include: the determination of which financial
                                assets should be derecognized; the assessment of the appropriate classification of financial instruments, including those classified as
                                fair value through profit or loss; and the assessment that significant influence exists for its investment in associates. Key components
                                of the financial statements requiring management to make estimates include: the fair value of financial instruments, goodwill,
                                intangible assets, income taxes, capitalized sales commissions, provisions and employee benefits. Actual results may differ from such
                                estimates. Further detail of judgments and estimates are found in the remainder of Note 2 and in Notes 5, 7, 9, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16 and 24.


                                Basis of consolidation
                                The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and all subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
                                elimination of intercompany transactions and balances. Subsidiaries are entities the Company controls when it is exposed, or has
                                rights, to variable returns from its involvement and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the relevant
                                activities of the entity.

                                The Company’s investments in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC) and Northleaf Capital
                                Group Ltd. (Northleaf) are accounted for using the equity method. The investments were initially recorded at cost and the carrying
                                amounts are increased or decreased to recognize the Company’s share of the investments’ comprehensive income (loss) and the
                                dividends received since the date of acquisition.


                                Revenue recognition




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Wealth management revenue is earned for providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services. Revenues
                                from financial advisory fees and investment management and related administration fees are based on the net asset value of

 PART C
                                investment funds or other assets under advisement and are accrued as services are performed. Distribution revenue associated with
                                insurance and banking products and services are also recognized on an accrual basis while distribution fees derived from investment
                                fund and securities transactions are recognized on a trade date basis.

                                Asset management revenue related to investment management advisory and administrative services is based on the net asset value
                                of investment funds and other assets under management and is accrued as services are performed.




                           96 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 80                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 80                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Financial instruments
         All financial assets are initially recognized at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are subsequently classified as
         measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) or amortized cost
         based on the Company’s assessment of the business model within which the financial asset is managed and the financial asset’s
         contractual cash flow characteristics.

         A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it is held within a business model of holding financial assets and collecting
         contractual cash flows and those cash flows are comprised solely of payments of principal and interest. A financial asset is measured
         at FVTOCI if the financial asset is held within a business model of both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial
         assets or through an irrevocable election for equity instruments that are not held for trading. All other financial assets are measured
         at FVTPL. A financial asset that would otherwise be measured at amortized cost or FVTOCI can be designated as FVTPL through an
         irrevocable election if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

         Financial assets can only be reclassified when there is a change to the business model within which they are managed. Such
         reclassifications are applied on a prospective basis.

         Financial liabilities are classified either as measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method or as FVTPL, which are
         recorded at fair value.

         Unrealized gains and losses on financial assets classified as FVTOCI as well as other comprehensive income amounts, including
         unrealized foreign currency translation gains and losses related to the Company’s investment in its associates, are recorded in the
         Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income on a net of tax basis. Accumulated other comprehensive income forms part
         of Shareholders’ equity.


         Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and temporary investments consisting of highly liquid investments with short-term
         maturities. Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements
         of Earnings.


         Other investments
         Other investments, which are recorded on a trade date basis, are classified as either FVTOCI or FVTPL.

         The Company has elected to classify certain equity investments that are not held for trading as FVTOCI. Unrealized gains and losses
         on these FVTOCI investments are recorded in Other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings when
         realized without being recorded through profit or loss. Dividends declared are recorded in Net investment income and other in the
         Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

         FVTPL investments are held for trading and are comprised of fixed income and equity investments and investments in proprietary
         investment funds. Unrealized and realized gains and losses, dividends declared, and interest income on these investments are
         recorded in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.


         Loans
         Loans are classified as either FVTPL or amortized cost, based on the Company’s assessment of the business model within which the
         loan is managed. Revenues from mortgage activities are included in Wealth management revenues in the Consolidated Statement
         of Earnings.




                                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         Changes in fair value of loans measured at FVTPL are recorded in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated Statements

                                                                                                                                                                             PART C
         of Earnings. Loans measured at amortized cost are recorded net of an allowance for expected credit losses. Interest income is
         accounted for on the accrual basis using the effective interest method for all loans and is recorded in Wealth management revenue
         in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

         The Company applies a three-stage impairment approach to measure expected credit losses on loans: 1) On origination, an allowance
         for 12-month expected credit losses is established, 2) Lifetime expected credit losses are recognized where there is a significant
         deterioration of credit quality, and 3) A loan is considered credit impaired when there is no longer reasonable assurance of collection.




                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report               97
                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             C 81




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 81                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Derecognition
                                The Company enters into transactions where it transfers financial assets recognized on its balance sheet. The determination of
                                whether the financial assets are derecognized is based on the extent to which the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred.
                                The gains or losses and the servicing fee revenue for financial assets that are derecognized are reported in Wealth management
                                revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The transactions for financial assets that are not derecognized are accounted
                                for as secured financing transactions.


                                Sales commissions
                                Commissions are paid on investment product sales where the Company either receives a fee directly from the client or where
                                it receives a fee directly from the investment fund.

                                Commissions paid on investment product sales where the Company earns fees from a client are capitalized and amortized over their
                                estimated useful lives, not exceeding a period of seven years. The Company regularly reviews the carrying value of capitalized selling
                                commissions with respect to any events or circumstances that indicate impairment. Among the tests performed by the Company
                                to assess recoverability is the comparison of the future economic benefits derived from the capitalized selling commission asset in
                                relation to its carrying value.

                                All other commissions paid on investment product sales are expensed as incurred.


                                Capital assets
                                Capital assets are comprised of Property and equipment and Right-of-use assets.

                                Property and equipment

                                Buildings, furnishings and equipment are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from 3 to 17
                                years for equipment and furnishings and 10 to 50 years for the building and its components. Capital assets are tested for impairment
                                whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

                                Right-of-use assets

                                A right-of-use asset representing the Company’s property leases is depreciated using the straight-line method from the
                                commencement date to the end of the lease term and is recorded in Advisory and business development and Operations
                                and support expenses.


                                Leases
                                For contracts that contain a lease, the Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. Imputed interest on the lease
                                liability is recorded in Interest expense.

                                Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprises fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable,
                                variable payments that depend on an index or a rate, and payments or penalties for terminating the lease, if any. The lease
                                payments are discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate, which is applied to portfolios of leases with reasonably
                                similar characteristics.

                                The Company does not recognize a right-of-use asset or lease liability for leases that, at commencement date, have a lease term of
                                12 months or less, and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. The Company recognizes the payments associated with




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.


 PART C




                           98 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 82                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 82                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Goodwill and intangible assets
         The Company tests the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets for impairment at least once a year and more
         frequently if an event or circumstance indicates the asset may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the amount of the
         asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs
         of disposal or its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there
         are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash generating units).

         Investment fund management contracts have been assessed to have an indefinite useful life as the contractual right to manage
         the assets has no fixed term.

         Trade names have been assessed to have an indefinite useful life as they contribute to the revenues of the Company’s integrated
         asset management business as a whole and the Company intends to utilize them for the foreseeable future.

         Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Software assets are
         amortized over a period not exceeding 7 years and distribution and other management contracts are amortized over a period not
         exceeding 20 years. Finite life intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
         that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.


         Employee benefits
         The Company maintains a number of employee benefit plans including defined benefit plans and defined contribution pension
         plans for eligible employees. These plans are related parties in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s defined benefit plans include
         a funded defined benefit pension plan for eligible employees, unfunded supplementary executive retirement plans (SERP) for certain
         executive officers, and an unfunded post-employment health care, dental and life insurance plan for eligible retirees.

         The defined benefit pension plan provides pensions based on length of service and final average earnings.

         The cost of the defined benefit plans is actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method prorated on service based
         upon management’s assumptions about discount rates, compensation increases, retirement ages of employees, mortality and
         expected health care costs. Any changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying amount of the pension asset. The Company’s
         accrued benefit asset or liability in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by discounting the amount
         of the benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in current and prior periods and deducting the fair value of any
         plan assets. The Company determines the net interest component of the pension expense for the period by applying the discount
         rate used to measure the accrued benefit asset or liability at the beginning of the annual period to the net accrued benefit asset or
         liability. The discount rate used to value assets or liabilities is determined using a yield curve of AA corporate debt securities.

         If the plan benefits are changed, or a plan is curtailed, any past service costs or curtailment gains or losses are recognized
         immediately in net earnings.

         Current service costs, past service costs and curtailment gains or losses are included in Operations and support expenses.

         Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans represent actuarial gains and losses and the actual return on plan assets, less
         interest calculated at the discount rate. Remeasurements are recognized immediately through Other comprehensive income (OCI)
         and are not reclassified to net earnings.

         The accrued benefit asset represents the surplus related to defined benefit pension plan and is included in Other assets. The
         accrued benefit liability represents the deficit of the SERPs and post-employment health care plan and is included in Other liabilities.

         Payments to the defined contribution pension plans are expensed as incurred.




                                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                             PART C




                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report               99
                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             C 83




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 83                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Share-based payments
                                The Company uses the fair value based method to account for stock options granted to employees. The fair value of stock options
                                is determined on each grant date. Compensation expense is recognized over the period that the stock options vest, with a
                                corresponding increase in Contributed surplus. When stock options are exercised, the proceeds together with the amount recorded
                                in Contributed surplus are added to Share capital.

                                The Company recognizes a liability for cash settled awards including those granted under the Performance Share Unit, Restricted
                                Share Unit and Deferred Share Unit plans. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period, net of related hedges.
                                The liability is remeasured at fair value at each reporting period.


                                Provisions
                                A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present obligation where a reliable estimate can be made,
                                and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation.


                                Income taxes
                                The Company uses the liability method in accounting for income taxes whereby deferred income tax assets and liabilities reflect
                                the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their
                                tax bases and tax loss carryforwards. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the enacted or substantively
                                enacted tax rates which are anticipated to be in effect when the temporary differences are expected to reverse.


                                Earnings per share
                                Basic earnings per share is determined by dividing Net earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number
                                of common shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings per share is determined using the same method as basic earnings per
                                share except that the average number of common shares outstanding includes the potential dilutive effect of outstanding stock
                                options granted by the Company as determined by the treasury stock method.


                                Derivative financial instruments
                                Derivative financial instruments are utilized by the Company in the management of equity price and interest rate risks. The Company
                                does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.

                                The Company formally documents all hedging relationships, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking
                                various hedging transactions. This process includes linking all derivatives to specific assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance
                                Sheets or to anticipated future transactions. The Company also formally assesses, both at the hedge’s inception and on an ongoing
                                basis, whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
                                flows of hedged items. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

                                Derivative financial instruments specifically designated as a hedge and meeting the criteria for hedge effectiveness offset the
                                changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. A hedge is designated either as a cash flow hedge or a fair value hedge. A
                                cash flow hedge requires the change in fair value of the derivative, to the extent effective, to be recorded in Other comprehensive
                                income, which is reclassified to the Consolidated Statements of Earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. The change in fair
                                value of the ineffective portion of the derivative in a cash flow hedge is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. A fair
                                value hedge requires the change in fair value of the hedging derivative and the change in fair value of the hedged item relating to
                                the hedged risk to both be recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                The Company enters into interest rate swaps as part of its mortgage banking and intermediary operations. These swap agreements

 PART C
                                require the periodic exchange of net interest payments without the exchange of the notional principal amount on which the
                                payments are based. Swaps entered into to hedge the costs of funds on certain securitization activities are designated as hedging
                                instruments (Note 23). The effective portion of changes in fair value are initially recorded in Other comprehensive income and
                                subsequently recorded in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings over the term of the associated
                                Obligations to securitization entities. Remaining mortgage related swaps are not designated as hedging instruments and changes in
                                fair value are recorded directly in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                           100 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 84                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 84                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         The Company also enters into total return swaps and forward agreements to manage its exposure to fluctuations in the total return
         of its common shares related to deferred compensation arrangements. Total return swap and forward agreements require the
         exchange of net contractual payments periodically or at maturity without the exchange of the notional principal amounts on which
         the payments are based. Certain of these derivatives are not designated as hedging instruments and changes in fair value are
         recorded in Operations and support expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

         Derivatives continue to be utilized on a basis consistent with the risk management policies of the Company and are monitored
         by the Company for effectiveness as economic hedges even if specific hedge accounting requirements are not met.


         Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
         Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets when the Company has
         a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and intends to settle on a net basis or to realize the assets and settle the
         liabilities simultaneously.


         Future accounting changes
         The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and analyzes the
         effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.

         IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts

         The IASB issued IFRS 17 which requires insurance contracts to be measured using updated estimates and assumptions that reflect
         the timing of cash flows and any uncertainty relating to insurance contracts and is effective for periods beginning on or after
         January 1, 2023. Adoption of this standard is expected to affect the accounting for the carrying value of the Company’s investment
         in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) and the amount that the Company records for its proportionate share of associate’s earnings.
         Additional information of the impact on Lifeco is available in its public disclosures.



         Note 3. Revenues from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                                2022            2021

         Advisory fees                                                                                                 $   1,372,815   $   1,397,859
         Product and program fees                                                                                           923,856          961,122
                                                                                                                           2,296,671       2,358,981
         Redemption fees                                                                                                      4,005          10,029
         Other financial planning revenues                                                                                  164,630         184,590
         Wealth management                                                                                                 2,465,306       2,553,600
         Asset management                                                                                                   965,984        1,011,456
         Dealer compensation expense                                                                                       (308,871)        (335,970)
         Net asset management                                                                                               657,113         675,486
         Net revenues from contracts with customers                                                                    $   3,122,419   $   3,229,086


         Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services. Advisory
         fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement. Product and program fees, related
         to investment management and administration services, are associated with assets under management. Other financial planning




                                                                                                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         revenues include insurance, banking products and services, and mortgage lending activities.


                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C
         Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends on the level and
         composition of assets under management.




                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 101
                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               C 85




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 85                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Note 4. Expenses

                                                                                                                                                                    2022            2021

                                Commissions                                                                                                                $    932,018    $    918,793
                                Salaries and employee benefits                                                                                                  609,341         590,388
                                Occupancy                                                                                                                        25,949           27,117
                                Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                            103,994          99,818
                                Other                                                                                                                           374,111         348,273
                                                                                                                                                               2,045,413       1,984,389
                                Sub-advisory                                                                                                                     75,125          82,020
                                Interest                                                                                                                        113,768         113,936
                                                                                                                                                           $   2,234,306   $   2,180,345




                                Note 5. Other investments

                                                                                                                                                    2022                            2021
                                                                                                                               Cost          Fair value             Cost        Fair value

                                Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
                                 Corporate investments                                                             $     242,704       $         602,612   $    226,220    $   1,291,434
                                Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
                                 Equity securities                                                                         12,689                 12,933           1,173           1,552
                                 Proprietary investment funds                                                            156,663                 158,991        101,327         105,037
                                                                                                                         169,352                 171,924        102,500         106,589
                                                                                                                   $     412,056       $         774,536   $    328,720    $   1,398,023



                                Fair value through other comprehensive income
                                Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the Company’s investments in Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple),
                                and Portag3 Ventures LP, Portag3 Ventures II LP and Portage Ventures III LP (Portage). Portage is an early-stage investment
                                fund dedicated to backing innovating financial services companies. Portage is controlled by Power Corporation of Canada.

                                The total fair value of Corporate investments of $602.6 million is presented net of certain costs incurred within the limited
                                partnership structures holding the underlying investments.


                                Investment in Wealthsimple
                                Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and managing your
                                money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is held through a limited partnership controlled by Power Corporation of Canada.
                                The investment is classified at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income. IGM Financial Inc. holds directly and indirectly a
                                24% interest in Wealthsimple (2021 – 23%) valued at $492 million at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $1,153 million). The investment in
                                Wealthsimple decreased $661 million for the twelve months ending December 31, 2022. Fair value is determined by using observable
                                transactions in the investments’ securities where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue
                                multiples used in the valuation of comparable public companies. This change in fair value is consistent with changes in stock market
                                valuations and public market peer multiples, as well as company revenue and other financial forecasts.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                In 2022, realized gains of $27.8 million ($24.0 million after-tax) related to Other investments were transferred from Accumulated other

 PART C
                                comprehensive income to Other retained earnings. In 2021, IGM Financial Inc. disposed of a portion of its investment in Wealthsimple
                                and a realized gain of $241 million ($209 million after-tax) was transferred from Accumulated other comprehensive income to Other
                                retained earnings.




                           102 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 86                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 86                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Fair value through profit or loss
         Proprietary investment funds

         The Company manages and provides services and earns management and administration fees, in respect of investment funds
         that are not recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As at December 31, 2022, there were $163.6 billion in investment fund
         assets under management (2021 – $184.5 billion). The Company’s investments in proprietary investment funds are classified on the
         Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets as fair value through profit or loss. These investments are generally made in the process
         of launching a new fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss is limited to its
         direct investment in the proprietary investment funds.

         Certain investment funds are consolidated where the Company has made the assessment that it controls the investment fund.
         As at December 31, 2022, the underlying investments related to these consolidated investment funds primarily consisted of cash
         and short-term investments of $14.6 million (2021 – $25.1 million), equity securities of $97.5 million (2021 – $50.9 million) and
         fixed income securities of $22.3 million (2021 – $13.0 million). The underlying securities of these funds are classified as FVTPL
         and recognized at fair value.



         Note 6. Loans

                                                                                                                           Contractual maturity
                                                                                                       1 year             1–5              Over           2022             2021
                                                                                                       or less           years          5 years           Total            Total

         Amortized cost
          Residential mortgages                                                             $     963,837        $   4,056,068   $       2,393    $   5,022,298   $   5,297,054
         Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                        815             648
                                                                                                                                                      5,021,483       5,296,406
         Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                   –           57,436
                                                                                                                                                  $   5,021,483   $ 5,353,842
         The change in the allowance for expected credit losses is as follows:
         Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                               $        648    $        778
         Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                                    (689)           (407)
         Expected credit losses                                                                                                                            856             277
         Balance, end of year                                                                                                                     $        815    $        648


         Total credit impaired loans as at December 31, 2022 were $2,159 (2021 – $2,822).

         Total interest income on loans was $138.8 million (2021 – $154.7 million). Total interest expense on obligations to securitization
         entities, related to securitized loans, was $102.8 million (2021 – $111.4 million). Losses realized on the sale of residential mortgages
         totalled $3.5 million (2021 – gains of $3.9 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking operations totalled negative
         $3.1 million (2021 – positive $1.4 million). These amounts were included in Wealth management revenue. Wealth management
         revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.




                                                                                                                                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C




                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 103
                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      C 87




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 87                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Note 7. Securitizations

                                The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) sponsored
                                National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through
                                Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions do not meet the requirements for
                                derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained
                                these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to
                                securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.

                                The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of the CMB
                                transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and receives investment
                                returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this swap, related to the obligation to
                                pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal, and the hedging swap used to manage exposure to
                                changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as derivatives with a fair value of $0.9 million at December 31, 2022 (2021 –
                                $4.5 million).

                                All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer under the
                                program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement which are recorded
                                at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts have no recourse to the
                                Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.

                                                                                                                                                              Obligations to
                                                                                                                                            Securitized       securitization
                                                                                                                                            mortgages               entities           Net

                                2022
                                Carrying value
                                 NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                               $    2,494,400     $     2,459,828      $   34,572
                                 Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                        2,143,241           2,150,610           (7,369)
                                 Total                                                                                                 $    4,637,641     $     4,610,438      $   27,203
                                Fair value                                                                                             $    4,532,493     $     4,544,609      $   (12,116)

                                2021
                                Carrying value
                                 NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                               $    2,653,682     $     2,651,293      $    2,389
                                 Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                        2,371,320           2,406,624          (35,304)
                                 Total                                                                                                 $    5,025,002     $     5,057,917      $   (32,915)
                                Fair value                                                                                             $    5,083,991     $     5,146,420      $   (62,429)


                                The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal payments received
                                on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs are amortized over the life of the
                                obligation on an effective interest rate basis.



                                Note 8. Other assets

                                                                                                                                                                       2022           2021




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Accrued benefit asset (Note 15)                                                                                           $         86,779     $         –
                                Deferred and prepaid expenses                                                                                                       56,412         52,225

 PART C
                                Other                                                                                                                               13,049          2,073
                                                                                                                                                          $       156,240      $   54,298


                                Total other assets of $33.1 million as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $29.6 million) are expected to be realized within one year.




                           104 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 88                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 88                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Note 9. Investment in associates

                                                                                                         Lifeco       ChinaAMC        Northleaf          Other            Total

         2022
         Balance, beginning of year                                                           $   1,020,700       $   768,724    $   258,831        $        –   $   2,048,255
         Additions                                                                                           –              –                   –       40,430         40,430
         Dividends                                                                                   (73,181)         (31,319)                  –            –       (104,500)
         Proportionate share of:
          Earnings                                                                                  128,227            57,231          25,668 (1)        (364)        210,762
          Other comprehensive income (loss) and other adjustments                                        (521)         (7,465)                  –            –          (7,986)
         Balance, end of year                                                                 $   1,075,225       $   787,171    $   284,499        $   40,066   $   2,186,961

         2021
         Balance, beginning of year                                                           $     962,388       $   720,282    $   248,498        $        –   $   1,931,168
         Additions                                                                                           –              –             643                –            643
         Dividends                                                                                   (67,356)         (26,877)                  –            –         (94,233)
         Proportionate share of:
          Earnings                                                                                   125,103           61,574           9,690 (1)            –        196,367
          Other comprehensive income (loss) and other adjustments                                         565          13,745                   –            –         14,310
         Balance, end of year                                                                 $   1,020,700       $   768,724    $   258,831        $        –   $ 2,048,255

         (1) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of Non-controlling interest, was $20,534 in 2022 (2021 – $7,752).


         The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco),
         China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC) and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence.

         On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC from Power Corporation of Canada (Power)
         and sold a portion of its investment in Lifeco to Power (Note 29).


         Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco)
         Lifeco is a publicly listed company that is incorporated and domiciled in Canada and is controlled by Power Corporation of Canada.
         Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, investment
         management and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States, Europe and Asia.

         At December 31, 2022, the Company held 37,337,133 (2021 – 37,337,133) shares of Lifeco, which represented an equity interest
         of 4.0% (2021 – 4.0%). Significant influence arises from several factors, including but not limited to the following: common control
         of Lifeco by Power Corporation of Canada, directors common to the boards of the Company and Lifeco, certain shared strategic
         alliances and significant intercompany transactions that influence the financial and operating policies of both companies. The
         Company’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s earnings is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

         The fair value of the Company’s investment in Lifeco totalled $1,168.3 million at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $1,415.5 million). The
         Company has elected to apply the exemption in IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts to retain Lifeco’s relevant accounting policies related
         to Lifeco’s deferral of the adoption of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments.

         Lifeco directly owned 9,200,000 shares of the Company at December 31, 2022 (2021 – 9,200,000).

         Lifeco’s financial information as at December 31, 2022 can be obtained in its publicly available information.




                                                                                                                                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART C




                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 105
                                                        P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C 89




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 89                                                                                                                                      2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC)
                                ChinaAMC is an asset management company established in Beijing, China and is controlled by CITIC Securities Company Limited.

                                As at December 31, 2022, the Company held a 13.9% ownership interest in ChinaAMC (2021 – 13.9%). Significant influence arises
                                from board representation, participating in the policy making process, shared strategic initiatives including joint product launches
                                and collaboration between management and investment teams.

                                The following table sets forth certain summary financial information from ChinaAMC:

                                                                                                                                                 2022                         2021
                                                                                                                  Canadian                Chinese           Canadian        Chinese
                                (millions)                                                                          Dollars                  Yuan             Dollars          Yuan

                                As at December 31
                                Total assets                                                                          3,461               17,650              3,241         16,295
                                Total liabilities                                                                     1,032                 5,261               996          5,007

                                For the year ended December 31
                                Revenue                                                                               1,446                 7,475             1,560          8,015
                                Net earnings available to common shareholders                                           418                 2,163               449          2,312
                                Total comprehensive income                                                              434                 2,248               444          2,287



                                Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf)
                                The Company, through an acquisition vehicle held by the Company’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, holds a 49.9% voting interest and a 70%
                                economic interest in Northleaf. The acquisition vehicle is owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20% by Lifeco. Northleaf is a global private
                                equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.

                                Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase the remaining economic and voting interest in Northleaf commencing
                                in approximately five years from the acquisition date and extending into future periods. The equity method is used to account
                                for the acquisition vehicle’s 70% economic interest as it exercises significant influence. Significant influence arises from board
                                representation, participation in the policy making process and shared strategic initiatives.

                                The Company controls the acquisition vehicle and therefore recognizes the full 70% economic interest in Northleaf and recognizes
                                Non-controlling interest (NCI) related to Lifeco’s net interest in Northleaf of 14%.

                                The following table sets forth certain summary financial information from Northleaf:

                                (millions)                                                                                                                      2022          2021

                                As at December 31
                                Total assets                                                                                                            $     160.3     $    119.6
                                Total liabilities                                                                                                             113.2          106.0

                                For the year ended December 31
                                Revenue                                                                                                                 $     137.0     $     99.8
                                Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                  40.7           17.9
                                Total comprehensive income                                                                                                     40.7           17.9




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 PART C




                           106 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 90                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 90                                                                                                                                 2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Note 10. Capital assets

                                                                                                       Furniture and       Building and           Right-of-use
                                                                                                         equipment         components                   assets               Total

         2022
         Cost                                                                                      $      353,374      $       69,592         $     280,946          $   703,912
         Less: accumulated amortization                                                                  (252,558)            (19,915)             (105,151)             (377,624)
                                                                                                   $      100,816      $       49,677         $     175,795          $   326,288
         Changes in capital assets:
          Balance, beginning of year                                                               $        81,423     $       51,105         $     183,436          $   315,964
          Additions                                                                                         37,325                243                20,416                57,984
          Disposals                                                                                         (1,163)                  –                       –             (1,163)
          Amortization                                                                                     (16,769)            (1,671)              (28,057)              (46,497)
         Balance, end of year                                                                      $      100,816      $       49,677         $     175,795          $   326,288

         2021
         Cost                                                                                      $      336,025      $       69,349         $     260,530          $   665,904
         Less: accumulated amortization                                                                  (254,602)            (18,244)               (77,094)            (349,940)
                                                                                                   $        81,423     $       51,105         $     183,436          $   315,964
         Changes in capital assets:
          Balance, beginning of year                                                               $        99,036     $       51,411         $     179,243          $   329,690
          Additions                                                                                          9,296              1,339                32,658               43,293
          Disposals                                                                                          (9,166)                 –                       –             (9,166)
          Amortization                                                                                      (17,743)           (1,645)              (28,465)              (47,853)
         Balance, end of year                                                                      $        81,423     $       51,105         $     183,436          $   315,964




         Note 11. Capitalized sales commissions

                                                                                                                                                       2022                  2021

         Cost                                                                                                                             $       585,363        $        461,149
         Less: accumulated amortization                                                                                                           (213,190)              (135,725)
                                                                                                                                          $       372,173        $       325,424
         Changes in capitalized sales commissions
          Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                      $       325,424        $       231,085
          Changes due to:
             Sales of investment funds                                                                                                            124,336                 151,022
             Amortization                                                                                                                          (77,587)               (56,683)
                                                                                                                                                    46,749                94,339
         Balance, end of year                                                                                                             $       372,173        $       325,424




                                                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C




                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 107
                                                  P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             C 91




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 91                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Note 12. Goodwill and intangible assets

                                                                                                       Finite life                                   Indefinite life
                                                                                                    Distribution              Investment
                                                                                                      and other                     fund                                         Total
                                                                                                   management                management                                     intangible
                                                                                    Software          contracts                 contracts            Trade names                assets           Goodwill

                                2022
                                Cost                                           $   365,318     $      289,286            $      740,559          $      285,177        $   1,680,340     $    2,802,173
                                Less: accumulated amortization                     (203,479)         (113,219)                           –                       –         (316,698)                     –
                                                                               $   161,839     $      176,067            $      740,559          $      285,177        $   1,363,642     $    2,802,173
                                Changes in goodwill and intangible assets:
                                 Balance, beginning of year                    $   160,336     $      170,632            $      740,559          $      285,177        $   1,356,704     $    2,802,066
                                 Additions                                           40,264            20,082                            –                       –           60,346                   107
                                 Disposals                                               (2)               (223)                         –                       –              (225)                    –
                                 Amortization                                       (38,759)          (14,424)                           –                       –           (53,183)                    –
                                Balance, end of year                           $   161,839     $      176,067            $      740,559          $      285,177        $   1,363,642     $    2,802,173

                                2021
                                Cost                                           $    325,123    $      270,327            $      740,559          $       285,177       $   1,621,186     $ 2,802,066
                                Less: accumulated amortization                     (164,787)           (99,695)                          –                       –         (264,482)                     –
                                                                               $   160,336     $      170,632            $      740,559          $       285,177       $   1,356,704     $ 2,802,066
                                Changes in goodwill and intangible assets:
                                 Balance, beginning of year                    $    155,923    $      139,931            $      740,559          $       285,177       $   1,321,590     $    2,803,075
                                 Additions                                          38,865             44,072                            –                       –           82,937                (1,009)
                                 Disposals                                              (19)               (867)                         –                       –              (886)                    –
                                 Amortization                                       (34,433)           (12,504)                          –                       –           (46,937)                    –
                                Balance, end of year                           $   160,336     $      170,632            $      740,559          $       285,177       $   1,356,704     $ 2,802,066


                                The goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets consisting of investment fund management contracts and trade names are allocated
                                to each cash generating unit (CGU) as summarized in the following table:

                                                                                                                                                            2022                                      2021
                                                                                                                                                 Indefinite life                             Indefinite life
                                                                                                                                                    intangible                                  intangible
                                                                                                                               Goodwill                 assets               Goodwill               assets

                                Wealth Management                                                                    $       1,491,687       $          23,055         $   1,491,687     $        23,055
                                Asset Management                                                                             1,310,486               1,002,681             1,310,379          1,002,681
                                Total                                                                                $       2,802,173       $       1,025,736         $ 2,802,066       $    1,025,736


                                The Company tests whether goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are impaired by assessing the carrying amounts with the
                                recoverable amounts. The recoverable amount of the Company’s CGUs is based on the best available evidence of fair value less costs
                                of disposal.

                                In assessing the recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are used that may include discounted cash flow analysis and application
                                of capitalization multiples to financial and operating metrics based upon precedent acquisition transactions and trading comparables.
                                Assumptions and estimates employed in discounted cash flows include future changes in assets under management resulting from
                                net sales and investment returns, pricing and profit margin changes and discount rates, which represent level 3 fair value inputs.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or other conventionally used measures for investment managers or other financial

 PART C
                                service providers (multiples of value to assets under management, revenues, or other measures of profitability). This assessment
                                may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations, including expected growth, risk and capital market conditions, among other
                                factors. The valuation multiples used in assessing fair value represent Level 2 fair value inputs.

                                The fair value less costs of disposal of the Company’s CGUs was compared with the carrying amount and it was determined there was
                                no impairment. Changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amounts of CGUs can result in significant
                                adjustments to the valuation of the CGUs.




                           108 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 92                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 92                                                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Note 13. Deposits and certificates

         Deposits and certificates are classified as other financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.

         Included in the assets of the Consolidated Balance Sheets are cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit and loans
         amounting to $4,334.0 million (2021 – $2,220.3 million) related to deposits and certificates.

                                                                                                                               Term to maturity
                                                                                                                                                            2022             2021
                                                                           Demand             1 year or less       1–5 years        Over 5 years            Total            Total

         Deposits                                                  $   4,332,493          $               –    $          –     $             –    $   4,332,493    $   2,218,611
         Certificates                                                             –                    350             487                 667            1,504            1,663
                                                                   $   4,332,493          $            350     $       487      $          667     $   4,333,997    $   2,220,274




         Note 14. Other liabilities

                                                                                                                                                            2022             2021

         Dividends payable                                                                                                                         $    133,688     $    134,816
         Interest payable                                                                                                                                36,659           26,775
         Accrued benefit liabilities (Note 15)                                                                                                           81,367          125,732
         Provisions                                                                                                                                      18,356           26,674
         Other                                                                                                                                           85,507           68,469
                                                                                                                                                   $    355,577     $    382,466


         The Company establishes restructuring provisions related to business acquisitions, divestitures and other items, as well as other
         provisions in the normal course of its operations. Changes in provisions during 2022 consisted of additional estimates of $3.2 million
         (2021 – $7.3 million), provision reversals of $1.5 million (2021 – $4.0 million) and payments of $10.0 million (2021 – $54.1 million).

         Total other liabilities of $235.6 million as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $244.9 million) are expected to be settled within one year.



         Note 15. Employee benefits

         Defined benefit plans
         The Company maintains a number of employee pension and post-employment benefit plans. These plans include a funded
         registered defined benefit pension plan for all eligible employees, unfunded supplementary executive retirement plans (SERPs)
         for certain executive officers, and an unfunded post-employment health care, dental and life insurance plan for eligible retirees.

         Effective July 1, 2012, the defined benefit pension plan was closed to new members. For all eligible employees hired after July 1, 2012,
         the Company has a registered defined contribution pension plan.

         The defined benefit pension plan is a separate trust that is legally separated from the Company. The defined benefit pension plan is
         registered under the Pension Benefits Act of Manitoba (Act) and the Income Tax Act (ITA). As required by the Act, the defined benefit
         pension plan is governed by a pension committee which includes current and retired employees. The Pension Committee has certain
         responsibilities as described in the Act but may delegate certain activities to the Company. The ITA governs the employer’s ability to




                                                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         make contributions and also has parameters that the plan must meet with respect to investments in foreign property.

                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
         The defined benefit pension plan provides lifetime pension benefits to all eligible employees based on length of service and final
         average earnings subject to limits established by the ITA. Death benefits are available on the death of an active member or a
         retired member.

         Employees who are not senior officers are required to make annual contributions based on a percentage of salaries which are
         subject to a maximum amount.




                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 109
                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          C 93




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 93                                                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                The actuarial valuation for funding purposes related to the Company’s registered defined benefit pension plan, based on a
                                measurement date of December 31, 2021, was completed. The valuation determines the plan surplus or deficit on both a solvency
                                and going concern basis. The solvency basis determines the relationship between the plan assets and its liabilities assuming that
                                the plan is wound up and settled on the valuation date. A going concern valuation compares the relationship between the plan
                                assets and the present value of the expected future benefit cash flows, assuming the plan will be maintained indefinitely. Based
                                on the actuarial valuation, the registered pension plan had a solvency surplus of $14.4 million compared to a solvency deficit of
                                $61.3 million in the previous actuarial valuation, which was based on a measurement date of December 31, 2021. The improvement
                                in the funded status resulted largely from interest rate increases, as well as the return on plan assets. The registered pension plan
                                had a going concern surplus of $95.0 million compared to $79.2 million in the previous valuation. The next actuarial valuation will be
                                based on a measurement date of December 31, 2022. During the year, the Company has made contributions of $11.4 million (2021 –
                                $13.6 million). The Company expects annual contributions of approximately $2.0 million in 2023. Pension contribution decisions are
                                subject to change, as contributions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements, changes
                                in assumptions and management’s ability to change funding policy.

                                The SERPs are non-registered, non-contributory defined benefit plans which provide supplementary benefits to certain
                                retired executives.

                                The other post-employment benefit plan is a non-contributory plan and provides eligible employees a reimbursement of medical
                                costs or a fixed amount per year to cover medical costs during retirement.

                                The SERPs and other post-employment benefit plans are managed by the Company with oversight from the Board of Directors.

                                The defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks such as mortality risk which represents life expectancy and impacts
                                the calculation of the obligations; interest rate risk which impacts the discount rate used to calculate the obligations and the actual
                                return on plan assets; salary risk as estimated salary increases are used in the calculation of the obligations; and investment risk as
                                the nature of the investments impact the actual return on the plan assets. The risks are managed by regular monitoring of the plans,
                                applicable regulations and other factors that could impact the Company’s expenses and cash flows.

                                Plan assets, benefit obligations and funded status:

                                                                                                                                 2022                                                     2021
                                                                                        Defined                           Other post-              Defined                          Other post-
                                                                                         benefit                         employment                 benefit                        employment
                                                                                    pension plan           SERPs             benefits          pension plan           SERPs            benefits

                                Fair value of plan assets
                                 Balance, beginning of year                     $      566,727     $            –    $              –      $         516,945    $         –    $             –
                                 Employee contributions                                  1,810                  –                   –                  1,964              –                  –
                                 Employer contributions                                 11,438                  –                   –                 13,598              –                  –
                                 Benefits paid                                         (30,590)                 –                   –                (27,748)             –                  –
                                 Interest income                                        18,613                  –                   –                 13,774              –                  –
                                 Additions                                                 998                  –                   –                      –              –                  –
                                 Remeasurements:
                                    Return on plan assets                              (58,266)                 –                   –                 48,194              –                  –
                                 Balance, end of year                                  510,730                  –                   –                566,727              –                  –
                                Accrued benefit obligation
                                 Balance, beginning of year                            588,351           71,557              32,551                  650,064        74,825             42,135
                                 Benefits paid                                         (30,590)          (5,808)              (3,722)                (27,748)        (3,853)           (2,671)
                                 Current service cost                                   21,027            1,971                  344                  25,707          2,107               679
                                 Employee contributions                                  1,810                  –                   –                  1,964              –                  –




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 Interest expense                                       19,094            2,069                  931                  17,177         1,668                960
                                 Additions                                                 998                  –                   –                      –              –                  –

 PART C
                                 Remeasurements:
                                    Actuarial losses (gains)
                                     Experience adjustments                              (2,506)         (1,048)                 708                  (3,348)         1,861            (6,402)
                                     Financial assumptions                            (174,233)         (12,657)              (5,529)                (75,465)        (5,051)           (2,150)
                                 Balance, end of year                                  423,951           56,084              25,283                  588,351        71,557             32,551
                                Accrued benefit asset (liability)               $       86,779     $    (56,084)     $      (25,283)       $         (21,624)   $   (71,557)   $      (32,551)




                           110 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 94                                                                  P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 94                                                                                                                                             2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Significant actuarial assumptions used to calculate the defined benefit obligation:

                                                                                                                              2022                                                            2021
                                                                               Defined                                Other post-                                                       Other post-
                                                                                benefit                              employment            Defined benefit                             employment
                                                                           pension plan                  SERPs           benefits            pension plan               SERPs              benefits

         Discount rate                                                           5.25%       5.25%-5.30%                   5.25%                    3.30%     2.65%-3.10%                   3.00%
         Rate of compensation increase                                           3.75%                   3.75%                N/A                   3.75%              3.75%                   N/A
         Health care cost trend rate(1)                                             N/A                    N/A             5.40%                       N/A                N/A               5.50%
         Mortality rates at age 65 for current pensioners                   23.1 years          23.1 years            23.1 years                23.1 years        23.1 years            23.1 years

         (1) Trending to 4.00% in 2040 and remaining at that rate thereafter.


         The weighted average duration of the pension plan’s defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period is 15.7 years
         (2021 – 20.7 years).

         Benefit expense:

                                                                                                                             2022                                                             2021
                                                                               Defined                                Other post-                  Defined                              Other post-
                                                                                benefit                              employment                     benefit                            employment
                                                                           pension plan                  SERPs           benefits              pension plan             SERPs              benefits

         Current service cost                                          $        21,027      $            1,971   $            344          $       25,707     $        2,107       $          679
         Net interest cost                                                         481                   2,069                931                   3,403              1,668                  960
                                                                       $        21,508      $            4,040   $         1,275           $        29,110    $        3,775       $        1,639


         Sensitivity analysis:

         The calculation of the accrued benefit liability and the related benefit expense are sensitive to the significant actuarial assumptions.
         The following table presents the sensitivity analysis:

                                                                                                                                                     2022                                     2021
                                                                                                                          Increase                Increase           Increase              Increase
                                                                                                                       (decrease)               (decrease)         (decrease)            (decrease)
                                                                                                                        in liability           in expense           in liability        in expense

         Defined benefit pension plan
          Discount rate (+ / - 0.25%)
             Increase                                                                                            $      (16,828)       $          (1,866)     $     (28,634)       $       (2,391)
             Decrease                                                                                                     17,877                   1,886             30,242                 2,389
          Rate of compensation (+ / - 0.25%)
             Increase                                                                                                      4,755                     585               7,805                  838
             Decrease                                                                                                     (4,718)                   (581)             (7,674)                (822)
          Mortality
             Increase 1 year                                                                                               6,334                     477              11,214                  721
         SERPs
          Discount rate (+ / - 0.25%)
             Increase                                                                                                     (1,138)                     44              (1,683)                  82
             Decrease                                                                                                      1,181                     (47)              1,755                   (87)
          Rate of compensation (+ / - 0.25%)
             Increase                                                                                                          46                     14                   30                  12
             Decrease                                                                                                         (41)                   (12)                 (26)                 (13)




                                                                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
          Mortality
             Increase 1 year                                                                                                  923                     51               1,415                   48

                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART C
         Other post-employment benefits
          Discount rate (+ / - 0.25%)
             Increase                                                                                                        (501)                    27                (763)                  42
             Decrease                                                                                                         521                    (28)                797                   (44)
          Health care cost trend rates (+ / - 1.00%)
             Increase                                                                                                         498                     27                 659                   20
             Decrease                                                                                                        (441)                   (23)                (574)                 (17)
          Mortality
             Increase 1 year                                                                                                  571                     33                 807                   30



                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 111
                                                        P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                      C 95




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 95                                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                The sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is
                                unlikely to occur as changes in certain assumptions may be correlated.

                                Asset allocation of defined benefit pension plan by asset category:

                                                                                                                                                      2022           2021

                                Equity securities                                                                                                     58.4 %         61.5 %
                                Fixed income securities                                                                                               28.7           30.2
                                Alternative strategies                                                                                                11.1            7.3
                                Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              1.8            1.0
                                                                                                                                                     100.0 %        100.0 %


                                The defined benefit pension plan adheres to its Statement of Investment Policies and Procedures which includes investment
                                objectives, asset allocation guidelines and investment limits by asset class. The defined benefit pension plan assets are invested
                                in investment funds with the exception of cash on deposit with Schedule I Canadian chartered banks.


                                Defined contribution pension plans
                                The Company maintains a number of defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees. The total expense recorded
                                in Advisory and business development and Operations and support expenses was $8.7 million (2021 – $6.9 million).


                                Group Retirement Savings Plan (RSP)
                                The Company maintains a group RSP for eligible employees. The Company’s contributions are recorded in Advisory and business
                                development and Operations and support expenses as paid and totalled $9.5 million (2021 – $8.6 million).



                                Note 16. Income taxes

                                Income tax expense:

                                                                                                                                                         2022           2021

                                Income taxes recognized in net earnings
                                Current taxes
                                 Tax on current year’s earnings                                                                                  $   233,550    $   230,651
                                 Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                 1,537           (676)
                                                                                                                                                     235,087        229,975
                                Deferred taxes                                                                                                        15,278         56,788
                                                                                                                                                 $   250,365    $   286,763


                                Effective income tax rate:

                                                                                                                                                      2022           2021

                                Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial statutory rates                                                      26.62 %        26.63 %
                                 Effect of:
                                    Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 9)                                                             (4.50)         (3.65)
                                    Other items                                                                                                       0.18          (0.36)




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Effective income tax rate                                                                                            22.30 %        22.62 %


 PART C




                           112 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 96                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 96                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Deferred income taxes
         Composition and changes in net deferred taxes are as follows:
                                                         Accrued                                Capitalized
                                                          benefit         Loss carry-                 sales       Intangible             Other
                                                        liabilities         forwards          commissions             assets       investments            Other            Total

         2022
         Balance, beginning of year             $       33,886        $       6,459       $      (86,616)     $   (289,835)    $    (142,751)     $     (17,350)   $   (496,207)
          Recognized in statements of:
             Earnings                                     1,569                  (46)            (12,260)             (654)              619             (4,506)        (15,278)
             Comprehensive income                      (36,950)                     –                    –                –           95,552             2,541          61,143
             Equity                                             –                   –                    –                –              485                  –            485
          Foreign exchange rate
          charges and other                                     –                274                     –                –                   –              (3)           271
         Balance, end of year                   $        (1,495)      $       6,687       $      (98,876)     $   (290,489)    $     (46,095)     $     (19,318)   $   (449,586)

         2021
         Balance, beginning of year             $       67,467        $      27,604       $       (61,579)    $   (288,229)    $      (45,961)    $      (2,757)   $   (303,455)
          Recognized in statements of:
             Earnings                                     3,885              (21,145)            (25,037)           (1,605)            (1,371)          (11,515)        (56,788)
             Comprehensive income                      (37,466)                     –                    –                –           (97,653)           (4,284)       (139,403)
             Equity                                             –                   –                    –                –            3,438                  –           3,438
          Foreign exchange rate
          charges and other                                     –                   –                    –               (1)           (1,204)            1,206               1
         Balance, end of year                   $       33,886        $       6,459       $       (86,616)    $   (289,835)    $     (142,751)    $     (17,350)   $   (496,207)


         Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows:

                                                                                                                                                           2022            2021

         Deferred income tax assets                                                                                                               $      1,419     $    29,269
         Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                                                              (451,005)        (525,476)
                                                                                                                                                  $   (449,586)    $   (496,207)




         Note 17. Long-term debt

         Maturity                                                                                                                    Rate                  2022            2021

         January 26, 2027                                                                                                            3.44 %       $    400,000     $   400,000
         December 13, 2027                                                                                                           6.65 %            125,000         125,000
         May 9, 2031                                                                                                                 7.45 %            150,000         150,000
         December 31, 2032                                                                                                           7.00 %            175,000         175,000
         March 7, 2033                                                                                                               7.11 %            150,000         150,000
         December 10, 2040                                                                                                           6.00 %            200,000         200,000
         January 25, 2047                                                                                                            4.56 %            200,000         200,000
         December 9, 2047                                                                                                           4.115 %            250,000         250,000
         July 13, 2048                                                                                                              4.174 %            200,000         200,000




                                                                                                                                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         March 21, 2050                                                                                                            4.206 %             250,000         250,000
                                                                                                                                                  $   2,100,000    $ 2,100,000

                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C
         Long-term debt consists of unsecured debentures which are redeemable by the Company, in whole or in part, at any time, at the
         greater of par and a formula price based upon yields at the time of redemption.

         Long-term debt is classified as other financial liabilities and is recorded at amortized cost.

         Interest expense relating to long-term debt was $106.6 million (2021 – $106.6 million).




                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 113
                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        C 97




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 97                                                                                                                                       2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Note 18. Share capital

                                Authorized
                                  Unlimited number of:
                                    First preferred shares, issuable in series
                                    Second preferred shares, issuable in series
                                    Class 1 non-voting shares
                                    Common shares, no par value


                                Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                                                2022                             2021
                                                                                                                      Shares          Stated value           Shares       Stated value

                                Common shares:
                                 Balance, beginning of year                                                   239,679,043        $     1,658,680       238,308,284    $   1,598,381
                                 Issued under Stock Option Plan (Note 20)                                          879,019                 34,429        1,370,759           60,299
                                 Purchased for cancellation                                                     (2,890,000)               (20,310)               –                  –
                                 Balance, end of year                                                         237,668,062        $     1,672,799       239,679,043    $   1,658,680



                                Normal course issuer bid
                                The Company commenced a normal course issuer bid on March 1, 2022 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2023 and
                                the date on which the Company has purchased the maximum number of common shares permitted under the normal course issuer
                                bid. Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 6.0 million or approximately 2.5% of its common shares outstanding as
                                at February 15, 2022.

                                In 2022, there were 2,890,000 shares (2021 – nil) purchased at a cost of $115.7 million. The premium paid to purchase the shares
                                in excess of the stated value was charged to Retained earnings.

                                In connection with its normal course issuer bid, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common
                                shares. The automatic securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how the Company’s common shares
                                are to be purchased under its normal course issuer bid during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods. Outside of these
                                pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Company’s normal course issuer bid will be completed based upon
                                management’s discretion.



                                Note 19. Capital management

                                The Company’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that the Company is capitalized
                                in a manner which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. The
                                Company’s capital management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital
                                base and a strong balance sheet. Capital of the Company consists of long-term debt and common shareholders’ equity. The Company
                                regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic conditions.

                                The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
                                investments made by the Company, business expansion and other strategic objectives. Subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund


 PART C
                                managers and a trust company. These subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working
                                capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

                                The total outstanding long-term debt was $2,100.0 million at December 31, 2022, unchanged from December 31, 2021. Long-term
                                debt is comprised of debentures which are senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company subject to standard covenants,
                                including negative pledges, but which do not include any specified financial or operational covenants.

                                The Company purchased 2,890,000 common shares during the year ended December 31, 2022, at a cost of $115.7 million under its
                                normal course issuer bid (Note 18). Other activities in 2022 included the declaration of common share dividends of $536.1 million or
                                $2.25 per share. Changes in common share capital are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity.


                           114 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 98                                                             P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 98                                                                                                                                    2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         Note 20. Share-based payments

         Stock option plan
         Under the terms of the Company’s Stock Option Plan (Plan), options to purchase common shares are periodically granted to
         employees at prices not less than the weighted average trading price per common share on the Toronto Stock Exchange for the
         five trading days preceding the date of the grant. The options are subject to time vesting conditions set out at the grant date.
         Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and are exercisable no later than 10 years after the grant date.
         At December 31, 2022, 18,151,379 (2021 – 19,030,398) common shares were reserved for issuance under the Plan.

         During 2022, the Company granted 1,546,295 options to employees (2021 – 1,648,345). The weighted-average fair value of options
         granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 has been estimated at $4.91 per option (2021 – $2.73) using the Black-Scholes
         option pricing model. The weighted-average closing share price at the grant dates was $44.02 (2021 – $35.19). Other assumptions
         used in these valuation models include:

                                                                                                                                                  2022               2021

         Exercise price                                                                                                                   $     44.59       $       35.29
         Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                  2.04%              1.29%
         Expected option life                                                                                                                  7 years            7 years
         Expected volatility                                                                                                                    23.00%              23.00%
         Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                  5.12%              6.41%


         Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years which is
         reflective of the expected option life. The average share price in 2022 was $39.50 (2021 – $43.18).

         The Company recorded compensation expense related to its stock option program of $4.9 million (2021 – $3.8 million).

                                                                                                                                 2022                                    2021
                                                                                                                           Weighted-                               Weighted-
                                                                                                      Number of               average          Number of              average
                                                                                                        options         exercise price           options        exercise price

         Balance, beginning of year                                                                  11,712,164     $          39.36          11,930,224    $         40.37
         Granted                                                                                      1,546,295                44.59          1,648,345               35.29
         Exercised                                                                                     (879,019)               37.03          (1,370,759)             40.78
         Forfeited                                                                                     (654,098)               43.77           (495,646)              46.08
         Balance, end of year                                                                        11,725,342     $          39.98          11,712,164    $         39.36
         Exercisable, end of year                                                                     6,596,299     $          41.01           6,179,244    $          41.83

                                                                                                                               Exercise           Options           Options
         Options outstanding at December 31, 2022                                                     Expiry date               price $       outstanding        exercisable

                                                                                                           2023         44.73 – 47.26           792,305             792,305
                                                                                                           2024                 53.81           655,609             655,609
                                                                                                           2025         43.28 – 43.97           811,009             811,009
                                                                                                           2026         34.88 – 38.17           996,944             789,852
                                                                                                           2027         39.71 – 41.74          1,008,498            887,028
                                                                                                           2028         37.58 – 40.10          1,206,782            953,538
                                                                                                           2029         34.29 – 36.91          1,213,371            654,968
                                                                                                           2030         31.85 – 38.65          2,017,199            796,028
                                                                                                           2031         35.01 – 46.02          1,516,710            255,962




                                                                                                                                                                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                           2032         36.57 – 45.56          1,506,915                    –


                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART C
                                                                                                                                              11,725,342          6,596,299




                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 115
                                                    P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    C 99




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 99                                                                                                                                     2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Share unit plans
                                The Company has share unit plans for eligible employees to assist in retaining and further aligning the interests of senior
                                management with those of the shareholders. These plans include Performance Share Unit (PSU), Deferred Share Unit (DSU) and
                                Restricted Share Unit (RSU) plans. Under the terms of the plans, share units are awarded annually and are subject to time vesting
                                conditions. In addition, the PSU and DSU plans are subject to performance vesting conditions. The value of each share unit is based
                                on the share price of the Company’s common shares. The PSUs and RSUs are cash settled and vest over a three year period. Certain
                                employees can elect at the time of grant to receive a portion of their PSUs in the form of deferred share units which vest over a three
                                year period. Deferred share units are redeemable when a participant is no longer an employee of the Company or any of its affiliates
                                by a lump sum payment based on the value of the deferred share unit at that time. Additional share units are issued in respect of
                                dividends payable on common shares based on a value of the share unit at the dividend payment date. The Company recorded
                                compensation expense, excluding the impact of hedging, of $21.1 million in 2022 (2021 – $31.5 million) and a liability of $40.1 million
                                at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $45.8 million).


                                Share purchase plans
                                Under the Company’s share purchase plans, eligible employees can elect each year to have a percentage of their annual earnings
                                withheld, subject to a maximum, to purchase the Company’s common shares. The Company matches 50% of the contribution
                                amounts. All contributions are used by the plan trustee to purchase common shares in the open market. Shares purchased with
                                Company contributions vest after a maximum period of two years following the date of purchase. The Company’s contributions
                                are recorded in Advisory and business development and Operations and support expenses as paid and totalled $4.7 million (2021 –
                                $4.4 million).


                                Directors’ deferred share unit plan
                                The Company has a Deferred Share Unit (DSU) plan for the directors of the Company to promote a greater alignment of interests
                                between directors and shareholders of the Company. Under the terms of the plan, directors are required to receive 50% of their
                                annual board retainer in the form of DSUs and may elect to receive the balance of their annual board retainer in cash or DSUs.
                                Directors may elect to receive certain fees in a combination of DSUs and cash. The number of DSUs granted is determined by dividing
                                the amount of remuneration payable by the average closing price on the Toronto Stock Exchange of the common shares of the
                                Company on the last five days of the fiscal quarter (value of DSU). A director who has elected to receive DSUs will receive additional
                                DSUs in respect of dividends payable on common shares, based on the value of a DSU at the dividend payment date. DSUs are
                                redeemable when a participant is no longer a director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its affiliates by cash payments,
                                based on the value of the DSUs at that time. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the DSUs outstanding was $29.8 million (2021 –
                                $31.8 million). Any difference between the change in fair value of the DSUs and the change in fair value of the total return swap, which
                                is an economic hedge for the DSU plan, is recognized in Operations and support expense in the period in which the change occurs.



                                Note 21. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                                                   Investment
                                                                                                                          Employee                Other          in associates
                                                                                                                           benefits         investments              and other           Total

                                2022
                                Balance, beginning of year                                                          $      (95,666)     $         919,152    $       59,597      $   883,083
                                Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                         100,049             (585,515)             (10,819)         (496,285)




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                             –              (24,032)                  –         (24,032)



 PART C
                                Balance, end of year                                                                $        4,383      $         309,605    $       48,778      $   362,766

                                2021
                                Balance, beginning of year                                                          $     (196,949)     $     293,448        $       39,865      $   136,364
                                Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                          101,283                834,519            19,732          955,534
                                Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                             –          (208,815)                     –        (208,815)
                                Balance, end of year                                                                $      (95,666)     $         919,152    $       59,597      $   883,083


                                Amounts are recorded net of tax.



                           116 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 100                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 100                                                                                                                                           2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         In 2022, the Company recorded after-tax losses in Other Comprehensive Income of $585.5 million due to fair value changes in the
         Company’s investments, primarily related to a $561.8 million fair value adjustment on Wealthsimple.

         In 2021, the Company recorded after-tax gains in Other Comprehensive Income of $834.5 million due to fair value changes in the
         Company’s investments, primarily related to a $776.3 million fair value adjustment in the first quarter related to Wealthsimple.



         Note 22. Risk management

         The Company actively manages its liquidity, credit and market risks.


         Liquidity and funding risk related to financial instruments
         Liquidity and funding risk is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain sufficient cash in a timely and cost-effective manner
         to meet contractual or anticipated commitments as they come due or arise.

         The Company’s liquidity management practices include:
         • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near term liquidity needs.
         • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
         • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
         • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and the Company’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
         • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
         • Oversight of liquidity management by the Financial Risk Management Committee, a committee of finance and other
           business leaders.

         A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial products
         and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.

         The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and temporarily hold mortgages pending sale or securitization to long-term
         funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking operations, residential
         mortgages are sold to third parties including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through private placements, Canadian
         bank-sponsored securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act Mortgage Backed Securities (NHA MBS)
         securities including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the Canada Mortgage Bond Program (CMB Program).

         Certain subsidiaries of the Company are approved issuers of NHA MBS and are approved sellers into the CMB Program. Capacity
         for sales under the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held in
         the Principal Reinvestment Accounts.

         The Company maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts.

         The Company’s contractual maturities of certain financial liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                                                    Less than
         As at December 31, 2022 ($ millions)                                                         Demand           1 year        1-5 years       Over 5 years                Total

         Derivative financial instruments                                                      $           –    $       21.3    $        30.3    $             –    $            51.6
         Deposits and Certificates(1)                                                                 4,332.5            0.3              0.5                0.7           4,334.0
         Obligations to securitization entities                                                            –          947.8          3,651.3               11.3            4,610.4
         Leases(2)                                                                                         –            31.5             95.5             118.8              245.8




                                                                                                                                                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         Long-term debt                                                                                    –               –           525.0            1,575.0            2,100.0
         Pension funding (3)                                                                               –             2.0                –                  –                  2.0

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C
         Total contractual maturities                                                          $      4,332.5   $   1,002.9     $    4,302.6     $      1,705.8     $    11,343.8

         (1) Deposits and certificates due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
         (2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.
         (3) Pension funding requirements beyond 2023 are subject to significant variability and will be determined based on future actuarial valuations. Pension contribution
             decisions are subject to change, as contributions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements, changes in assumptions and
             management’s ability to change funding policy.




                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 117
                                                         P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     C 101




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 101                                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                In addition to the Company’s current balance of cash and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through the Company’s lines of
                                credit. The Company’s lines of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled $825 million at December 31, 2022,
                                unchanged from December 31, 2021. The lines of credit at December 31, 2022 consisted of committed lines of $650 million and
                                uncommitted lines of $175 million, unchanged from December 31, 2021. Any advances made by a bank under the uncommitted
                                lines of credit are at the bank’s sole discretion. As at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was not utilizing
                                its committed lines of credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.

                                The Company’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2021.


                                Credit risk related to financial instruments
                                This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a counterparty to a transaction fails to meet its obligations. The Company’s cash
                                and cash equivalents, other investment holdings, mortgage portfolios, and derivatives are subject to credit risk. The Company
                                monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.

                                At December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents of $1,072.9 million (2021 – $1,292.4 million) consisted of cash balances of
                                $346.3 million (2021 – $326.2 million) on deposit with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of $726.6 million (2021 –
                                $966.2 million). Cash equivalents are comprised of Government of Canada treasury bills totalling $81.6 million (2021 – $358.7 million),
                                provincial government treasury bills and promissory notes of $306.8 million (2021 – $350.6 million), bankers’ acceptances of
                                $293.2 million (2021 – $198.3 million) and other corporate commercial paper of $45.0 million (2021 – $58.6 million).

                                Client funds on deposit of $4,347.4 million (2021 – $2,238.6 million) represent cash balances held in client accounts deposited
                                at Canadian financial institutions.

                                The Company manages credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents by adhering to its Investment Policy that outlines credit risk
                                parameters and concentration limits. The Company regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties. The maximum exposure
                                to credit risk on these financial instruments is their carrying value.

                                As at December 31, 2022, residential mortgages, recorded on the Company’s balance sheet, of $5.0 billion (2021 – $5.4 billion)
                                consisted of $4.6 billion sold to securitization programs (2021 – $5.0 billion), $371.9 million held pending sale or securitization (2021 –
                                $315.8 million) and $12.7 million related to the Company’s intermediary operations (2021 – $13.7 million).

                                The Company manages credit risk related to residential mortgages through:
                                • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;
                                • Its loan servicing capabilities;
                                • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by the Company; and
                                • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through its own network of Mortgage Planning Specialists and IG Wealth
                                  Management advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan™.

                                In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms and nature of securitization transactions as described below:
                                • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.5 billion (2021 – $2.6 billion), the Company is obligated to make timely payment of
                                  principal and coupons irrespective of whether such payments were received from the mortgage borrower. However, as required
                                  by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans are insured by an approved insurer.
                                • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.1 billion (2021 – $2.4 billion)
                                  is limited to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future net interest income, the fair values of which were $55.2 million
                                  (2021 – $67.6 million) and $21.3 million (2021 – $34.1 million), respectively, at December 31, 2022. Cash reserve accounts are
                                  reflected on the balance sheet, whereas rights to future net interest income are not reflected on the balance sheet and will be




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  recorded over the life of the mortgages.


 PART C
                                At December 31, 2022, residential mortgages recorded on balance sheet were 53.3% insured (2021 – 53.1%). As at December
                                31, 2022, impaired mortgages on these portfolios were $2.2 million, compared to $2.8 million at December 31, 2021. Uninsured
                                non-performing mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios were $1.7 million at December 31, 2022, compared to $1.5 million
                                at December 31, 2021.




                           118 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 102                                                                P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 102                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short-Term
         Income Fund through an agreement to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds. These loans are not
         recorded on the Company’s balance sheet as the Company has transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership
         associated with these loans.

         The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected credit losses.

         The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was $0.8 million at December 31, 2022, compared to $0.6 million at
         December 31, 2021, and is considered adequate by management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios
         based on: i) historical credit performance experience, ii) recent trends including increasing interest rates, iii) current portfolio
         credit metrics and other relevant characteristics, iv) our strong financial planning relationship with our clients, and v) stress testing
         of losses under adverse real estate market conditions.

         The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities and
         mortgage portfolios have not changed materially since December 31, 2021.

         The Company is exposed to credit risk through derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate securitization
         transactions and to hedge market risk related to certain stock-based compensation arrangements. These derivatives are discussed
         more fully under the Market risk section.

         To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk that its counterparties
         fail to fulfil their obligations under these arrangements.

         The Company’s derivative activities are managed in accordance with its Investment Policy which includes counterparty limits and
         other parameters to manage counterparty risk. The aggregate credit risk exposure related to derivatives that are in a gain position of
         $71.2 million (2021 – $39.5 million) does not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral arrangements. The exposure to credit
         risk, considering netting agreements and collateral arrangements and including rights to future net interest income, was $10.5 million
         at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $0.7 million). Counterparties are all Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result, management
         has determined that the Company’s overall credit risk related to derivatives was not significant at December 31, 2022. Management of
         credit risk related to derivatives has not changed materially since December 31, 2021.


         Market risk related to financial instruments
         This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values of the Company’s financial instruments due to changes in interest rates,
         equity prices or foreign exchange rates.

         Interest rate risk

         The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on its loan portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments used
         in the Company’s mortgage banking operations.

         The Company manages interest rate risk associated with its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate swaps
         with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:
         • The Company has in certain instances funded floating rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds as part of the
           securitization transactions under the CMB Program. As previously discussed, as part of the CMB Program, the Company is party
            to a swap whereby it is entitled to receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated to pay Canada
            Mortgage Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value of $20.5 million (2021 – $1.0 million) and an outstanding notional amount
            of $0.2 billion at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $0.3 billion). The Company enters into interest rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I




                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
            chartered banks to hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on floating rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline.
            The fair value of these swaps totalled negative $19.6 million (2021 – $3.5 million), on an outstanding notional amount of $1.3 billion

                                                                                                                                                                               PART C
            at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $1.3 billion). The net fair value of these swaps of $0.9 million at December 31, 2022 (2021 –
            $4.5 million) is recorded on the balance sheet and has an outstanding notional amount of $1.5 billion (2021 – $1.6 billion).




                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 119
                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              C 103




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 103                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                • The Company is exposed to the impact that changes in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages committed to or held
                                  pending sale or securitization to long-term funding sources. The Company enters into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest
                                  rate risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by the Company pending sale or securitization. Hedge accounting is applied
                                  to the cost of funds on certain securitization activities. The effective portion of fair value changes of the associated interest rate
                                  swaps are initially recognized in Other comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management revenue over
                                  the term of the related Obligations to securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps was $4.7 million (2021 – $0.6 million) on
                                  an outstanding notional amount of $191.6 million at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $128.6 million).

                                As at December 31, 2022, the impact to annual net earnings of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been a
                                decrease of approximately $1.7 million (2021 – decrease of $3.0 million). The Company’s exposure to and management of interest
                                rate risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2021.

                                Equity price risk

                                The Company is exposed to equity price risk on its equity investments (Note 5) which are classified as either fair value through other
                                comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss, and on our investments in associates (Note 9), which are accounted for
                                using the equity method. The fair value of the equity investments was $0.8 billion at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $1.4 billion) and the
                                carrying value of the Investment in associates was $2.2 billion at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $2.0 billion).

                                The Company sponsors a number of deferred compensation arrangements for employees where payments to participants are
                                deferred and linked to the performance of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. The Company hedges its exposure to this risk
                                through the use of forward agreements and total return swaps.

                                Foreign exchange risk

                                The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC. Changes to the carrying value due to changes in
                                foreign exchange rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income. As at December 31, 2022, a 5% appreciation (depreciation)
                                in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of foreign investments
                                by approximately $37.2 million ($41.1 million).

                                The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share of associates’ earnings in the
                                Consolidated Statements of Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange rates. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
                                the impact to net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease
                                (increase) the Company’s proportionate share of associates’ earnings (losses) by approximately $2.7 million ($3.0 million).


                                Risks related to assets under management and advisement
                                Risks related to the performance of the equity markets, changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currencies relative to the
                                Canadian dollar can have a significant impact on the level and mix of assets under management and advisement. These changes
                                in assets under management and advisement directly impact earnings.



                                Note 23. Derivative financial instruments

                                The Company enters into derivative contracts which are either exchange-traded or negotiated in the over-the-counter market on a
                                diversified basis with Schedule I chartered banks or Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts that are counterparties to the
                                Company’s securitization transactions. In all cases, the derivative contracts are used for non-trading purposes. Interest rate swaps




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                are contractual agreements between two parties to exchange the related interest payments based on a specified notional amount
                                and reference rate for a specified period. Total return swaps are contractual agreements to exchange payments based on a specified

 PART C
                                notional amount and the underlying security for a specific period. Options are contractual agreements which convey the right, but
                                not the obligation, to buy or sell specific financial instruments at a fixed price at a future date. Forward contracts are contractual
                                agreements to buy or sell a financial instrument on a future date at a specified price.

                                Certain of the Company’s derivative financial instruments are subject to master netting arrangements and are presented on a
                                gross basis. The amount subject to credit risk is limited to the current fair value of the instruments which are in a gain position and




                           120 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 104                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 104                                                                                                                        2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         recorded as assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total estimated fair value represents the total amount that the Company
         would receive or pay to terminate all agreements at each year end. However, this would not result in a gain or loss to the Company
         as the derivative instruments which correlate to certain assets and liabilities provide offsetting gains or losses.

         The following table summarizes the Company’s derivative financial instruments:

                                                                                                             Notional amount                                       Fair value
                                                    1 year or less         1 – 5 years        Over 5 years             Total       Credit risk         Asset        Liability

         2022
         Swaps
          Hedge accounting                      $               –    $       71,634       $       52,290     $     123,924     $        899      $     899     $         26
          No hedge accounting                          555,248              973,750               34,636         1,563,634           55,789          55,789         49,604
         Forward contracts
          Hedge accounting                               18,150              45,319                      –          63,469            6,977           6,977          1,951
                                                $      573,398       $   1,090,703        $       86,926     $   1,751,027     $     63,665      $   63,665    $    51,581

         2021
         Swaps
          Hedge accounting                      $               –    $       42,227       $              –   $      42,227     $           –     $        –    $         90
          No hedge accounting                          769,567              972,623                    771        1,742,961         20,401           20,401         17,683
         Forward contracts
          Hedge accounting                               16,167              38,341                      –          54,508           20,771          20,771                –
                                                $      785,734       $    1,053,191       $            771   $   1,839,696     $     41,172      $   41,172    $    17,773


         The credit risk related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments after giving effect to any netting agreements was $8.9 million
         (2021 – $5.8 million).

         The credit risk related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments after giving effect to netting agreements and including rights
         to future net interest income, was $10.5 million (2021 – $0.7 million). Rights to future net interest income are related to the Company’s
         securitization activities and are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.



         Note 24. Fair value of financial instruments

         Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and may not reflect
         future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of significant judgment.

         All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of three levels that
         distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.

         Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the most advantageous
         market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
         measurement in its entirety.

                Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

                Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
                          for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other than quoted prices that are
                          observable or corroborated by observable market data; and




                                                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily model-based.

         Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may be characterized                                                           PART C
         by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or erratic bid/offer spreads. In those
         instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is measured using valuation models which may utilize
         predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management
         considers all reasonably available information including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments,




                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 121
                                                      P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C 105




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 105                                                                                                                                   2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                recent arm’s length market transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management
                                exercises judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the selection
                                of valuation methodologies.

                                Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:

                                  Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets, when
                                  available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that require assumptions related
                                  to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable market inputs are used in the
                                  valuation techniques.

                                  Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.

                                  Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.

                                  Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with arm’s
                                  length third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.

                                  Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields
                                  for securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.

                                  Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently offered
                                  for deposits with similar terms and credit risks.

                                  Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.

                                  Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
                                  instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

                                Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and other financial
                                liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.

                                Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments, deposits and certificates and
                                long-term debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
                                quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments and deposits and certificates are determined using valuation models,
                                discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term
                                debt is determined using indicative broker quotes.

                                Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes, loans, other
                                financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments consist
                                of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap entered into under the CMB Program whereby
                                the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage
                                principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the projected cashflows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used
                                to determine the fair value of the swap, is determined using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on
                                historical prepayment patterns. An increase (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional
                                amount of the swap. Level 3 Other investments of $603 million, are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial technology
                                companies, including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $492 million. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the
                                investments’ securities, where available, forecasted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples, used in
                                the valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease) to each of these variables, individually, would result in an
                                increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple of approximately $25 million.




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in

 PART C
                                the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value and those recorded at
                                amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value
                                if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash equivalents, accounts and
                                other receivables, certain other financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and certain other financial liabilities.




                           122 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 106                                                               P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 106                                                                                                                            2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                                                                                                                                                                               Fair value
                                                                                                 Carrying value                  Level 1              Level 2            Level 3                   Total

         2022
         Financial assets recorded at fair value
          Other investments
             – FVTOCI                                                                        $       602,612         $                –      $             –    $      602,612          $      602,612
             – FVTPL                                                                                 171,924                160,495                        –            11,429                 171,924
          Derivative financial instruments                                                            63,665                          –             37,900              25,765                  63,665
         Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
          Loans
             – Amortized cost                                                                      5,021,483                          –            372,983           4,532,493               4,905,476
         Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
          Derivative financial instruments                                                            51,581                          –             46,332               5,249                  51,581
         Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
          Deposits and certificates                                                                4,333,997                          –           4,334,010                     –            4,334,010
          Obligations to securitization entities                                                   4,610,438                          –                    –         4,544,609               4,544,609
          Long-term debt                                                                           2,100,000                          –           2,013,917                     –            2,013,917

         2021
         Financial assets recorded at fair value
          Other investments
             – FVTOCI                                                                        $     1,291,434         $                –      $             –    $    1,291,434          $    1,291,434
             – FVTPL                                                                                 106,589                104,658                   1,931                     –             106,589
          Loans
             – FVTPL                                                                                   57,436                         –             57,436                      –               57,436
          Derivative financial instruments                                                             41,172                         –             34,074                7,098                 41,172
         Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
          Loans
             – Amortized cost                                                                      5,296,406                          –            270,156           5,083,991               5,354,147
         Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
          Derivative financial instruments                                                             17,773                         –              11,635               6,138                 17,773
         Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
          Deposits and certificates                                                                2,220,274                          –          2,220,530                      –            2,220,530
          Obligations to securitization entities                                                   5,057,917                          –                    –         5,146,420               5,146,420
          Long-term debt                                                                           2,100,000                          –          2,544,380                      –            2,544,380


         There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2022 and 2021.

         The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
         There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                                  Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                      included
                                                                                          Gains (losses)               in Other
                                                                        Balance         included in Net         comprehensive             Purchases and                                         Balance
                                                                      January 1               earnings(1)               income                issuances         Settlements                 December 31

         2022
         Other investments
          – FVTOCI                                            $     1,291,434       $                 –     $       (677,525)       $            36,140    $         47,437         $          602,612
          – FVTPL                                                             –                       –                      –                   11,429                    –                    11,429




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
          Derivative financial instruments, net                            960                 28,010                        –                   (5,605)              2,849                     20,516


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C
         2021
         Other investments
          – FVTOCI                                            $       593,273       $                 –     $        964,761        $            15,868    $        282,468 (2)     $        1,291,434
          – FVTPL                                                          279                     (181)                     –                        –                   98                           –
          Derivative financial instruments, net                        (21,103)                12,852                        –                    1,974               (7,237)                      960

         (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
         (2) Related to disposition of a portion of IGM Financial Inc.’s investment in Wealthsimple (Note 5).




                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 123
                                                         P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                         C 1 07




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 107                                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                Note 25. Earnings per common share

                                                                                                                                                                         2022           2021

                                Earnings
                                 Net earnings                                                                                                                     $   872,578    $   980,887
                                 Non-controlling interest                                                                                                              (5,334)        (1,938)
                                 Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                    $   867,244    $   978,949
                                Number of common shares (in thousands)
                                 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                 238,470        238,841
                                 Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                                                 526           1,178
                                 Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                                          238,996        240,019
                                Earnings per common share (in dollars)
                                 – Basic                                                                                                                          $      3.64    $      4.10
                                 – Diluted                                                                                                                        $      3.63    $      4.08

                                (1) Excludes 837 thousand shares in 2022 related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2021 – 272 thousand).



                                Note 26. Contingent liabilities and guarantees

                                Contingent liabilities
                                The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed class action
                                was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation which alleges that the company should not have
                                paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. In August 2022, a second proposed class action concerning
                                the same subject matter was filed against Mackenzie Financial Corporation. Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such
                                legal actions, based on current knowledge and consultation with legal counsel, management does not expect the outcome of any of
                                these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position.


                                Guarantees
                                In the normal course of operations, the Company executes agreements that provide for indemnifications to third parties in
                                transactions such as business dispositions, business acquisitions, loans and securitization transactions. The Company has also
                                agreed to indemnify its directors and officers. The nature of these agreements precludes the possibility of making a reasonable
                                estimate of the maximum potential amount the Company could be required to pay third parties as the agreements often do not
                                specify a maximum amount and the amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood
                                of which cannot be determined. Historically, the Company has not made any payments under such indemnification agreements.
                                No provisions have been recognized related to these agreements.



                                Note 27. Related party transactions

                                Transactions and balances with related entities
                                The Company enters into transactions with The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life), which is a subsidiary of its affiliate,
                                Lifeco, which is a subsidiary of Power Corporation of Canada. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and have
                                been recorded at fair value:




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                • During 2022 and 2021, the Company provided to and received from Canada Life certain administrative services. The Company

 PART C
                                  distributes insurance products under a distribution agreement with Canada Life and received $48.7 million in distribution fees
                                  (2021 – $52.7 million). The Company received $61.4 million (2021 – $63.3 million) and paid $19.5 million (2021 – $22.6 million)
                                  to Canada Life and related subsidiary companies for the provision of sub-advisory services for certain investment funds.
                                  The Company paid $0.6 million (2021 – $15.5 million) to Canada Life related to the distribution of certain investment funds
                                   of the Company.
                                • During 2022, no residential mortgage loans were sold by the Company to Canada Life (2021 – $11.9 million).




                           124 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 108                                                                              P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 108                                                                                                                                          2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional interest in ChinaAMC from Power and sold a portion of its investment
         in Lifeco to Power (Note 29).


         Key management compensation
         The total compensation and other benefits to directors and employees classified as key management, being individuals having
         authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company, are as follows:

                                                                                                                             2022              2021

         Compensation and employee benefits                                                                          $     4,084    $     3,981
         Post-employment benefits                                                                                          4,042          3,793
         Share-based payments                                                                                              1,756          1,066
                                                                                                                     $     9,882    $     8,840

         Share-based payments exclude the fair value remeasurement of the deferred share units associated with changes in the Company’s
         share price (Note 20).



         Note 28. Segmented information

         The Company’s reportable segments are:
         • Wealth Management
         • Asset Management
         • Strategic Investments and Other

         These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
         • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of operating companies that are principally focused on providing financial planning
           and related services to Canadian households. This segment includes the activities of IG Wealth Management and Investment
           Planning Counsel. These firms are retail distribution organizations who serve Canadian households through their securities
           dealers, mutual fund dealers and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. A majority of the
           revenues of this segment are derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial products and services to Canadian
           households. This segment also includes the investment management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund
           management and discretionary portfolio management services.
         • Asset Management – reflects the activities of operating companies primarily focused on providing investment management
           services, and represents the operations of Mackenzie Investments. Investment management services are provided to a suite of
           investment funds that are distributed through third party dealers and financial advisors, and also through institutional advisory
           mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
         • Strategic Investments and Other – primarily represents the key strategic investments made by the Company, including China
           Asset Management Co., Ltd., Great-West Lifeco Inc., Northleaf Capital Group Ltd., Wealthsimple Financial Corp., and Portage
           Ventures LPs. Unallocated capital is also included within this segment.




                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                               PART C




                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 125
                                                   P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                        C 109




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 109                                                                                                         2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                                2022
                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic
                                                                                                                           Wealth                Asset         Investments
                                                                                                                      Management           Management            and Other          Intersegment            Total

                                Revenues
                                 Wealth management                                                                $    2,483,960       $              –    $               –    $       (18,654)   $   2,465,306

                                 Asset management                                                                                –          1,077,678                      –           (111,694)        965,984
                                 Dealer compensation                                                                             –           (327,521)                     –             18,650        (308,871)
                                 Net asset management                                                                            –            750,157                      –            (93,044)        657,113

                                 Net investment income and other                                                            4,094               5,690                 14,575               (291)         24,068
                                 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                     –                    –              210,762                  –         210,762
                                                                                                                       2,488,054              755,847                225,337           (111,989)       3,357,249
                                Expenses
                                 Advisory and business development                                                     1,126,124               79,353                      –                 (5)       1,205,472
                                 Operations and support                                                                  476,912              358,403                  4,917               (291)        839,941
                                 Sub-advisory                                                                            181,872                4,946                      –           (111,693)         75,125
                                                                                                                       1,784,908              442,702                  4,917           (111,989)       2,120,538
                                                                                                                         703,146              313,145                220,420                  –        1,236,711
                                Interest expense(1)                                                                        90,247              23,521                      –                  –         113,768
                                Earnings before income taxes                                                             612,899              289,624                220,420                  –        1,122,943
                                Income taxes                                                                             164,162               76,435                  9,596               172          250,365
                                                                                                                         448,737              213,189                210,824               (172)        872,578
                                Non-controlling interest                                                                     (200)                    –               (5,134)                 –           (5,334)
                                Net earnings available to common shareholders                                     $      448,537       $      213,189      $         205,690    $          (172)   $    867,244


                                Identifiable assets                                                               $ 11,255,665         $    1,243,428      $    3,571,910       $             –    $ 16,071,003
                                Goodwill                                                                               1,491,687            1,310,486                      –                  –        2,802,173
                                Total assets                                                                      $ 12,747,352         $    2,553,914      $    3,571,910       $             –    $ 18,873,176

                                (1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases




      IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 PART C




                           126 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                C 110                                                                                 P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 110                                                                                                                                                              2023-03-16 1:34 PM
         2021
                                                                                                     Strategic
                                                             Wealth               Asset          Investments                                  Total
                                                        Management          Management             and Other          Intersegment         Segment        Adjustments(1)            Total

         Revenues
          Wealth management                         $    2,572,891      $              –     $                –   $       (19,291)   $ 2,553,600      $             –      $ 2,553,600

          Asset management                                        –          1,126,007                        –          (114,551)       1,011,456                  –          1,011,456
          Dealer compensation                                     –           (355,242)                       –           19,272          (335,970)                 –           (335,970)
          Net asset management                                    –            770,765                        –          (95,279)         675,486                   –           675,486

          Net investment income and other                     3,619               5,850                   2,722              (249)          11,942            10,600             22,542
          Proportionate share of
          associates’ earnings                                    –                    –            196,367                     –         196,367                   –           196,367
                                                         2,576,510             776,615              199,089              (114,819)       3,437,395            10,600           3,447,995
         Expenses
          Advisory and business
          development                                    1,089,282              88,746                        –               (19)       1,178,009                  –          1,178,009
          Operations and support                           466,170            335,544                     4,916             (250)         806,380                   –           806,380
          Sub-advisory                                     189,678                6,892                       –         (114,550)          82,020                   –            82,020
                                                         1,745,130             431,182                    4,916          (114,819)       2,066,409                  –          2,066,409
                                                          831,380             345,433               194,173                     –        1,370,986            10,600           1,381,586
         Interest expense(2)                                90,284              23,652                        –                 –          113,936                  –            113,936
         Earnings before income taxes                      741,096             321,781              194,173                     –        1,257,050            10,600           1,267,650
         Income taxes                                      197,959              81,026                    4,916                 –         283,901              2,862            286,763
                                                           543,137             240,755              189,257                     –          973,149              7,738           980,887
         Non-controlling interest                                 –                    –              (1,938)                   –           (1,938)                 –             (1,938)
                                                    $      543,137      $      240,755       $      187,319       $             –    $     971,211    $         7,738      $    978,949
         Gain on sale of Personal Capital,
         net of tax                                                                                                                          7,738             (7,738)                 –
         Net earnings available to
         common shareholders                                                                                                         $    978,949     $             –      $    978,949


         Identifiable assets                        $    9,237,235      $    1,514,124       $    4,107,163       $             –    $ 14,858,522     $             –      $ 14,858,522
         Goodwill                                        1,491,687           1,310,379                        –                 –        2,802,066                  –          2,802,066
         Total assets                               $ 10,728,922        $    2,824,503       $    4,107,163       $             –    $ 17,660,588     $             –      $ 17,660,588

         (1) Gain on sale of Personal Capital is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been added back to Net investment
             income and other and Income taxes to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
         (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




         Note 29. Subsequent event

         On January 12, 2023, the Company closed the previously announced transaction to acquire Power Corporation of Canada’s (Power)
         13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration of $1.15 billion, increasing the Company’s equity interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9%
         to 27.8%. To partially fund the transaction, IGM Financial sold 15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash consideration of
         $553 million which reduced the Company’s equity interest in Lifeco from 4% to 2.4%. The remaining $597 million of consideration was




                                                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
         funded from the Company’s existing financial resources including $22 million in dividends received after March 31, 2022 with respect
         to the Lifeco shares that were sold. The Company will continue to equity account for its 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC and 2.4% interest

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C
         in Lifeco.




                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2022 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 127
                                                         P OW E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            C 111




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 111                                                                                                                                               2023-03-16 1:34 PM
                 Page intentionally left blank.




                 C 112                           P OW E R CO R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA




PCC_03_IGM_Eng_Q4_2022_02_23_23_CTv2.indd 112                                                   2023-03-16 1:34 PM
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       T R A N S F E R AG E N T A N D R E G I S T R A R
and on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.
                                                                   Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:
                                                                   Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;
Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Vancouver, British Columbia
Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            www.investorcentre.com

Subordinate Voting Shares: POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHARE HOLDE R SE RVICES

First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
                                                                   Shareholder Services
                                                                   100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
                                                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2Y1
                                                                   Telephone: 1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
PRINTED IN CANADA
