EX-99.1 2 tm2310410d2_ex99-1.htm EXHIBIT 99.1
​




                                                                               Exhibit 99.1​




                                      [MISSING IMAGE: lg_agnicoeagle-bw.jpg]




                               First Quarter Report 2023
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023
    This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) dated April 27, 2023 of Agnico Eagle Mines
    Limited (“Agnico Eagle” or the “Company”) should be read in conjunction with the Company’s condensed
    interim consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2023 (the “First Quarter
    Financial Statements”) that were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
    (“IFRS”), International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued by the
    International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). This MD&A should also be read in conjunction with
    the Company’s annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“Annual MD&A”) and annual consolidated
    financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS (“Annual Financial Statements”) filed with Canadian
    securities regulators and included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 40-F for the year ended
    December 31, 2022 (the “Form 40-F”). The condensed interim consolidated financial statements and this
    MD&A are presented in United States dollars (“US dollars”, “$” or “US$”) and all units of measurement are
    expressed using the metric system, unless otherwise specified. Certain information in this MD&A is
    presented in Canadian dollars (“C$”), Australian dollars (“A$”), Mexican pesos or European Union euros
    (“Euros” or “€”). Additional information relating to the Company is included in the Company’s Annual
    Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “AIF”). The AIF, Annual MD&A and Annual
    Financial Statements are available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ (the “CSA”) SEDAR website
    at www.sedar.com and the Form 40-F is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) at
    www.sec.gov/edgar.

    Forward Looking Statements

    Certain statements contained in this MD&A referred to herein as “forward-looking statements”, constitute
    “forward-looking information” under the provisions of Canadian provincial securities laws and constitute
    “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
    Act of 1995. These statements relate to, among other things, the Company’s plans, objectives, expectations,
    estimates, beliefs, strategies and intentions and can generally be identified by the use of words such as
    “anticipate”, “believe”, “budget”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “forecast”, “likely”, “may”, “plan”,
    “project”, “schedule”, “should”, “target”, “will”, “would” or other variations of these terms or similar
    words. Forward-looking statements in this MD&A include the following:
        • the Company’s outlook for 2023 and future periods, including metal production, estimated ore
          grades, recovery rates, project timelines, drilling results, life of mine estimates, total cash costs per
          ounce, all-in sustaining costs per ounce, minesite costs per tonne, other expenses, cash flows;
        • statements regarding future earnings and the sensitivity of earnings to gold and other metal prices;
        • estimated timing and conclusions of technical studies and evaluations;
        • the methods by which ore will be extracted or processed;
        • statements concerning the Company’s expansion plans at Kittila, Meliadine Phase 2, the Amaruq
          underground project and the Odyssey project, including the timing, funding, completion and
          commissioning thereof and production therefrom;
        • statements about the Company’s plans at the Hope Bay project;
        • statements concerning other expansion projects, recovery rates, mill throughput, optimization and
          projected exploration, including costs and other estimates upon which such projections are based;
        • statements regarding timing and amounts of capital expenditures, other expenditures and other cash
          needs, and expectations as to the funding thereof;
        • estimates of future mineral reserves, mineral resources, mineral production and sales;
        • the projected development of certain ore deposits, including estimates of exploration, development
          and production and other capital costs and estimates of the timing of such exploration, development
          and production or decisions with respect to such exploration, development and production;


                                                          1
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

        • estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources and their sensitivities to gold prices and other
          factors, ore grades and mineral recoveries and statements regarding anticipated future exploration
          results;
        • statements regarding the Company’s ability to obtain the necessary permits and authorizations in
          connection with its proposed or current exploration, development and mining operations and the
          anticipated timing thereof;
        • statements regarding anticipated future exploration;
        • the anticipated timing of events with respect to the Company’s mine sites;
        • statements regarding the sufficiency of the Company’s cash resources;
        • statements regarding future activity with respect to the Company’s unsecured revolving bank credit
          facility;
        • statements regarding anticipated trends with respect to the Company’s operations, exploration and
          the funding thereof.
        • anticipated levels or trends for prices of gold and by-product metals mined by the Company or for
          exchange rates between currencies in which capital is raised, revenue is generated or expenses are
          incurred by the Company;
        • the transition to “pillarless” mining at the LaRonde mine and its effect on the Company’s ability to
          manage seismicity risks;
        • the joint venture with Teck Resources Limited for the San Nicolas copper-zinc project;
        • estimates of future costs and other liabilities for environmental remediation;
        • statements regarding anticipated legislation and regulations, including with respect to climate
          change, and estimates of the impact on the Company; and
        • statements regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to reduce the spread
          of COVID-19 on the Company’s future operations, including its employees and business;
    Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of factors and assumptions that, while
    considered reasonable by Agnico Eagle as of the date of such statements, are inherently subject to
    significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies. The material factors and
    assumptions of Agnico Eagle upon which the forward-looking statements in this MD&A are based, and
    which may prove to be incorrect, include the assumptions set out elsewhere in this MD&A as well as: that
    governments, the Company or others do not take measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or
    otherwise that, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect the Company’s ability to operate its
    business and that there are no other significant disruptions affecting Agnico Eagle’s operations, whether due
    to labour disruptions, supply disruptions, damage to equipment, natural or man-made occurrences,
    disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic or other health and safety issues, or the responses of
    governments, communities, Agnico Eagle and others to such pandemic or other issues, mining or milling
    issues, political changes, title issues, community protests, including by First Nations groups, or otherwise;
    that permitting, development, expansion and the ramp-up of operations at each of Agnico Eagle’s mines,
    mine development projects and exploration projects proceed on a basis consistent with expectations and that
    Agnico Eagle does not change its exploration or development plans relating to such projects; that the
    exchange rates between the Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Euro, Mexican peso and the US dollar will
    be approximately consistent with current levels or as set out in this MD&A; that prices for gold, silver, zinc
    and copper will be consistent with Agnico Eagle’s expectations; that prices for key mining and construction
    supplies, including labour costs, remain consistent with Agnico Eagle’s expectations; that production meets
    current expectations; that Agnico Eagle’s current estimates of mineral reserves, mineral resources, mineral
    grades and mineral recoveries are accurate; that there are no


                                                          2
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    material delays in the timing for completion of development projects; and that there are no material
    variations in the current tax and regulatory environments that affect Agnico Eagle.

    The forward-looking statements in this MD&A reflect the Company’s views as at the date of this MD&A
    and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause the actual results,
    performance or achievements of the Company or industry results to be materially different from any future
    results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such
    factors include, the risk factors set out in “Risk Factors” in our most recent Form 40-F/AIF on file with the
    SEC and Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities. Given these uncertainties, readers are
    cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
    made. Except as otherwise required by law, the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking
    to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any change in the Company’s
    expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.
    Meaning of “including” and “such as”: When used in this MD&A the terms “including” and “such as” mean
    including and such as, without limitation.




                                                         3
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    NOTE TO INVESTORS CONCERNING CERTAIN MEASURES OF PERFORMANCE

    This MD&A discloses certain financial performance measures, including “total cash costs per ounce”, “all-
    in sustaining costs per ounce”, “minesite costs per tonne”, “adjusted net income”, “adjusted net income per
    share”, “sustaining capital expenditures”, “development capital expenditures”, and “operating margin” that
    are not standardized measures under IFRS. These measures may not be comparable to similar measures
    reported by other gold producers. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable
    financial information presented in the condensed interim consolidated financial statements prepared in
    accordance with IFRS, see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures in this MD&A. For a reconciliation
    of these measures to the most directly comparable condensed interim consolidated financial statements
    prepared in accordance with IFRS, see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures in this MD&A.
    The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (also referred to as total cash costs per ounce) is reported on
    both a by-product basis (deducting by-product metal revenues from production costs) and co-product basis
    (without deducting by-product metal revenues). The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is intended
    to provide information about the cash-generating capabilities of the Company’s mining operations. Total
    cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis is calculated by adjusting production costs as
    recorded in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income (loss) for by-product revenues,
    inventory production costs, the impact of purchase price allocation in connection to the Merger (as defined
    below) or acquisitions to inventory accounting, realized gains and losses on hedges of production costs,
    operational care and maintenance costs due to COVID-19, production costs associated with the retrospective
    adjustments from the application of the IAS 16 amendments (which, among other things, clarified that pre-
    commercial revenues and production costs could not be recognized in the cost of property, plant and
    equipment, but must be recognized in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income) and other
    adjustments, which include the costs associated with a 5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Canadian
    Malartic complex, a 2% in-kind royalty paid respect of the Detour Lake mine, a 1.5% in-kind royalty paid
    respect of the Macassa mine, as well as smelting, refining and marketing charges and then dividing by the
    number of ounces of gold produced. Certain line items such as operational care and maintenance costs due
    to COVID-19 and realized gains and losses on hedges of production costs were previously classified as
    “other adjustments” and are now disclosed separately to provide additional detail on the reconciliation,
    allowing investors to better understand the impacts of such events on the cash operating costs per ounce and
    minesite costs per tonne. In addition, given the extraordinary nature of the fair value adjustment on
    inventory related to the Merger and the use of the total cash costs per ounce measure to reflect the cash
    generating capabilities of the Company’s operations, the calculation of total cash costs per ounce for the
    Detour, Macassa and Fosterville mines have been adjusted for this purchase price allocation in the
    comparative period data. The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis is calculated
    in the same manner as the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis, except that no
    adjustment is made for by-product metal revenues. Accordingly, the calculation of total cash costs per ounce
    of gold produced on a co-product basis does not reflect a reduction in production costs or smelting, refining
    and marketing charges associated with the production and sale of by-product metals. Management uses
    these measures to, and believes they are helpful to investors so investors can, understand and monitor the
    performance of the Company’s mining operations. The Company believes that total cash costs per ounce is
    useful to help investors understand the costs associated with gold production and the economics of gold
    mining. As market prices for gold are quoted on a per ounce basis, using the total cash costs per ounce of
    gold produced on a by-product basis measure allows management and investors to assess a mine’s cash-
    generating capabilities at various gold prices. Management is aware, and investors should note, that these
    per ounce measures of performance can be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates and, in the case of
    total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis, by-product metal prices. Management
    compensates for these inherent limitations by using, and investors should also consider, these measures in
    conjunction with minesite costs per tonne as well as other data prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Management also performs sensitivity analysis in order to quantify the effects of fluctuating metal prices
    and exchange rates. Investors should note that total cash costs per ounce are not reflective of all cash


                                                          4
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    expenditures as they do not include income tax payments, interest costs or dividend payments. These
    measures also does not include depreciation or amortization.
    Agnico Eagle’s primary business is gold production and the focus of its current operations and future
    development is on maximizing returns from gold production, with other metal production being incidental
    to the gold production process. Accordingly, all metals other than gold are considered by-products.
    In this MD&A, unless otherwise indicated, total cash cost per ounce of gold produced is reported on a by-
    product basis. Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is reported on a by-product basis because (i) the
    majority of the Company’s revenues are from gold (ii) the Company mines ore, which contains gold, silver,
    zinc, copper and other metals, (iii) it is not possible to specifically assign all costs to revenues from the
    gold, silver, zinc, copper and other metals the Company produce (iv) it is a method used by management
    and the Board to monitor operations, and (v) many other gold producers disclose similar measures on a by-
    product rather than a co-product basis. Investors should also consider these measures in conjunction with
    other data prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    All-in sustaining costs (“AISC”) per ounce of gold produced (also referred to as all-in sustaining cost per
    ounce) on a by-product basis is used to reflect the Company’s total sustaining expenditures of producing and
    selling an ounce of gold while maintaining the Company’s current operations. AISC per ounce is calculated
    as the aggregate of total cash costs on a by-product basis, sustaining capital expenditures (including
    capitalized exploration), general and administrative expenses (including stock options), lease payments
    related to sustaining assets and reclamation expenses, and then dividing by the number of ounces of gold
    produced. These additional costs reflect the additional expenditures that are required to be made to maintain
    current production levels. AISC per ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis is calculated in the same
    manner as the AISC per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis, except that the total cash costs on a
    co-product basis are used, meaning no adjustment is made for by-product metal revenues. Management is
    aware, and investors should note, that these per ounce measures of performance can be affected by
    fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and, in the case of AISC of gold produced on a by-product basis, by-
    product metal prices. Management compensates for this inherent limitations by using these measures in
    conjunction with minesite costs per tonne as well as other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. The
    Company believes AISC per ounce is useful to help investors understand the costs associated with
    producing gold, assessing operating performance and the ability to generate free cashflow and overall value.
    Investors should note that AISC per ounce is not reflective of all cash expenditures as it does not include
    income tax payments, interest costs or dividend payments. This measure also does not include depreciation
    or amortization. In this MD&A, unless otherwise indicated, AISC per ounce of gold produced is reported on
    a by-product basis.
    The World Gold Council (“WGC”) is a non-regulatory market development organization for the gold
    industry. Although the WGC is not a mining industry regulatory organization, it has worked closely with its
    member companies to develop relevant non-GAAP measures. The Company follows the guidance on all-in
    sustaining costs released by the WGC in November 2018. Adoption of the all-in sustaining costs per ounce
    of gold produced measure is voluntary and, notwithstanding the Company’s adoption of the WGC’s
    guidance, all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced reported by the Company may not be
    comparable to data reported by other gold producers. The Company believes that this measure provides
    helpful information about operating performance. However, this non-GAAP measure should be considered
    together with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS as it is not necessarily indicative of operating
    costs or cash flow measures prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Minesite costs per tonne are calculated by adjusting production costs as recorded in the condensed interim
    consolidated statements of income (loss) for inventory production costs, operational care and maintenance
    costs due to COVID-19, and other adjustments, and then dividing by tonnage of ore processed. As the total
    cash costs per ounce of gold produced can be affected by fluctuations in by-product metal prices and foreign
    exchange rates, management believes that minesite costs per tonne is useful measure for investors as it
    provides additional information regarding the performance of mining operations, eliminating the impact of
    varying


                                                         5
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    production levels. Management also uses this measure to determine the economic viability of mining blocks.
    As each mining block is evaluated based on the net realizable value of each tonne mined, in order to be
    economically viable the estimated revenue on a per tonne basis must be in excess of the minesite costs per
    tonne. Management is aware, and investors should note, that this per tonne measure of performance can be
    affected by fluctuations in processing levels. This inherent limitation may be partially mitigated by using
    this measure in conjunction with production costs prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share are calculated by adjusting the net income as
    recorded in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income for the effects of certain non-
    recurring, unusual and other items that the Company believes are not reflective of the Company’s
    underlying performance for the reporting period. Adjusted net income is calculated by adjusting net income
    for foreign currency translation gains or losses, realized and unrealized gains or losses on derivative
    financial instruments, impairment loss charges and reversals, environmental remediation, severance and
    transaction costs related to acquisitions, purchase price allocations to inventory, income and mining taxes
    adjustments as well as other items (which includes changes in estimates of asset retirement obligations at
    closed sites, gains and losses on the disposal of assets, self insurance losses, multi-year donations and
    integration costs). Adjusted net income per share is calculated by dividing adjusted net income by the
    number of shares outstanding on a basic and diluted basis. The Company believes that these generally
    accepted industry measures are useful in that they allow for the evaluation of the results of continuing
    operations and in making comparisons between periods. Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per
    share are intended to provide investors with information about the Company’s continuing income generating
    capabilities from its core mining business, excluding the above adjustments, which are not reflective of
    operational performance. Management uses this measure to, and believes it is helpful to investors so they
    can, understand and monitor for the operating performance of the Company in conjunction with other data
    prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data
    presented by other gold producers. The Company believes that operating margin is a useful measure that
    reflects the operating performance of its individual mines associated with the ongoing production and sale
    of gold and by-product metals without allocating company-wide overhead (including exploration and
    corporate development expenses, amortization of property, plant and mine development, general and
    administrative expenses, finance costs, gain and losses on derivative financial instruments, environmental
    remediation costs, foreign currency translation gains and losses, other expenses and income and mining tax
    expenses). This measure is calculated by deducting production costs from revenue from mining operations.
    In order to reconcile operating margin to net income as recorded in the condensed interim consolidated
    financial statements, the company adds the following items to the operating margin: Income and mining
    taxes expense; other expenses (income); care and maintenance expenses; foreign currency translation (gain)
    loss; environmental remediation costs; gain (loss) on derivative financial instruments; finance costs; general
    and administrative expenses; amortization of property, plant and mine development; exploration and
    corporate development expenses; and impairment losses (reversals). Management uses this measure
    internally for planning purposes and to forecast future operating results. The Company believes that
    operating margin is a useful measure that reflects the operating performance of its individual mines
    associated with the ongoing production and sale of gold and by-product metals without allocating company-
    wide overhead (including exploration and corporate development expenses, amortization of property, plant
    and mine development, general and administrative expenses, finance costs, gains and losses on derivative
    financial instruments, environmental remediation costs, foreign currency translation gains and losses, care
    and maintenance expenses, other income and expenses and income and mining tax expenses). This measure
    is intended to provide investors with additional information about the Company’s underlying operating
    results and should be evaluated in conjunction with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Capital expenditures are classified into sustaining capital expenditures and development capital
    expenditures. Sustaining capital expenditures are expenditures incurred during the production phase to
    sustain and maintain the existing assets so they can achieve constant expected levels of production. This
    measure includes


                                                          6
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                     For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    expenditures on assets so that they retain their existing productive capacity as well as expenditures that
    enhance performance and reliability of the operations. Development capital expenditures are expenditures
    incurred at new projects and expenditures at existing operations that are undertaken with the intention to
    increase net present value through higher production levels or extensions of mine life above the current
    plans. Management uses these measures in the capital allocation process and to assess the effectiveness of
    its investments. Management believes these measures are useful so investors can assess the purpose and
    effectiveness of the capital expenditures split between sustaining and development in each reporting period.
    Management believes that the distinction between sustaining and development capital expenditures is useful
    to investors as sustaining capital expenditures are a key component in the calculation of AISC per ounce.
    While the Company follows the WGC guidance in its classification of capital expenditures into sustaining
    or development, the classification between sustaining and development capital expenditures does not have a
    standardized definition in accordance with IFRS and other companies may classify expenditures in a
    different manner.
    This MD&A also contains information as to estimated future total cash costs per ounce, AISC per ounce and
    minesite costs per tonne. The estimates are based upon the total cash costs per ounce, AISC per ounce and
    minesite costs per tonne that the Company expects to incur to mine gold at its mines and projects and,
    consistent with the reconciliation of these actual costs referred to above, do not include production costs
    attributable to accretion expense and other asset retirement costs, which will vary over time as each project
    is developed and mined. It is therefore not practicable to reconcile these forward-looking non-GAAP
    financial measures to the most comparable IFRS measure.

    Payable production (a non-GAAP non-financial performance measure) is the quantity of mineral produced
    during a period contained in products that have been or will be sold by the Company, whether such products
    are sold during the period or held as inventories at the end of the period.

    Business Overview
    Agnico Eagle is a senior Canadian gold mining company that has produced precious metals since its
    formation in 1972. The Company’s mines are located in Canada, Australia, Mexico and Finland, with
    exploration and development activities in Canada, Australia, Europe, Latin America and the United States.
    The Company and its shareholders have full exposure to gold prices due to its long-standing policy of no
    forward gold sales. Agnico Eagle has declared a cash dividend every year since 1983.

    Agnico Eagle earns a significant proportion of its revenue and cash flow from the production and sale of
    gold in both dore bar and concentrate form. The remainder of revenue and cash flow is generated by the
    production and sale of by-product metals, primarily silver, zinc and copper.

    Agnico Eagle’s operating mines and development projects are located in what the Company believes to be
    politically stable countries that are supportive of the mining industry. The political stability of the regions in
    which Agnico Eagle operates helps to provide confidence in its current and future prospects and
    profitability. This is important for Agnico Eagle as it believes that many of its current mines and projects
    have long-term mining potential.

    Recent Developments
    Acquisition of the Canadian Assets of Yamana

    On March 31, 2023, the Company completed a transaction (the “Yamana Transaction”) under an
    arrangement agreement with Yamana Gold Inc. (“Yamana”) and Pan American Silver Corp. (“Pan
    American”) pursuant to which Pan American acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of
    Yamana and Yamana sold the subsidiaries and partnerships that held Yamana’s interests in its Canadian
    assets to Agnico Eagle, including the remaining 50% of the Canadian Malartic complex, a 100% interest in
    the Wasamac project located in the Abitibi region of Quebec and several other exploration properties located
    in Ontario and


                                                            7
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Manitoba. The consideration paid by the Company in the Yamana Transaction consisted of approximately
    US$1.0 billion in cash and 36,177,931 common shares of Agnico Eagle. The acquisition increased the
    Company’s production, mineral reserves and cash flow. The results of operations, cash flows and net assets
    of the Canadian assets of Yamana have been consolidated with those of the Company from March 31, 2023.
    The fair value of Agnico’s previously held 50% interest in Malartic and the resulting gain on remeasurement
    along with the fair values allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, and are
    subject to adjustment based on further analysis and evaluation over the course of the measurement period
    which will not exceed twelve months from the acquisition date.

    San Nicolás Copper-Zinc Project Joint Venture

    On April 6, 2023, Agnico and Teck Resources Limited (“Teck”) entered into the previously announced joint
    venture shareholders agreement in respect of the San Nicolás copper-zinc development project located in
    Zacatecas, Mexico. The agreement provides that Agnico, through a wholly-owned Mexican subsidiary, will
    subscribe for a 50% interest in Minas de San Nicolás, S.A.P.I. de C.V. (“MSN”) for $580.0 million, to be
    contributed as study and development costs are incurred by MSN. For governance purposes, the agreement
    treats Agnico Eagle as a 50% shareholder of MSN regardless of the number of shares that have been issued
    to Agnico Eagle or its affiliates, except in certain circumstances of default. The Company will account for
    its interest in the joint venture as an equity-method investment and will recognize a corresponding liability
    in the amount of $290.0 million, which represents the minimum funding obligation of the Company under
    the agreement. MSN is planning to submit an Environmental Impact Assessment and permit application for
    the San Nicolás project in the first half of 2023 and is targeting completion of a feasibility study in early
    2024.

    Term Credit Facility
    On April 20, 2023, the Company entered into a credit agreement with a group of financial institutions that
    provides a $600 million unsecured term credit facility (the “Term Credit Facility”). The Company expects to
    draw down in full on the Term Credit Facility on April 28, 2023. The Term Credit Facility matures and all
    indebtedness thereunder is due and payable on April 21, 2025. The Term Credit Facility is available as a
    single advance in US dollars through SOFR and base rate advances, priced at the applicable rate plus a
    margin that ranges from 0.00% to 2.00% depending on the Company’s credit rating. Payment and
    performance of the Company’s obligations under the Term Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain of its
    material subsidiaries (the “Guarantors” and, together with the Company, each an “Obligor”) and certain of
    its other material subsidiaries will become Guarantors within 60 days of the execution of the Term Credit
    Facility.

    The Term Credit Facility contains covenants that limit the actions of an Obligor in the same manner and to
    the same extent as the Obligors are limited under the Credit Facility. The Company is also required to
    maintain a total net debt to EBITDA ratio below a specified maximum value. The events of default under
    the Term Credit Facility are the same as the events of default under the Credit Facility.

    Normal Course Issuer Bid

    On April 21, 2023, the Company submitted draft documentation to the TSX for approval to renew the NCIB,
    pursuant to which the Company would be permitted to purchase up to $500 million of its common shares
    (up to a maximum of 5% of its issued and outstanding common shares). Purchases under the NCIB may
    continue for up to one year from the commencement date. The approval is expected to be received in May
    2023. If approved, purchases under the NCIB will be made through the facilities of the TSX, the NYSE or
    other designated exchanges and alternative trading systems in Canada and the United States in accordance
    with applicable regulatory requirements. All common shares purchased under the NCIB will be cancelled.
                                                         8
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                      For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Financial and Operating Results

    Operating Results
    Agnico Eagle reported net income of $1,816.9 million, or $3.87 per share, in the first quarter of 2023,
    compared with net income of $119.1 million, or $0.31 per share, in the first quarter of 2022. Agnico Eagle
    reported adjusted net income1 of $271.3 million, or $0.581 per share, in the first quarter of 2023 compared
    with adjusted net income of $244.9 million, or $0.64 per share, in the first quarter of 2022. Included in net
    income is a re-measurement gain of $1,543.4 million recognized in the quarter, arising from the Yamana
    Transaction and the corresponding application of purchase accounting relating to a business combination
    achieved in stages, which requires the re-measurement on acquisition of the Company’s previously held
    50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex to fair value. The contributions from the Detour Lake,
    Macassa and Fosterville mines have been included in the comparative period from February 8, 2022. The
    other key drivers of the changes in net income and adjusted net income, are set out in tabular form below.

    In the first quarter of 2023, operating margin2 increased to $856.5 million compared with $664.0 million in
    the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to a 13.9% increase in revenues from mining operations as a result of
    higher gold sales volume from the Meadowbank complex and the Detour Lake, Macassa and Kittila mines
    and higher gold prices, partially offset by lower gold sales volume from the LaRonde complex and the
    Fosterville mine. The contributions from the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines have been
    included in the comparative period from February 8, 2022.

    Gold production increased to 812,813 ounces in the first quarter of 2023 compared with 660,604 ounces in
    the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to the contribution of gold production from the Meadowbank
    complex and the Detour Lake, Macassa and Kittila mines. Partially offsetting the overall increase in gold
    production was the decreased gold production at the LaRonde complex and the La India mine. The
    contributions from the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines have been included in the comparative
    period from February 8, 2022.

    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $649.6 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared with
    $507.4 million in the first quarter of 2022, due to higher gold sales volume from the Meadowbank complex
    and the Detour Lake, Macassa and Kittila mines and higher gold prices. The contributions from the Detour
    Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines have been included in the comparative period from February 8, 2022.




    ​




    1
        Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share are non-GAAP measures that are not standardized financial measures
        under IFRS. For a reconciliation to net income and net income per share see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures below.
        See also Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance.
    2
        Operating margin is a non-GAAP measure that is not a standardized financial measure under IFRS. For a reconciliation to net
        income see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures below. See also Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of
        Performance.



                                                                 9
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                          For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    The table below sets out variances in the key drivers of net income for the three months ended March 31,
    2023, compared with the three months ended March 31, 2022:
                                                                                                                  Three Months Ended
                                                                                                                   March 31, 2023 vs.
                                                                                                                  Three Months Ended
    (millions of United States dollars)                                                                   ​         March 31, 2022 ​
    Increase in gold revenues                                                                                 ​       ​$ 185.0      ​
    Decrease in silver revenues                                                                               ​       ​ ​ (0.1)     ​
    Increase in net copper revenues                                                                           ​       ​​     1.1    ​
    Decrease in net zinc revenues                                                                             ​       ​ ​ (2.0)     ​
    Decrease in production costs due to effects of foreign currencies                                         ​       ​ ​ 21.6      ​
    Increase in production costs                                                                              ​       ​ ​ (13.0)    ​
    Decrease in exploration and corporate development expenses                                                ​       ​ ​ 12.1      ​
    Increase in amortization of property, plant and mine development                                          ​       ​ ​ (48.4)    ​
    Decrease in general and administrative expenses                                                           ​       ​ ​ 19.3      ​
    Increase in finance costs                                                                                 ​       ​ ​ (0.8)     ​
    Change in derivative financial instruments                                                                ​       ​ ​ (22.1)    ​
    Change in non-cash foreign currency translation                                                           ​       ​​     1.0    ​
    Change in revaluation gain                                                                                ​       ​ ​1,543.4    ​
    Decrease in other expenses                                                                                ​       ​ ​ 68.7      ​
    Increase in income and mining taxes                                                                       ​       ​ ​ (68.0)    ​
    Total net income variance                                                                                 ​       ​$1,697.8     ​

    Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 vs. Three Months Ended March 31, 2022

    Revenues from mining operations increased to $1,509.7 million in the first quarter of 2023, compared with
    $1,325.7 million in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to a 13.7% increase in the gold sales volume
    from the contribution of the Meadowbank complex and the Detour Lake, Macassa and Kittila mines. The
    contributions from the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines have been included in the comparative
    period from February 8, 2022.
    Production costs were $653.1 million in the first quarter of 2023, a 1.3% decrease compared with
    $661.7 million in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to the recognition in 2022 of fair value adjustments
    to inventory on the purchase price allocation to Detour Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines following the
    merger of equals with Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. (“Kirkland”) completed on February 8, 2022 (the “Merger”)
    with no comparable fair value adjustments in 2023. Partially offsetting the recognition of the purchase price
    allocation is the additional production for the full quarter in 2023 from Detour Lake, Fosterville and
    Macassa mines acquired in the Merger, and higher production at the Meadowbank complex and Macassa
    mine.
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced3 increased to $832 on a by-product basis and
    $861 on a co-product basis in the first quarter of 2023, compared with $811 on a by-product basis and $854
    on a co-product basis in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to the limited contribution in 2022 from the
    Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines as the Merger was completed on February 8, 2022. For a
    reconciliation of total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on both a by-product basis (deducting by-
    product metal revenues from production costs) and co-product basis (without deducting by-product metal
    revenues) to production costs as set out in the First Quarter Financial Statements, see Non-GAAP Financial
    Performance Measures below.
    ​




    3
          Total cash cost per ounce of gold produced on a by-product and co-product basis are non-GAAP measures that are not
          standardized financial measures under IFRS. For a reconciliation to production costs see Non-GAAP Financial Performance
          Measures. See also Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance.



                                                                 10
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                     For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Exploration and corporate development expenses decreased to $53.8 million in the first quarter of 2023,
    compared with $65.8 million in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower expenses at the Mexico
    regional targets and the Hope Bay project.

    Amortization of property, plant and mine development increased by $48.3 million to $304.0 million between
    the first quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, primarily due to the full quarter contribution of
    amortization from the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines in 2023. The comparative period only
    includes amortization for Detour, Macassa and Fosterville for the period following the Merger.
    General and administrative expenses decreased to $48.2 million during the first quarter of 2023, compared
    with $67.5 million during the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to non-recurring costs attributable to the
    Merger in 2022 and decreased stock based compensation expenses between periods.

    Gain on derivative financial instruments amounted to $6.5 million during the first quarter of 2023,
    compared with a gain of $28.7 million during the first quarter of 2022. The Company recognized an
    unrealized gain on currency and commodity derivatives of $15.9 million during the first quarter of 2023,
    compared to an unrealized gain of $24.1 million during the first quarter of 2022. The unrealized gain on
    warrants amounted to $4.7 million during the first quarter of 2023, compared to an unrealized gain of
    $0.9 million during the first quarter of 2022, with the change due to an increase in the market value of
    warrants between periods.

    Revaluation gain was due to the re-measurement of the Company’s previously held 50% interest in the
    Canadian Malartic complex to fair value at the close of the Yamana transaction. The acquisition date fair
    value of the previously held 50% interest was determined to be $2,697.6 million, resulting in the recognition
    of a re-measurement gain through net earnings in the quarter of $1,543.4 million. The fair value of $2,697.6
    million forms part of the total consideration transferred under the transaction.
    Other expenses decreased to $20.1 million during the first quarter of 2023, compared with $89.6 million
    during the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to non-recurring transaction costs associated with the Merger
    in 2022.

    In the first quarter of 2023, the Company recorded income and mining taxes expense of $128.6 million on
    income before income and mining taxes of $1,945.5 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 6.6%. In the
    first quarter of 2022, the Company recorded income and mining taxes expense of $60.6 million on income
    before income and mining taxes of $179.7 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 33.7%. The decrease
    in the effective tax rate between the first quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2022 is primarily due to the
    increase in income before income and mining taxes as a result of the non-taxable revaluation gain recorded
    on the acquisition of Yamana’s interests in its Canadian assets.

    There are several factors that can significantly affect the Company’s effective tax rate including varying
    rates in different jurisdictions, the non-recognition of certain tax assets, mining allowances, foreign
    currency exchange rate movements, changes in tax laws, the impact of specific transactions and assessments
    and the relative distribution of income in the Company’s operating jurisdictions. As a result of these factors,
    the Company’s effective tax rate is expected to fluctuate significantly in future periods.

    LaRonde mine
    At the LaRonde mine, gold production decreased by 32.0% to 59,533 ounces in the first quarter of 2023
    compared with 87,549 ounces in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower throughput levels as a
    result of an adjusted mining sequence following seismicity events and lower gold grades. Production costs
    at the LaRonde mine were $39.7 million in the first quarter of 2023, a decrease of 13.4% compared with
    production costs of $45.8 million in the first quarter of 2022 driven primarily by the timing of inventory
    sales and the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods, partially offset by
    higher underground development costs.


                                                           11
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    LaRonde Zone 5 mine

    At the LaRonde Zone 5 mine, gold production increased by 14.8% to 20,074 ounces in the first quarter of
    2023 compared with 17,488 ounces in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to higher throughput levels,
    gold grades and recovery. Production costs at the LaRonde Zone 5 mine were $22.2 million in the first
    quarter of 2023, an increase of 32.8% compared with production costs of $16.7 million in the first quarter of
    2022, driven primarily by higher underground production, mill production costs, and timing of inventory
    sales, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Canadian Malartic complex

    Prior to the Yamana Transaction, the Company owned 50% of the Canadian Malartic complex. With the
    completion of the transaction on March 31, 2023, the Company now owns 100% of the Canadian Malartic
    complex, operational results have been consolidated using the attributable ownership of 50% up to
    March 30, 2023 and attributable gold production increased by 0.2% to 80,685 ounces in the first quarter of
    2023, compared with 80,509 ounces in the first quarter of 2022. Attributable production costs at the
    Canadian Malartic complex were $57.3 million in the first quarter of 2023, a increase of 0.6% compared
    with production costs of $56.9 million in the first quarter of 2022 primarily due to timing of inventory sales,
    partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Goldex mine

    At the Goldex mine, gold production decreased by 1.2% to 34,023 ounces in the first quarter of 2023
    compared with 34,445 ounces in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower throughput levels which
    was partially offset by higher gold grades. Production costs at the Goldex mine were $27.8 million in the
    first quarter of 2023, an increase of 6.2% compared with production costs of $26.2 million in the first
    quarter of 2022, driven primarily due to timing of inventory sales, partially offset by the weakening of the
    Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Detour Lake mine

    At the Detour Lake mine, gold production was 161,857 ounces in the first quarter of 2023 compared with
    100,443 ounces in the first quarter of 2022. This increase was primarily driven by the 2022 comparative
    period only including production from the period of February 8, 2022, when the Merger was completed, to
    March 31, 2022. Production costs were $114.0 million in the first quarter of 2023 a decrease of 5%
    compared with production costs of $120.0 million in the first quarter of 2022. This decrease was primarily
    driven by the recognition in 2022 of a $46.1 million adjustment reflecting the fair value allocated to
    inventory on the purchase price allocation, partially offset by the comparative period only including
    production costs from the period of February 8, 2022, when the Merger was completed, to March 31, 2022.

    Macassa mine
    At the Macassa mine, gold production was 64,115 ounces in the first quarter of 2023 compared with 24,488
    ounces in the first quarter of 2022. This increase was primarily driven by the 2022 comparative period only
    including production from the period of February 8, 2022, when the Merger was completed, to March 31,
    2022. Production costs were $38.0 million in the first quarter of 2023 an increase of 17.5% compared with
    production costs of $32.3 million in the first quarter of 2022. This variance is mainly attributed to the
    increased production in 2023 as the comparative period includes production from the period of February 8,
    2022, when the Merger was completed, to March 31, 2022. The comparative period also includes a
    $10.8 million adjustment reflecting the fair value allocated to inventory on the purchase price allocation.

    Meliadine mine

    At the Meliadine mine, gold production increased by 12.1% to 90,467 ounces in the first quarter of 2023
    compared with 80,704 ounces of gold production in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to higher


                                                          12
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                      For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    throughput levels, gold grades and recovery. Production in the comparative period was affected by a
    COVID-19 Omicron variant outbreak in December 2021 when activities at the mine focused on production
    and the level of some supporting activities, including underground development were reduced, which
    affected the mining sequence. In mid-January 2022, the mine had returned to normal operating levels.
    Production costs at the Meliadine mine were $81.2 million in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of 3.2%
    compared with production costs of $78.7 million in the first quarter of 2022 primarily due to higher open pit
    production costs and underground services costs, partially offset by higher capitalized deferred stripping and
    the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Meadowbank complex

    At the Meadowbank complex, gold production increased by 85.9% to 111,110 ounces in the first quarter of
    2023 compared with 59,765 ounces in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to increased mill throughput
    and higher gold grades, partially offset by a lower recovery rate. The comparative period was impacted as
    activities at the Meadowbank complex were reduced to essential services due to the COVID-19 Omicron
    variant outbreak in December 2021. Production activities were restarted in mid-January 2022 and gradually
    ramped up to normal operating levels into February 2022. Production costs at the Meadowbank complex
    were $130.0 million in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of 34.4% compared with production costs of
    $96.7 million in the first quarter of 2022 primarily due to higher open pit and underground mining costs and
    higher milling costs as a result of more ore processed, partially offset by higher capitalized deferred
    stripping and the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Fosterville mine

    At the Fosterville mine, gold production was 86,558 ounces in the first quarter of 2023 compared with
    81,827 ounces in the first quarter of 2022. This increase was primarily driven by the 2022 comparative
    period only including production from the period of February 8, 2022, when the Merger was completed, to
    March 31, 2022. Production costs were $36.6 million in the first quarter of 2023, a decrease of 58.4%
    compared with production costs of $88.0 million in the first quarter of 2022. This decrease was primarily
    driven by the recognition in 2022 of a $56.7 million adjustment reflecting the fair value allocated to
    inventory on the purchase price allocation, partially offset by the comparative period only including
    production costs from the period of February 8, 2022, when the Merger was completed, to March 31, 2022.

    Kittila mine
    At the Kittila mine, gold production increased by 40.0% to 63,692 ounces in the first quarter of 2023
    compared with 45,508 ounces in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to increased mill throughput and
    gold grades, partially offset by a lower recovery rate. The comparative period included a planned 10-day
    shutdown of the autoclave for regular maintenance and lower gold grades due to a delay in reaching the
    higher grade stopes in the Roura zone. Production costs at the Kittila mine were $53.3 million in the first
    quarter of 2023, an increase of 7.8% compared with production costs of $49.5 million in the first quarter of
    2022 driven primarily by higher mill production costs, partially offset by the weakening of the Euro relative
    to the US dollar between periods.
    In May 2020, the Regional State Administrative Agency of Northern Finland (the “RSAA”) granted Agnico
    Eagle Finland Oy (“Agnico Finland”) environmental and water permits that allowed Agnico Finland to
    enlarge its Second Carbon-in-Leach (“CIL2”) tailings storage facility, expand the operations of the Kittila
    mine to 2.0 Mtpa and build a new discharge waterline. The permits were subsequently appealed by a third
    party to the Vaasa Administrative Court (the “VAC”). In July 2022, the appeals were granted, in part, with
    the result that the permits were returned for reconsideration to the RSAA.
    In August 2022, Agnico Finland appealed the decisions of the VAC to the Supreme Administrative Court of
    Finland (the “SAC”) and requested that the SAC restore the permits through an interim decision pending the
    ultimate result of Agnico Finland’s appeal.


                                                          13
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                      For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    On November 1, 2022, the SAC issued an interim decision upholding the initial CIL2 tailings storage
    facility permit and restoring nitrogen emission permit levels for the year 2022. However, the SAC interim
    decision did not uphold the permit for the expansion of the mine to 2.0 Mtpa. The VAC decision is valid
    until a final decision is issued by the SAC. In the fourth quarter of 2022, Agnico Finland reduced its
    underground production levels to comply with the mining volume requirements. Agnico Finland expects a
    final decision from the SAC in the second half of 2023. Until then, the Company continues to operate on the
    current mining permit of 1.6 Mtpa while maintaining operational flexibility to reach the 2.0 Mtpa volume in
    the event of a positive decision by the SAC.
    If the SAC does not reinstate Agnico Finland’s permits as granted by the RSAA in 2020 to produce at, or
    close to, 2.0 Mtpa, the Company intends to submit an updated permit application for 2.0 Mtpa output level
    or higher.

    Pinos Altos mine

    At the Pinos Altos mine, gold production decreased by 4.1% to 24,134 ounces in the first quarter of 2023
    compared with 25,170 ounces in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to decreased throughput levels.
    Production costs at the Pinos Altos mine were $32.9 million in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of 1.2%
    compared with production costs of $32.5 million in the first quarter of 2022 driven primarily by the timing
    of inventory sales and the strengthening of the Mexican Peso relative to the US dollar between periods.

    La India mine
    At the La India mine, gold production decreased by 24.8% to 16,321 ounces in the first quarter of 2023
    compared with 21,702 ounces in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to decreased throughput levels.
    Production costs at the La India mine were $20.1 million in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of 13.3%
    compared with production costs of $17.7 million in the first quarter of 2022, driven primarily by the timing
    of inventory sales and the strengthening of the Mexican Peso relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Balance Sheet Review

    Total assets of $29.6 billion at March 31, 2023 increased by 26.2%, or $6.2 billion, compared with total
    assets of $23.5 billion as at December 31, 2022 primarily due to the assets acquired through the Yamana
    Transaction. Cash and cash equivalents of $744.6 million at March 31, 2023, increased by $86.0 million
    compared with December 31, 2022. Inventories increased by $29.6 million from $1,209.1 million at
    December 31, 2022 to $1,238.6 million at March 31, 2023 primarily due to the inventories acquired through
    the Yamana Transaction partially offset by $92.7 million in seasonal consumption of stockpiles and
    consumables at the Meadowbank and Meliadine mines. Other non-current assets increased by
    $247.0 million between December 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023, primarily due to non-current stockpiles
    acquired through the Yamana Transaction.
    The increase in property, plant and mine development from $18.5 billion at December 31, 2022 to
    $22.5 billion at March 31, 2023 was primarily due to the inclusion of the property, plant and mine
    development assets acquired as part of the Yamana Transaction, which closed on March 31, 2023, and
    additions capitalized to property, plant and mine development of $402.0 million, partially offset by an
    increase in accumulated amortization of $304.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023.
    Goodwill increased from $2,044.1 million at December 31, 2022 to $3,774.9 million at March 31, 2023.
    This resulted from the addition of goodwill in the preliminary purchase price allocation associated with the
    Yamana Transaction. The fair values allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of the
    purchase price for the Yamana Transaction are preliminary and are subject to adjustment based on further
    analysis and evaluation over the course of the measurement period which will not exceed twelve months
    from the acquisition date.
    Total liabilities of $9,860.4 million at March 31, 2023 increased by $2,606.9 million from $7,253.5 million
    at December 31, 2022. Net deferred income and mining tax liabilities increased by $1,415.1 million
    between


                                                          14
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                     For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    December 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 primarily due to the addition of net deferred income and mining tax
    liabilities from the acquisition of Yamana’s interests in its Canadian assets. Long-term debt increased by
    $1.0 billion due to a drawdown on the Company’s credit facility with the proceeds used towards the
    consideration paid in the Yamana Transaction. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased by
    $21.6 million between December 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023. Net income taxes receivable decreased by
    $14.9 million between December 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 as a result of the current tax expense
    exceeding the payments made to tax authorities.
    While the Company occasionally enters into contracts to limit the risk associated with decreased by-product
    metal prices, increased foreign currency costs (including capital expenditures) and input costs, the contracts
    act as economic hedges of underlying exposures and are not held for speculative purposes. Agnico Eagle
    does not use complex derivative contracts to hedge exposures. During the first three months of 2023, the
    Company put in place currency hedge positions to support its key input costs used in budgeting and mine
    planning assumptions. As at March 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding currency derivative contracts
    related to $2,728.4 million of 2023 and 2024 expenditures (December 31, 2022 — $2,907.9 million) and
    diesel fuel derivative contracts related to 24.0 million gallons of heating oil (December 31, 2022 —
    19.0 million).

    Liquidity and Capital Resources

    As at March 31, 2023, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents totaled $744.6 million compared with
    $658.6 million as at December 31, 2022. The Company’s policy is to invest excess cash in what the
    Company believes to be highly liquid investments of high credit quality to reduce risks associated with
    these investments. Such investments with remaining maturities of greater than three months and less than
    one year at the time of purchase are classified as short-term investments. Investments with remaining
    maturities of less than three months at the time of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The
    Company’s decisions regarding the length of maturities it holds are based on cash flow requirements, rates
    of return and various other factors.
    Working capital (current assets less current liabilities) increased to $1,311.2 million as at March 31, 2023
    compared with $1,233.6 million as at December 31, 2022 primarily due to an increase of $86.0 million in
    cash and cash equivalents and a $29.6 million increase in inventories, partially offset by an increase in
    accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $21.6 million and a decrease in net income taxes receivable of
    $14.9 million between periods.
    On April 7, 2023, Moody’s upgraded the Company’s credit rating outlook to “positive” from “stable”, while
    affirming the Company’s credit rating at Baa2. This was in response to the Company’s strong business and
    credit profile, low leverage levels and conservative financial policies.
    Subject to various risks and uncertainties, such as those set in this MD&A and in the Company’s AIF, the
    Company believes it will generate sufficient cash flow from operations and has adequate cash and debt
    facilities available to finance its current operations, working capital requirements, contractual obligations,
    debt maturities, planned capital expenditure and exploration programs. While the Company believes its
    capital resources will be sufficient to satisfy all its mandatory and discretionary commitments, the Company
    may choose to decrease certain of its discretionary expenditure commitments, which include certain capital
    expenditures and exploration and corporate development expenses, should unexpected financial
    circumstances arise in the future. See Risk Profile in this MD&A.

    Operating Activities

    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $649.6 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared with
    $507.4 million in the first quarter of 2022 partially due to the contribution of a full quarter in 2023 from the
    Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines as compared to the prior period when the Merger was
    completed on February 8, 2022. Other factors contributing to the increase include a 13.7% increase in total
    gold ounces sold between periods with the largest contributions from the Meadowbank complex and the
    Detour Lake,


                                                          15
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                      For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Macassa and Kittila mines in addition to a decrease in general and administrative expenses and other
    expenses between periods. This was partially offset by unfavourable working capital changes between
    periods.
    Investing Activities
    Cash used in investing activities in the first quarter of 2023 increased to $1,398.7 million compared with
    $535.7 million cash provided in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to $1,000.6 million in net cash
    consideration paid for the Yamana Transaction, $838.7 million in non-recurring cash acquired in the first
    quarter of 2022 due to the Merger and $91.8 million in additional capital expenditures between periods. The
    increase in capital expenditures between periods is primarily attributable to expenditures at the
    Meadowbank complex and the Detour Lake and Macassa mines.
    In the first quarter of 2023, the Company purchased $14.7 million in equity securities and other investments
    compared with $13.4 million in the first quarter of 2022. The Company’s equity securities and other
    investments consist primarily of investments in common shares and share purchase warrants of entities in
    the mining industry.

    Financing Activities

    Cash provided by financing activities increased to $836.4 million in the first three months of 2023,
    compared with $167.9 million used in the first three months of 2022, primarily due to a $1.0 billion Credit
    Facility drawdown used to finance the cash consideration paid for the Yamana Transaction.
    The Company issued common shares for net proceeds of $16.9 million in the first quarter of 2023,
    compared with $23.1 million in the first quarter of 2022, attributable to employee stock option plan
    exercises and issuances under the incentive share purchase plan and the dividend reinvestment plan.
    During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company repurchased 100,000 common shares for
    $4.8 million at an average price of $47.75 under the NCIB.
    On February 16, 2023, Agnico Eagle declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per common share paid on
    March 15, 2023 to holders of record of the common shares of the Company as of March 1, 2023. Agnico
    Eagle has declared a cash dividend every year since 1983. In the first quarter of 2023, the Company paid
    dividends of $156.2 million compared to $154.8 million paid in the first quarter of 2022. Although the
    Company expects to continue paying dividends, future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and
    will be subject to factors such as income, financial condition and capital requirements.
    In the first three months of 2023, the Company drew down $1.0 billion on its Credit Facility primarily to
    finance the cash consideration portion of the Yamana Transaction. In the first three months of 2022, the
    Company drew down and repaid $100.0 million from the Credit Facility primarily to facilitate operating
    requirements. As at March 31, 2023, the Company’s outstanding balance under the Credit Facility was
    $1.0 billion. Credit Facility availability is reduced by outstanding letters of credit at that date, which were
    $1.0 million as at March 31, 2023, resulting in $199.0 million available for future drawdown.
    The Company has five uncommitted letter of credit facilities with certain financial institutions (the “LC
    Facilities”). During the three months ended March 31, 2023, amounts available under these letter of credit
    facilities are as follows; C$400.0 million, C$320.0 million, C$200.0 million, C$100.0 million and
    $75.0 million. As at March 31, 2023, the aggregate undrawn face amount of letters of credit under the LC
    Facilities was $671.5 million. Additionally, the company has a standby letter of guarantee facility (the
    “Guarantee Facility”) with a financial institution providing for a $25.0 million uncommitted letter of
    guarantee facility. The aggregate undrawn face amount of guarantees under the guarantee facility at
    March 31, 2023 was $12.5 million.
    The Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the Credit Facility, the LC Facilities, the
    Guarantee Facility, and the $1,350.0 million of guaranteed senior unsecured notes as at March 31, 2023.


                                                          16
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                     For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Risk Profile

    The Company is subject to significant risks, including fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign exchange
    rates and other risks due to the inherent nature of the business of exploration, development and mining of
    properties with precious metals. Changes in economic conditions and volatile financial markets may have a
    significant impact on Agnico Eagle’s cost and availability of financing and overall liquidity. The volatility
    in gold, silver, zinc and copper prices directly affects Agnico Eagle’s revenues, earnings and cash flow.
    Volatile energy, commodity and consumables prices and currency exchange rates impact production costs.
    The Company is subject to risks related to pandemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases such as
    COVID-19, as well as the economic impacts that result therefrom. For a more comprehensive discussion of
    these and other risks, see “Risk Factors” in the AIF filed on the CSA’s SEDAR website and with the SEC as
    part of the Form 40-F.

    Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
    The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
    financial reporting (“ICFR”) and disclosure controls and procedures (“DC&P”).

    ICFR is a framework designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
    reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS.
    Management has used the Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
    Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) in order to assess the effectiveness of the
    Company’s ICFR.

    DC&P form a broader framework designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be
    disclosed by the Company in its annual and interim filings and other reports filed under securities
    legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time frame specified in securities
    legislation and includes controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
    disclosed by the Company in its annual and interim filings and other reports submitted under securities
    legislation is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management to allow timely decisions
    regarding required disclosure.
    Together, the ICFR and DC&P frameworks provide internal control over financial reporting and disclosure.
    The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable
    assurance that information, which is required to be disclosed in the Company’s annual and interim filings
    and other reports filed under securities legislation, is accumulated and communicated in a timely fashion.
    Due to their inherent limitations, the Company acknowledges that, no matter how well designed, ICFR and
    DC&P can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and as such may
    not prevent or detect all misstatements. Further, the effectiveness of ICFR is subject to the risk that controls
    may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or
    procedures may change.

    There have been no significant changes in our internal controls during the three months ended March 31,
    2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over
    financial reporting.

    Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures

    This MD&A presents certain financial performance measures, including adjusted net income, adjusted net
    income per share, total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (on both a by-product and co-product basis),
    minesite costs per tonne, all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced (on both a by-product and co-
    product basis), operating margin, sustaining capital expenditures and development capital expenditures, that
    are not recognized measures under IFRS. These measures may not be comparable to similar measures
    reported by other gold producers. Non-GAAP financial performance measures should be considered
    together with


                                                          17
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                         For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of
    Performance in this MD&A for details on the composition, usefulness and other information regarding such
    measures.

    Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income Per Share
    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s use of the non-GAAP measures
    adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share.

    The following table sets out the calculation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share for the
    three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022.

    ​                                                                                   ​ ​ Three Months Ended March 31, ​
    (thousands of United States dollars)                                                 ​ ​    2023      ​ ​  2022(i) ​
    ​                                                                                    ​ ​​ ​             ​ ​ ​ ​ ​Restated​
    Net income for the period — basic                                                    ​ ​ ​$ 1,816,891 ​​ ​ ​$ 119,076 ​
      Dilutive impact of cash settling LTIP                                              ​ ​ ​$      (1,776)​​ ​ ​$        —​
    Net income for the period — diluted                                                  ​ ​​   ​ 1,815,115  ​​ ​ ​ ​119,076  ​
      Foreign currency translation loss                                                  ​ ​​ ​         220 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 1,210 ​
      Realized and unrealized gain on derivative financial instruments                   ​ ​​ ​      (6,539)​​ ​ ​ ​ (28,664)​
      Severance and transaction costs related to acquisitions                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 15,238​​ ​ ​ ​ 80,767​
      Revaluation gain on Yamana Transaction                                             ​ ​ ​ ​(1,543,414)​​ ​ ​ ​        —​
      Environmental remediation                                                          ​ ​​ ​        (557)​​ ​ ​ ​ (2,299)​
      Net loss on disposal of property. plant and equipment                              ​ ​​ ​       2,542 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 1,081 ​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(ii)                                         ​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​ ​ ​113,651​
      Income and mining taxes adjustments(iii)                                           ​ ​​   ​   (13,102 )​​ ​ ​ ​ (39,882)​
    Adjusted net income for the period — basic                                           ​ ​ ​$ 271,279 ​​ ​ ​$ 244,940 ​
    Adjusted net income for the period — diluted                                         ​ ​ ​$   269,503 ​​ ​ ​$ 244,940 ​
    Net income per share — basic                                                         ​ ​ ​$       3.87​​ ​ ​$       0.31​
    Net income per share — diluted                                                       ​ ​ ​$       3.86 ​​ ​ ​$      0.31 ​
    Adjusted net income per share — basic                                                ​ ​ ​$       0.58 ​​ ​ ​$      0.64 ​
    Adjusted net income per share — diluted                                              ​ ​ ​$       0.57​​ ​ ​$       0.64​




                                                             18
​




                                              AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                            (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                           For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    ​




    Notes:
    (i)     The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of Kirkland during the year ended December 31, 2022 and adjustments were
            made retrospectively back to the acquisition date of February 8, 2022 and the comparative amounts above have been adjusted
            accordingly. For more information please see Note 5 in the Company’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements.
    (ii)    The Company determined that the transaction with Kirkland represented a business combination under IFRS 3 Business
            Combinations (“IFRS 3”), with Agnico identified as the acquirer and, as such, the transaction was accounted for using the
            acquisition method of accounting in accordance with IFRS 3. As part of the purchase price allocation, the Company is required to
            determine the fair value of net assets acquired. The fair value of inventory acquired was estimated based on the selling cost less
            costs to be incurred plus a profit margin on those costs resulting in a fair value increase to the carrying value of inventories
            acquired from Kirkland. The revalued inventory sold during the three months ended March 31, 2022 resulted in additional
            production costs of approximately $113.7 million ($78.8 million after tax). Given the unusual nature of the fair value adjustment
            on inventory related to the Merger, this non-cash adjustment, which increased the cost of inventory sold during the period, was
            made to adjusted earnings per share in the three months ended March 31, 2022.
    (iii) Income and mining taxes adjustments reflect items such as foreign currency translation recorded to the income and mining taxes
          expense, the impact of income and mining taxes on adjusted items, recognition of previously unrecognized capital losses, the
          result of income and mining taxes audits, impact of tax law changes and adjustments to prior period tax filings.

    Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced and Minesite Costs per Tonne

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s use of the non-GAAP measures
    total cash costs per ounce of gold produced and minesite costs per tonne.

    The following tables set out a reconciliation of total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (on both a by-
    product basis and co-product basis) and minesite costs per tonne to production costs, exclusive of
    amortization, as presented in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income in accordance with
    IFRS.

    Total Production Costs by Mine

                                                                                                                       Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                                                           ​ ​         March 31,            ​
    (thousands of United States dollars)                                                                         ​ ​   2023     ​ ​   2022       ​
          LaRonde mine                                                                                           ​ ​​$ 39,707​​ ​​$ 45,841​
          LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                                    ​ ​​ ​ 22,224​​ ​​ ​ 16,733​
          LaRonde complex                                                                                        ​ ​​ ​ 61,931​​ ​​ ​ 62,574​
          Canadian Malartic complex(i)                                                                           ​ ​​ ​ 57,291​​ ​​ ​ 56,937​
          Goldex mine                                                                                            ​ ​​ ​ 27,835​​ ​​ ​ 26,217​
          Meliadine mine                                                                                         ​ ​​ ​ 81,194​​ ​​ ​ 78,679​
          Meadowbank complex                                                                                     ​ ​​ ​130,004​​ ​​ ​ 96,711​
          Kittila mine                                                                                           ​ ​​ ​ 53,295​​ ​​ ​ 49,451​
          Detour Lake mine                                                                                       ​ ​​ ​114,022​​ ​​ ​119,965​
          Macassa mine                                                                                           ​ ​​ ​ 37,959​​ ​​ ​ 32,314​
          Fosterville mine                                                                                       ​ ​​ ​ 36,599​​ ​​ ​ 88,001​
          Pinos Altos mine                                                                                       ​ ​​ ​ 32,922​​ ​​ ​ 32,536​
          Creston Mascota mine                                                                                   ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​     615​
          La India mine                                                                                          ​ ​​ ​ 20,092​​ ​​ ​ 17,735​
    Production costs per the condensed interim consolidated statements of income                                 ​ ​​$653,144​​ ​​$661,735​



                                                                        19
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                          For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Reconciliation of Production Costs to Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced by Mine and
    Reconciliation of Production Costs to Minesite Costs per Tonne by Mine
    (thousands of United States dollars, except as noted)

    LaRonde mine                                                     Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                               ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                        ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                                 ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​   59,533​​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​   87,549​

    Production costs                                         ​ ​​$        39,707​​ ​​$         667​​ ​​$         45,841​​ ​​$        524​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                              ​ ​​ ​       22,505​​ ​​ ​        378​​ ​​ ​        10,927​​ ​​ ​       125​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                     ​ ​​ ​        1,078​​ ​​ ​         18​​ ​​ ​          (485)​​ ​​ ​        (6​)
      Other adjustments(v)                                   ​ ​​ ​   4,348​​ ​​ ​              73​​ ​​ ​    2,762​​ ​​ ​              31​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)                  ​ ​​$ 67,638​​ ​​$              1,136​​ ​​$ 59,045​​ ​​$                 674​
      By-product metal revenues                              ​ ​​ ​ (14,532)​​ ​​ ​           (244)​​ ​​ ​ (17,218)​​ ​​ ​           (196​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                  ​ ​​$ 53,106​​ ​​$                892​​ ​​$ 41,827​​ ​​$                 478​

    LaRonde mine                                                     Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                                ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                        ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)               ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 389​​ ​​       ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 455​

    Production costs                                         ​ ​​ $ 39,707​​ ​​ $ 102​​ ​​ $ 45,841​​ ​​ $ 101​
    Production costs (C$)                                    ​ ​​C$ 53,573​​ ​​ C$ 138​​ ​​C$ 58,015​​ ​​ C$ 128​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                         ​ ​​ ​ 29,723​​ ​​      ​ 76​​ ​​ ​ 12,357​​ ​​        ​ 27​
      Other adjustments (C$)(v)                              ​ ​​ ​ (3,141)​​ ​​     ​  (8)​​ ​​ ​ (3,506)​​ ​​     ​  (8​)
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                            ​ ​​ C$ 80,155 ​​ ​​ C$   206 ​​ ​​ C$ 66,866 ​​ ​​ C$   147 ​

    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                              Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                               ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                        ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                                 ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​   20,074​​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​   17,488​

    Production costs                                         ​ ​​$        22,224​​ ​​$       1,107​​ ​​$         16,733​​ ​​$        957​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                              ​ ​​ ​          523​​ ​​ ​         26​​ ​​ ​           465​​ ​​ ​        27​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                     ​ ​​ ​          359​​ ​​ ​         18​​ ​​ ​          (113)​​ ​​ ​        (7​)
      Other adjustments(v)                                   ​ ​​ ​          336​​ ​​ ​         17​​ ​​ ​            30​​ ​​ ​         2​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)                  ​ ​​$        23,442​​ ​​$       1,168​​ ​​$         17,115​​ ​​$        979​
      By-product metal revenues                              ​ ​​ ​         (275)​​ ​​ ​       (14)​​ ​​ ​          (91)​​ ​​ ​       (6​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                  ​ ​​$        23,167​​ ​​$       1,154​​ ​​$         17,024​​ ​​$        973​




                                                              20
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                         For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                             Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                               ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                       ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)              ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 318​​ ​​       ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 280​

    Production costs                                        ​ ​​ $ 22,224​​ ​​ $               70​​ ​​ $ 16,733​​ ​​ $                 60​
    Production costs (C$)                                   ​ ​​C$ 29,988​​ ​​ C$              94​​ ​​C$ 21,173​​ ​​ C$                76​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                        ​ ​​ ​     738​​ ​​     ​           3​​ ​​ ​    576​​ ​​    ​               2​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                           ​ ​​ C$ 30,726 ​​ ​​ C$            97​​ ​​C$ 21,749​​ ​​ C$                78​

    LaRonde complex                                                 Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                              ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                       ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                                ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​   79,607​​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​ 105,037​

    Production costs                                        ​ ​​$        61,931​​ ​​$         778​​ ​​$         62,574​​ ​​$         596​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                             ​ ​​ ​       23,028​​ ​​ ​        289​​ ​​ ​        11,392​​ ​​ ​        108​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                    ​ ​​ ​        1,437​​ ​​ ​         18​​ ​​ ​          (598​​
                                                                                                                      ) ​​ ​           (6​)
      Other adjustments(v)                                  ​ ​​ ​   4,684​​ ​​ ​              59​​ ​​ ​    2,792​​ ​​ ​               27​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)                 ​ ​​$ 91,080​​ ​​$              1,144​​ ​​$ 76,160​​ ​​$                  725​
      By-product metal revenues                             ​ ​​ ​ (14,807)​​ ​​ ​           (186)​​ ​​ ​ (17,309)​​ ​​ ​            (165​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                 ​ ​​$ 76,273​​ ​​$                958​​ ​​$ 58,851​​ ​​$                  560​

    LaRonde complex                                                      Three Months Ended                     Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                               ​ ​            March 31, 2023          ​ ​            March 31, 2022          ​
    ​                                                       ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)              ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 707​​ ​​       ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 735​

    Production costs                                        ​ ​​ $ 61,931​​ ​​ $       88​​ ​​ $ 62,574​​ ​​ $        85​
    Production costs (C$)                                   ​ ​​C$ 83,561​​ ​​ C$ 118​​ ​​C$ 79,188​​ ​​ C$ 108​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                        ​ ​​ ​ 30,461​​ ​​      ​ 43​​ ​​ ​ 12,933​​ ​​        ​ 18​
      Other adjustments (C$)(v)                             ​ ​​ ​ (3,141)​​ ​​     ​  (4)​​ ​​ ​ (3,506)​​ ​​     ​  (5​)
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                           ​ ​​C$ 110,881 ​​ ​​ C$   157 ​​ ​​ C$ 88,615 ​​ ​​ C$   121 ​

    Canadian Malartic complex                                       Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced(i)                           ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                       ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                                ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​   80,685​​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​   80,509​

    Production costs                                        ​ ​​$        57,291​​ ​​$         710​​ ​​$         56,937​​ ​​$         707​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                             ​ ​​ ​          495​​ ​​ ​          6​​ ​​ ​           728​​ ​​ ​          9​
      Other adjustments(v)                                  ​ ​​ ​        7,382​​ ​​ ​         92​​ ​​ ​         7,782​​ ​​ ​         97​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)                 ​ ​​$        65,168​​ ​​$         808​​ ​​$         65,447​​ ​​$         813​
      By-product metal revenues                             ​ ​​ ​       (1,138)​​ ​​ ​       (14)​​ ​​ ​       (1,662)​​ ​​ ​       (21​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                 ​ ​​$        64,030​​ ​​$         794​​ ​​$         63,785​​ ​​$         792​




                                                             21
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Canadian Malartic complex                                     Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne(i)                                          ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 2,262​​ ​​      ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 2,412​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​ $ 57,291​​ ​​ $                25​​ ​​ $ 56,937​​ ​​ $                 24​
    Production costs (C$)                                 ​ ​​C$ 76,665​​ ​​ C$               34​​ ​​C$ 71,629​​ ​​ C$                30​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​    740​​ ​​ ​                —​​ ​​ ​ 1,010​​ ​​ ​                   —​
      Other adjustments (C$)(v)                           ​ ​​ ​ 9,825​​ ​​ ​                  5​​ ​​ ​ 9,647​​ ​​ ​                   4​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                         ​ ​​C$ 87,230​​ ​​ C$               39​​ ​​C$ 82,286​​ ​​ C$                34​

    Goldex mine                                                   Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                            ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​    34,023​​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​   34,445​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​$        27,835​​ ​​$          818​​ ​​$         26,217​​ ​​$          761​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                           ​ ​​ ​       (1,037​​
                                                                             ) ​​ ​          (30​​
                                                                                                ) ​​ ​            710​​ ​​ ​          21​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                  ​ ​​ ​          707​​ ​​ ​          20​​ ​​ ​          (215)​​ ​​ ​         (6​)
      Other adjustments(v)                                ​ ​​ ​           62​​ ​​ ​           2​​ ​​ ​            54​​ ​​ ​           1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)               ​ ​​$        27,567​​ ​​$          810​​ ​​$         26,766​​ ​​$          777​
      By-product metal revenues                           ​ ​​ ​          (14)​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​            (16)​​ ​​ ​         —​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               ​ ​​$        27,553​​ ​​$          810​​ ​​$         26,750​​ ​​$          777​

    Goldex mine                                                   Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                             ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​      ​ 698​​ ​​       ​          ​ ​ ​​      ​ 743​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​ $ 27,835​​ ​​ $                40​​ ​​ $ 26,217​​ ​​ $                 35​
    Production costs (C$)                                 ​ ​​C$ 37,627​​ ​​ C$               54​​ ​​C$ 33,220​​ ​​ C$                45​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​ (1,390)​​ ​​     ​           (2)​​ ​​ ​   892​​ ​​    ​               1​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                         ​ ​​ C$ 36,237 ​​ ​​ C$             52​​ ​​C$ 34,112​​ ​​ C$                46​

    Meliadine mine                                                Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                            ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​    90,467​​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​   80,704​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​$        81,194​​ ​​$          897​​ ​​$         78,679​​ ​​$          975​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                           ​ ​​ ​        3,624​​ ​​ ​          40​​ ​​ ​         3,632​​ ​​ ​          45​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                  ​ ​​ ​           88​​ ​​ ​           1​​ ​​ ​        (1,311​​
                                                                                                                     ) ​​ ​          (16​)
      Other adjustments(v)                                ​ ​​ ​          105​​ ​​ ​           2​​ ​​ ​            95​​ ​​ ​           1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)               ​ ​​$        85,011​​ ​​$          940​​ ​​$         81,095​​ ​​$        1,005​
      By-product metal revenues                           ​ ​​ ​         (200)​​ ​​ ​         (3)​​ ​​ ​         (217)​​ ​​ ​         (3​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               ​ ​​$        84,811​​ ​​$          937​​ ​​$         80,878​​ ​​$        1,002​


                                                           22
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Meliadine mine                                                Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                             ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 476​​ ​​       ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 432​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​ $ 81,194​​ ​​ $ 170​​ ​​ $ 78,679​​ ​​ $ 182​
    Production costs (C$)                                 ​ ​​C$ 108,881​​ ​​ C$ 228​​ ​​C$ 99,437​​ ​​ C$ 230​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​ 5,050​​ ​​       ​ 11​​ ​​ ​ 4,525​​ ​​        ​ 11​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                         ​ ​​C$ 113,931 ​​ ​​ C$   239     C$
                                                                                        ​​ ​​  103,962 ​​ ​​ C$   241​

    Meadowbank complex                                            Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                            ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​ 111,110​​ ​​ ​                ​ ​ ​​ ​   59,765​

    Production costs                               ​ ​​$ 130,004​​ ​​$                    1,170​​ ​​$         96,711​​ ​​$       1,618​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                    ​ ​​ ​ (1,654)​​ ​​ ​                    (15)​​ ​​ ​       15,203​​ ​​ ​        254​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                           ​ ​​ ​ (1,499​​
                                                                 ) ​​ ​                     (13​​
                                                                                               ) ​​ ​         (2,043​​
                                                                                                                    ) ​​ ​         (34​)
      Operational care & maintenance due to COVID-
        19﻿(iii)                                   ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​                       —​​ ​​ ​         (1,436)​​ ​​ ​       (24​)
        Other adjustments(v)                              ​ ​​ ​    (55)​​ ​​ ​              (1)​​ ​​ ​    66​​ ​​ ​                 1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)               ​ ​​$ 126,796​​ ​​$             1,141​​ ​​$ 108,501​​ ​​$              1,815​
      By-product metal revenues                           ​ ​​ ​   (825)​​ ​​ ​              (7)​​ ​​ ​  (295)​​ ​​ ​               (4​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               ​ ​​$ 125,971​​ ​​$             1,134​​ ​​$ 108,206​​ ​​$              1,811​

    Meadowbank complex                                            Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                             ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 983​​ ​​       ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 892​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​ $ 130,004​​ ​​ $ 132​​ ​​ $ 96,711​​ ​​ $ 108​
    Production costs (C$)                                 ​ ​​C$ 172,978​​ ​​ C$ 176​​ ​​C$ 122,465​​ ​​ C$ 137​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​ (2,226)​​ ​​   ​ (2)​​ ​​ ​ 18,808​​ ​​   ​ 21​
      Operational care and maintenance due to
        COVID-19 (C$)﻿(iii)                               ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​      ​ —​​ ​​ ​ (1,793)​​ ​​       ​  (2​)
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                            C$
                                                          ​ ​​   170,752 ​​ ​​ C$   174     C$
                                                                                        ​​ ​​  139,480 ​​ ​​ C$   156 ​

    Kittila mine                                                  Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                            ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​   63,692​​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​   45,508​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​$        53,295​​ ​​$         837​​ ​​$         49,451​​ ​​$       1,087​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                           ​ ​​ ​          (40)​​ ​​ ​        (1)​​ ​​ ​       (2,791)​​ ​​ ​       (62​)
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                  ​ ​​ ​         (633)​​ ​​ ​       (10)​​ ​​ ​          678​​ ​​ ​         15​
      Other adjustments(v)                                ​ ​​ ​       (1,223)​​ ​​ ​       (19)​​ ​​ ​           54​​ ​​ ​          1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)               ​ ​​$        51,399​​ ​​$         807​​ ​​$         47,392​​ ​​$       1,041​
      By-product metal revenues                           ​ ​​ ​          (69)​​ ​​ ​        (1)​​ ​​ ​          (89)​​ ​​ ​        (2​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               ​ ​​$        51,330​​ ​​$         806​​ ​​$         47,303​​ ​​$       1,039​


                                                           23
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Kittila mine                                                  Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                             ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​       496​​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​       461​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​$        53,295​​ ​​ $         107​​ ​​$         49,451​​ ​​ $         107​
    Production costs (€)                                  ​ ​​€        48,751​​ ​​ €          98​​ ​​€         43,908​​ ​​ €          95​
      Inventory adjustments (€)(ii)                       ​ ​​ ​         (114)​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​         (2,274)​​ ​​ ​         (5​)
    Minesite operating costs (€)                          ​ ​​€        48,637​​ ​​ €          98​​ ​​€         41,634​​ ​​ €          90​

    Detour Lake mine                                              Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                            ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​ 161,857​​ ​​ ​                 ​ ​ ​​ ​ 100,443​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​$ 114,022​​ ​​$                704​​ ​​$ 119,965​​ ​​$               1,194​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                           ​ ​​ ​    306​​ ​​ ​                 2​​ ​​ ​ (16,621)​​ ​​ ​             (166)​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                  ​ ​​ ​        3,554​​ ​​ ​          22​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​           —​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(iv)          ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​                —​​ ​​ ​ (46,147)​​ ​​ ​              (459)​
      Other adjustments(v)                                ​ ​​ ​   7,575​​ ​​ ​               47​​ ​​ ​   4,285​​ ​​ ​                43​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)               ​ ​​$ 125,457​​ ​​$                775​​ ​​$ 61,482​​ ​​$                  612​
      By-product metal revenues                           ​ ​​ ​    (682)​​ ​​ ​              (4)​​ ​​ ​ (1,205)​​ ​​ ​              (12​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               ​ ​​$  124,775 ​​ ​​$              771​​ ​​$ 60,277​​ ​​$                  600​

    Detour Lake mine                                              Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                             ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 6,397​​ ​​      ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 3,270​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​ $ 114,022​​ ​​ $               18​​ ​​ $ 119,965​​ ​​ $                37​
    Production costs (C$)                                 ​ ​​C$ 153,908​​ ​​ C$              24​​ ​​C$ 151,818​​ ​​ C$               46​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​     515​​ ​​ ​               —​​ ​​ ​ (21,072)​​ ​​ ​                (6​)
      Purchase price allocation to inventory (C$)(iv)     ​ ​​  ​     —​​ ​​ ​                —​​ ​​ ​ (58,400)​​ ​​ ​               (18)​
      Other adjustments (C$)(v)                           ​ ​​ ​ 8,765​​ ​​ ​                  2​​ ​​ ​ 5,400​​ ​​ ​                   2​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                         ​ ​​C$ 163,188​​ ​​ C$              26​​ ​​C$ 77,746​​ ​​ C$                24​

    Macassa mine                                                  Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                            ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​    64,115​​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​   24,488​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​$        37,959​​ ​​$          592​​ ​​$         32,314​​ ​​$        1,320​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                           ​ ​​ ​       (1,295)​​ ​​ ​        (20)​​ ​​ ​       (2,100)​​ ​​ ​        (86​)
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                  ​ ​​ ​        1,137​​ ​​ ​          18​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​           —​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(iv)          ​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​ (10,827)​​ ​​ ​              (442​)
      Other adjustments(v)                                ​ ​​ ​        1,144​​ ​​ ​          17​​ ​​ ​    (44)​​ ​​ ​                (2​)
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)               ​ ​​$        38,945​​ ​​$          607​​ ​​$ 19,343​​ ​​$                  790​
      By-product metal revenues                           ​ ​​ ​         (208)​​ ​​ ​         (3)​​ ​​ ​   (73)​​ ​​ ​                (3​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               ​ ​​$        38,737​​ ​​$          604​​ ​​$ 19,270​​ ​​$                  787​


                                                           24
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Macassa mine                                                  Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                             ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​      87​​ ​​      ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​       47​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​ $ 37,959​​ ​​ $ 436​​ ​​ $ 32,314​​ ​​ $ 689​
    Production costs (C$)                                 ​ ​​C$ 51,242​​ ​​ C$ 589​​ ​​C$ 40,830​​ ​​ C$ 871​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​ (1,717)​​ ​​     ​ (21)​​ ​​ ​ (2,644)​​ ​​    ​ (56​)
      Purchase price allocation to inventory (C$)(iv)     ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​      ​ —​​ ​​ ​ (13,578​​ ) ​​     ​ (290​)
      Other adjustments (C$)(v)                           ​ ​​ ​ 1,516​​ ​​       ​ 17​​ ​​ ​      (68)​​ ​​    ​   (2​)
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                         ​ ​​ C$ 51,041 ​​ ​​ C$   585 ​​ ​​C$ 24,540 ​​ ​​ C$    523 ​

    Fosterville mine                                              Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                            ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​   86,558​​ ​​ ​                  ​ ​ ​​ ​       81,827​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​$        36,599​​ ​​$            423​​ ​​$         88,001​​ ​​$           1,075​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                           ​ ​​ ​       (2,364)​​ ​​ ​          (27)​​ ​​ ​       (5,839)​​ ​​ ​           (71​)
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                  ​ ​​ ​          188​​ ​​ ​              2​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​              —​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(iv)          ​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​             —​​ ​​ ​ (56,677​​
                                                                                                                 ) ​​ ​                  (693​)
      Other adjustments(v)                                ​ ​​ ​           46​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​                     —​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)               ​ ​​$        34,469​​ ​​$            398​​ ​​$ 25,485​​ ​​$                     311​
      By-product metal revenues                           ​ ​​ ​         (157)​​ ​​ ​           (2)​​ ​​ ​  (188)​​ ​​ ​                   (2​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               ​ ​​$        34,312​​ ​​$            396​​ ​​$ 25,297​​ ​​$                     309​

    Fosterville mine                                              Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                             ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​ 148​​ ​​          ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​       91​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​ $ 36,599​​ ​​ $ 248​​ ​​ $ 88,001​​ ​​ $      963​
    Production costs (A$)                                 ​ ​​A$ 54,182​​ ​​ A$ 367​​ ​​A$ 117,226​​ ​​ A$ 1,283​
      Inventory adjustments (A$)(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​ (3,601​​
                                                                       ) ​​    ​ (24​​
                                                                                    ) ​​ ​ (8,205​​
                                                                                                  ) ​​ ​     (90​)
      Purchase price allocation to inventory (A$)(iv)     ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​    ​ —​​ ​​ ​ (75,500)​​ ​​ ​ (826​)
    Minesite operating costs (A$)                         ​ ​​A$ 50,581​​ ​​ A$ 343​​ ​​A$ 33,521​​ ​​ A$    367​

    Pinos Altos mine                                              Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                            ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                     ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​   24,134​​ ​​ ​                  ​ ​ ​​ ​       25,170​

    Production costs                                      ​ ​​$        32,922​​ ​​$          1,364​​ ​​$         32,536​​ ​​$           1,293​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                           ​ ​​ ​         (248​​
                                                                             ) ​​ ​            (10​​
                                                                                                  ) ​​ ​            799​​ ​​ ​             31​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                                  ​ ​​ ​         (453​​
                                                                             ) ​​ ​            (19​​
                                                                                                  ) ​​ ​           (234​​
                                                                                                                       ) ​​ ​              (9​)
      Other adjustments(v)                                ​ ​​ ​          292​​ ​​ ​            12​​ ​​ ​           303​​ ​​ ​             12​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)               ​ ​​$        32,513​​ ​​$          1,347​​ ​​$         33,404​​ ​​$           1,327​
      By-product metal revenues                           ​ ​​ ​       (5,574)​​ ​​ ​         (231)​​ ​​ ​       (6,263)​​ ​​ ​          (249​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               ​ ​​$        26,939​​ ​​$          1,116​​ ​​$         27,141​​ ​​$           1,078​


                                                           25
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                          For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Pinos Altos mine                                                 Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                                ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                        ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore processed (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​          364​​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​         384​

    Production costs                                         ​ ​​$        32,922​​ ​​ $             90​​ ​​$     32,536​​ ​​ $             85​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                              ​ ​​ ​         (248)​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​        799​​ ​​ ​              2​
    Minesite operating costs                                 ​ ​​$        32,674​​ ​​ $             90​​ ​​$     33,335​​ ​​ $             87​

    Creston Mascota mine                                                  Three Months Ended                     Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                               ​ ​            March 31, 2023              ​ ​        March 31, 2022             ​
    ​                                                        ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                                 ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          244​​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​        1,006​

    Production costs                                         ​ ​​ $           —​​ ​​ $              —​​ ​​ $        615​​ ​​ $            611​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                              ​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​              —​​ ​​ ​        (87)​​ ​​ ​           (87)​
      Other adjustments(v)                                   ​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​              —​​ ​​ ​         18​​ ​​ ​             18​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)                  ​ ​​ $           —​​ ​​ $              —​​ ​​ $        546​​ ​​ $            542​
      By-product metal revenues                              ​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​              —​​ ​​ ​       (135)​​ ​​ ​          (135​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                  ​ ​​ $           —​​ ​​ $              —​​ ​​ $        411​​ ​​ $            407​

    Creston Mascota mine                                             Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne(vi)                                            ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                        ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore processed (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​     ​          ​ ​ ​​     ​       —​​ ​​ ​            ​ ​ ​​     ​       —​

    Production costs                                         ​ ​​ $           —​​ ​​ $              —​​ ​​ $        615​​ ​​ $             —​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                              ​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​              —​​ ​​ ​        (87)​​ ​​ ​            —​
      Other adjustments(v)                                   ​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​              —​​ ​​ ​       (528)​​ ​​ ​            —​
    Minesite operating costs                                 ​ ​​ $           —​​ ​​ $              —​​ ​​ $         —​​ ​​ $              —​

    La India mine                                                    Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                               ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                        ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                                 ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​       16,321​​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​       21,702​

    Production costs                                         ​ ​​$        20,092​​ ​​$           1,231​​ ​​$     17,735​​ ​​$            817​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                              ​ ​​ ​        1,448​​ ​​ ​             89​​ ​​ ​       568​​ ​​ ​            26​
      Other adjustments(v)                                   ​ ​​ ​          129​​ ​​ ​              8​​ ​​ ​       196​​ ​​ ​             9​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)                  ​ ​​$        21,669​​ ​​$           1,328​​ ​​$     18,499​​ ​​$            852​
      By-product metal revenues                              ​ ​​ ​         (315)​​ ​​ ​           (20)​​ ​​ ​     (708)​​ ​​ ​          (32​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                  ​ ​​$        21,354​​ ​​$           1,308​​ ​​$     17,791​​ ​​$            820​

    La India mine                                                    Three Months Ended                Three Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                                ​ ​        March 31, 2023         ​ ​        March 31, 2022         ​
    ​                                                        ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​ ​ (thousands) ​ ​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore processed (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​​ ​              ​ ​ ​​ ​          660​​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​        1,563​

    Production costs                                         ​ ​​$        20,092​​ ​​ $             30​​ ​​$     17,735​​ ​​ $             11​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                              ​ ​​ ​        1,448​​ ​​ ​              3​​ ​​ ​       568​​ ​​ ​              1​
    Minesite operating costs                                 ​ ​​$        21,540​​ ​​ $             33​​ ​​$     18,303​​ ​​ $             12​

                                                              26
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                          For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    ​




    Notes:
    (i)    The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex to and including
           March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.
    (ii)   Under the Company’s revenue recognition policy, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized upon the transfer of
           control over metals sold to the customer. As the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced are calculated on a production basis,
           an inventory adjustment is made to reflect the portion of production not yet recognized as revenue.
    (iii) This adjustment reflects the costs associated with the temporary suspension of mining activities at the Company’s mine sites in
          response to the COVID-19 pandemic and includes primarily payroll and other incidental costs associated with maintaining the
          sites and properties, and payroll costs associated with employees who were not working during the period of reduced or
          suspended operations. These expenses also include payroll costs of employees who could not work following the period of
          temporary suspension or reduced operations due to the Company’s effort to prevent or curtail community transmission of
          COVID-19. These costs were previously classified as “other adjustments” and have now been disclosed separately to provide
          additional detail on the reconciliation, allowing investors to better understand the impact of such events on the total cash costs
          per ounce and minesite cost per tonne.
    (iv) On February 8, 2022, the Company completed the Merger and this adjustment reflects the fair value allocated to inventory on the
         purchase price allocation.
    (v)    Other adjustments consists of costs associated with a 5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Canadian Malartic complex, a 2%
           in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Detour Lake mine, a 1.5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Macassa mine, smelting,
           refining, and marketing charges to production costs.
    (vi) The Creston Mascota mine’s cost calculations per tonne for the three months ended March 31, 2022 exclude approximately
         $0.5 million of production costs incurred during the period, following the ceasing of mining activities at the Bravo pit during the
         third quarter of 2020.


    All-in Sustaining Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s use of the non-GAAP measure all-
    in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced.

    The following tables set out a reconciliation of production costs to the Company’s use of the non-GAAP
    measure all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and
    March 31, 2022 on both a by-product basis (deducting by-product metal revenues from production costs)
    and co-product basis (without deducting by-product metal revenues).




                                                                       27
​




                                              AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                            (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                           For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Reconciliation of Production Costs to All-in Sustaining Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced
                                                                                                                          Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                                                           ​ ​            March 31,          ​
    (United States dollars per ounce of gold produced, except where noted)                                       ​ ​      2023    ​ ​      2022   ​
    Production costs per the condensed interim consolidated statements of income
      (thousands of United States dollars)                                                                       ​ ​​$653,144​​ ​​$661,735​
    Gold production (ounces)                                                                                     ​ ​​ ​812,813​​ ​​ ​660,604​

    Production costs per ounce of adjusted gold production                                                       ​ ​​$       804​​ ​​$ 1,002​
    Adjustments:                                                                                                 ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​
      Inventory adjustments(i)                                                                                   ​ ​​ ​       30​​ ​​ ​   10​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(ii)                                                                 ​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​ (172​)
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of production costs                                                    ​ ​​ ​        6​​ ​​ ​   (6​)
      Operational care and maintenance costs due to COVID-19(iii)                                                ​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​    (2​)
      Other(iv)                                                                                                  ​ ​​ ​       21​​ ​​ ​   22​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (co-product basis)(v)                                            ​ ​​$       861​​ ​​$       854​
      By-product metal revenues                                                                                  ​ ​​ ​      (29)​​ ​​ ​     (43)​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (by-product basis)(v)                                            ​ ​​$     832​​ ​​$      811​
    Adjustments:                                                                                                 ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
     Sustaining capital expenditures (including capitalized exploration)                                         ​ ​​  ​   215 ​​ ​​  ​   151 ​
     General and administrative expenses (including stock option expense)                                        ​ ​​ ​     59​​ ​​ ​     102​
     Non-cash reclamation provision and sustaining leases(vi)                                                    ​ ​​ ​     19​​ ​​ ​      15​
    All-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced (by-product basis)                                        ​ ​​$   1,125 ​​ ​​$   1,079 ​
          By-product metal revenues                                                                              ​ ​​  ​    29 ​​ ​​  ​    43 ​
    All-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced (co-product basis)                                        ​ ​​$ 1,154​​ ​​$ 1,122​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)     Under the Company’s revenue recognition policy, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized upon the transfer of
            control over metals sold to the customer. As the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced are calculated on a production basis,
            an inventory adjustment is made to reflect the portion of production not yet recognized as revenue.
    (ii)    On February 8, 2022 the Company completed the Merger and this adjustment reflects the fair value allocated to inventory on the
            purchase price allocation.
    (iii) This adjustment reflects the costs associated with the temporary suspension of mining activities at the Company’s mine sites in
          response to the COVID-19 pandemic which primarily includes payroll and other incidental costs associated with maintaining the
          sites and properties, and payroll costs associated with employees who were not working during the period of reduced or
          suspended operations. These costs were previously classified as “other adjustments” and have now been disclosed separately to
          provide additional detail on the reconciliation, allowing investors to better understand the impact of such events on the total cash
          costs per ounce and minesite cost per tonne.
    (iv) Other adjustments consists of costs associated with a 5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Canadian Malartic complex, a 2%
         in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Detour Lake mine, a 1.5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Macassa mine, smelting,
         refining and marketing charges to production costs.
    (v)     The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to
            data reported by other gold producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold
            Produced and Minesite Costs per Tonne for more information on the Company’s use of total cash cost per ounce of gold
            produced.
    (vi) Sustaining leases are lease payments related to sustaining assets.




                                                                        28
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                         For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Operating Margin

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s use of the non-GAAP measure
    operating margin.

    The following table sets out a reconciliation of net income to operating margin for the three months ended
    March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022.

    ​                                                                     ​​        Three Months Ended March 31, 2023                           ​
                                                                             Revenues from
                                                                                Mining       Production                       Operating
    ​                                                                     ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs                  ​​       Margin           ​
    LaRonde mine                                                          ​ ​ ​$ 102,220        ​​ ​   ​$ (39,707) ​​ ​      ​$   62,513        ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 29,522        ​​ ​   ​ ​ (22,224) ​​ ​     ​​    7,298        ​
    Canadian Malartic complex(ii)                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 138,074       ​​ ​   ​ ​ (57,291) ​​ ​     ​​   80,783        ​
    Goldex mine                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 68,063        ​​ ​   ​ ​ (27,835) ​​ ​     ​​   40,228        ​
    Meliadine mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 169,534       ​​ ​   ​ ​ (81,194) ​​ ​     ​​   88,340        ​
    Meadowbank complex                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 209,813       ​​ ​   ​ ​(130,004) ​​ ​     ​​   79,809        ​
    Kittila mine                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 116,019       ​​ ​   ​ ​ (53,295) ​​ ​     ​ ​ 62,724         ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 306,595       ​​ ​   ​ ​(114,022) ​​ ​     ​ ​ 192,573        ​
    Macassa mine                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 117,859       ​​ ​   ​ ​ (37,959) ​​ ​     ​ ​ 79,900         ​
    Fosterville mine                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 169,301       ​​ ​   ​ ​ (36,599) ​​ ​     ​ ​ 132,702        ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 51,448        ​​ ​   ​ ​ (32,922) ​​ ​     ​ ​ 18,526         ​
    La India mine                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 31,213        ​​ ​   ​ ​ (20,092) ​​ ​     ​ ​ 11,121         ​
    Segment totals                                                        ​ ​ ​$ 1,509,661      ​​ ​   ​$(653,144) ​​ ​      ​$ 856,517         ​
    Corporate and other:                                                  ​​ ​ ​             ​ ​​ ​    ​​         ​   ​​ ​   ​​             ​   ​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                                             ​​     ​​   53,768        ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development                                                             ​​     ​ ​ 303,959        ​
    General and administrative                                                                                        ​​     ​ ​ 48,208   ​
    Finance costs                                                                                                     ​​     ​​   23,448 ​
    Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                          ​​     ​​   (6,539) ​
    Environmental remediation                                                                                         ​​     ​​     (557) ​
    Foreign currency translation loss                                                                                 ​​     ​​      220 ​
    Care and maintenance                                                                                              ​​     ​​   11,245 ​
    Revaluation gain                                                                                                  ​​     ​ ​(1,543,414) ​
    Other expenses                                                                                                    ​​     ​ ​ 20,680 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                                   ​​     ​ ​ 128,608 ​
    Net income per condensed interim consolidated statements of income                                                ​​     ​$ 1,816,891       ​




                                                                     29
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                          For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    ​                                                                                  ​​        Three Months Ended March 31, 2022(i)              ​
                                                                                           Revenues from
                                                                                              Mining       Production                Operating
    ​                                                                                   ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs              ​​    Margin       ​
    LaRonde mine                                                                        ​ ​ ​$ 149,405    ​​ ​   ​$ (45,841) ​​ ​    ​$103,564     ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 33,389    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (16,733) ​​ ​   ​ ​ 16,656    ​
    Canadian Malartic complex(ii)                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 136,239   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (56,937) ​​ ​   ​ ​ 79,302    ​
    Goldex mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 63,335    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (26,217) ​​ ​   ​ ​ 37,118    ​
    Meliadine mine                                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 162,958   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (78,679) ​​ ​   ​ ​ 84,279    ​
    Meadowbank complex                                                                  ​​ ​ ​   91,513   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (96,711) ​​ ​   ​ ​ (5,198)   ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                                       ​​ ​ ​      144   ​​ ​   ​​       — ​​ ​     ​​     144    ​
    Kittila mine                                                                        ​​ ​ ​   95,562   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (49,451) ​​ ​   ​ ​ 46,111    ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 248,023   ​​ ​   ​ ​(119,965) ​​ ​   ​ ​128,058    ​
    Macassa mine                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 56,469    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (32,314) ​​ ​   ​ ​ 24,155    ​
    Fosterville mine                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 194,857   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (88,001) ​​ ​   ​ ​106,856    ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 51,967    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (32,536) ​​ ​   ​ ​ 19,431    ​
    Creston Mascota mine                                                                ​​ ​ ​    1,792   ​​ ​   ​​     (615) ​​ ​   ​ ​ 1,177     ​
    La India mine                                                                       ​​ ​ ​   40,035   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (17,735) ​​ ​   ​ ​ 22,300    ​
    Segment totals                                                                      ​ ​ ​$1,325,688   ​​ ​   ​$(661,735) ​​ ​    ​$663,953     ​
    Corporate and other:                                                                                                                           ​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                                                       ​​   ​ ​ 65,842    ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development                                                                       ​​   ​ ​255,644    ​
    General and administrative                                                                                                  ​​   ​ ​ 67,542    ​
    Finance costs                                                                                                               ​​   ​ ​ 22,653    ​
    Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                                    ​​   ​ ​(28,664)   ​
    Environmental remediation                                                                                                   ​​   ​ ​ (2,299)   ​
    Foreign currency translation loss                                                                                           ​​   ​ ​ 1,210     ​
    Care and maintenance                                                                                                        ​​   ​ ​ 10,456    ​
    Other expenses                                                                                                              ​​   ​ ​ 91,898    ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                                             ​​   ​ ​ 60,595    ​
    Net income per condensed interim consolidated statements of income                                                          ​​   ​$119,076     ​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)    Certain previously reported line items have been restated to reflect the final purchase price allocation of the Merger.
    (ii)   The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex to and including
           March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.




                                                                        30
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                         For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

    Sustaining Capital Expenditures and Development Capital Expenditures

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s use of the non-GAAP measures
    sustaining capital expenditures and development capital expenditures.
                                                                                                                  Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                                                      ​ ​         March 31,     ​
    (thousands of United States dollars)                                                                    ​ ​    2023   ​ ​   2022    ​
    LaRonde mine                                                                                            ​ ​​ 14,887​​ ​​ 18,666​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                                     ​ ​​ 1,107​​ ​​ 2,737​
    Canadian Malartic complex(i)                                                                            ​ ​​ 16,584​​ ​​ 10,734​
    Goldex mine                                                                                             ​ ​​​ 4,822​​ ​​​ 6,627​
    Meliadine mine                                                                                          ​ ​​​ 15,086​​ ​​​ 9,081​
    Meadowbank complex                                                                                      ​ ​​ 35,631​​ ​​ 10,804​
    Hope Bay mine                                                                                           ​ ​​​      2​​ ​​​      —​
    Kittila mine                                                                                            ​ ​​​ 10,335 ​​ ​​​ 11,350 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                                                        ​ ​​ 53,284​​ ​​ 12,642​
    Macassa mine                                                                                            ​ ​​ 6,648​​ ​​ 4,657​
    Fosterville mine                                                                                        ​ ​​ 7,969​​ ​​ 8,707​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                                                        ​ ​​ 8,250​​ ​​ 4,907​
    La India mine                                                                                           ​ ​​      27​​ ​​      814​
    Sustaining capital expenditures                                                                         ​ ​​174,632​​ ​​101,726​
    LaRonde mine                                                                                            ​ ​​ 9,347​​ ​​ 12,463​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                                     ​ ​​ 5,947​​ ​​ 3,434​
    Canadian Malartic complex(i)                                                                            ​ ​​ 31,021​​ ​​ 22,752​
    Goldex mine                                                                                             ​ ​​ 9,289​​ ​​ 5,608​
    Akasaba mine                                                                                            ​ ​​ 10,369​​ ​​        —​
    Meliadine mine                                                                                          ​ ​​ 17,880​​ ​​ 13,605​
    Meadowbank complex                                                                                      ​ ​​      —​​ ​​       819​
    Amaruq Underground Project                                                                              ​ ​​     331​​ ​​ 15,361​
    Hope Bay mine                                                                                           ​ ​​     475​​ ​​       —​
    Kittila mine                                                                                            ​ ​​ 10,696​​ ​​ 10,536​
    Detour Lake mine                                                                                        ​ ​​ 31,075​​ ​​ 28,860​
    Macassa mine                                                                                            ​ ​​ 28,413​​ ​​ 17,056​
    Fosterville mine                                                                                        ​ ​​ 9,104​​ ​​ 8,483​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                                                        ​ ​​ 2,793​​ ​​ 5,918​
    La India mine                                                                                           ​ ​​​     —​​ ​​​ 1,841​
    Other                                                                                                   ​ ​​​    363 ​​ ​​​ 1,623​
    Development capital expenditures                                                                        ​ ​​167,103​​ ​​148,359​
    Total capital expenditures                                                                              ​ ​​341,735​​ ​​250,085​
    Working capital adjustments                                                                             ​ ​​​ 43,199​​ ​​​ 43,066​
    Additions to property, plant and mine development per the condensed interim
      consolidated statements of cash flow                                                                  ​ ​​384,934​​ ​​293,151​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)   The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex to and including
          March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.



                                                                   31
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                          SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                               (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)
                                                                                        Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                         ​ ​            March 31,              ​
    ​                                                                          ​ ​      2023      ​ ​     2022(i)   ​
                        (ii)
    Operating margin :                                                         ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
     Revenues from mining operations                                           ​ ​​$ 1,509,661​​ ​​$ 1,325,688​
     Production costs                                                          ​ ​​ ​ 653,144​​ ​​ ​ 661,735​
        Total operating margin(ii)                                             ​ ​​ ​ 856,517​​ ​​ ​ 663,953​
                        (ii)
    Operating margin by mine:                                                  ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
     LaRonde mine                                                                 $
                                                                               ​ ​​    62,513 ​​ ​​$   103,564 ​
     LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                       ​ ​​ ​   7,298​​ ​​ ​ 16,656​
     Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                                            ​ ​​ ​ 80,783​​ ​​ ​ 79,302​
     Goldex mine                                                               ​ ​​ ​ 40,228​​ ​​ ​ 37,118​
     Meliadine mine                                                            ​ ​​ ​ 88,340​​ ​​ ​ 84,279​
     Meadowbank complex                                                        ​ ​​ ​ 79,809​​ ​​ ​ (5,198​)
     Hope Bay project                                                          ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​        144​
     Kittila mine                                                              ​ ​​ ​ 62,724​​ ​​ ​ 46,111​
     Detour Lake mine                                                          ​ ​​ ​ 192,573​​ ​​ ​ 128,058​
     Macassa mine                                                              ​ ​​ ​ 79,900​​ ​​ ​ 24,155​
     Fosterville mine                                                          ​ ​​ ​ 132,702​​ ​​ ​ 106,856​
     Pinos Altos mine                                                          ​ ​​ ​ 18,526​​ ​​ ​ 19,431​
     Creston Mascota mine                                                      ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      1,177​
     La India mine                                                             ​ ​​ ​  11,121 ​​ ​​  ​  22,300 ​
    Total operating margin(ii)                                                 ​ ​​ ​ 856,517​​ ​​ ​ 663,953​
    Amortization of property, plant and mine development                       ​ ​​ ​ 303,959​​ ​​ ​ 255,644​
    Revaluation gain(iv)                                                       ​ ​​ ​(1,543,414)​​ ​​ ​      —​
    Exploration, corporate and other                                           ​ ​​ ​   150,473 ​​ ​​ ​ 228,638 ​
    Income before income and mining taxes                                      ​ ​​ ​ 1,945,499​​ ​​ ​ 179,671​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                            ​ ​​ ​ 128,608​​ ​​ ​ 60,595​
    Net income for the period                                                  ​ ​​$ 1,816,891​​ ​​$ 119,076​
    Net income per share — basic                                               ​ ​​$       3.87​​ ​​$          0.31​
    Net income per share — diluted                                             ​ ​​$       3.86​​ ​​$          0.31​
    Cash flows:                                                                ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​
    Cash provided by operating activities                                      ​ ​​$ 649,613​​ ​​$ 507,432​
    Cash (used in) provided by investing activities                            ​ ​​$ (1,398,745)​​ ​​$ 535,652​
    Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                            ​ ​​$ 836,433​​ ​​$ (167,858​)
    Realized prices:                                                           ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​
    Gold (per ounce)                                                           ​ ​​$      1,892​​ ​​$       1,880​
    Silver (per ounce)                                                         ​ ​​$      22.95​​ ​​$       24.11​
    Zinc (per tonne)                                                           ​ ​​$      3,169​​ ​​$       3,480​
    Copper (per tonne)                                                         ​ ​​$     10,113​​ ​​$      10,243​




                                                       32
​




                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                       SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                            (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                                          Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                            ​ ​           March 31,     ​
    ​                                                                             ​ ​      2023   ​ ​    2022   ​
    Payable production(v):                                                        ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​        ​
    Gold (ounces):                                                                ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​        ​
     LaRonde mine                                                                 ​ ​​​ 59,533 ​​ ​​​ 87,549 ​
     LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                          ​ ​​​ 20,074​​ ​​​ 17,488​
     Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                                               ​ ​​ 80,685​​ ​​ 80,509​
      Goldex mine                                                                 ​ ​​ 34,023​​ ​​ 34,445​
      Meliadine mine                                                              ​ ​​ 90,467​​ ​​ 80,704​
      Meadowbank complex                                                          ​ ​​111,110​​ ​​ 59,765​
      Kittila mine                                                                ​ ​​ 63,692​​ ​​ 45,508​
      Detour Lake mine                                                            ​ ​​161,857​​ ​​100,443​
      Macassa mine                                                                ​ ​​ 64,115​​ ​​ 24,488​
      Fosterville mine                                                            ​ ​​ 86,558​​ ​​ 81,827​
      Pinos Altos mine                                                            ​ ​​ 24,134​​ ​​ 25,170​
      Creston Mascota mine                                                        ​ ​​     244​​ ​​ 1,006​
      La India mine                                                               ​ ​​​ 16,321 ​​ ​​​ 21,702​
    Total gold (ounces)                                                           ​ ​​​
                                                                                      8 12,813 ​​ ​​​660,604​
    Silver (thousands of ounces):                                                 ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​ ​
      LaRonde mine                                                                ​ ​​       139​​ ​​
                                                                                                    153​
      LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                         ​ ​​​        6​​ ​​​2​
      Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                                              ​ ​​        53​​ ​​74​
        Goldex mine                                                               ​ ​​         1​​ ​​ 1​
        Meliadine mine                                                            ​ ​​         8​​ ​​ 9​
        Meadowbank complex                                                        ​ ​​        34​​ ​​18​
        Kittila mine                                                              ​ ​​         3​​ ​​ 3​
        Detour Lake mine                                                          ​ ​​        26​​ ​​50​
        Macassa mine                                                              ​ ​​         6​​ ​​ 3​
        Fosterville mine                                                          ​ ​​         6​​ ​​ 8​
        Pinos Altos mine                                                          ​ ​​       248​​ ​​
                                                                                                    256​
        Creston Mascota mine                                                      ​ ​​         1​​ ​​ 4​
        La India mine                                                             ​ ​​        14​​ ​​28​
    Total silver (thousands of ounces)                                            ​ ​​   545​​ ​​   609​
    Zinc (tonnes)                                                                 ​ ​​ 2,287​​ ​​ 1,069​
    Copper (tonnes)                                                               ​ ​​   530​​ ​​   769​




                                                    33
​




                                     AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                        SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                             (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                                         Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                             ​ ​         March 31,     ​
    ​                                                                              ​ ​    2023   ​ ​   2022   ​
    Payable metal sold(vi):                                                        ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​        ​
    Gold (ounces):                                                                 ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​        ​
     LaRonde mine                                                                  ​ ​​​ 48,162 ​​ ​​​ 70,967 ​
     LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                           ​ ​​​ 15,461​​ ​​​ 17,595​
     Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                                                ​ ​​ 71,809​​ ​​ 72,268​
      Goldex mine                                                                  ​ ​​ 35,917​​ ​​ 33,884​
      Meliadine mine                                                               ​ ​​ 89,586​​ ​​ 87,772​
      Meadowbank complex                                                           ​ ​​110,025​​ ​​ 48,755​
      Hope Bay mine                                                                ​ ​​      —​​ ​​        98​
      Kittila mine                                                                 ​ ​​ 60,720​​ ​​ 51,615​
      Detour Lake mine                                                             ​ ​​163,294​​ ​​131,837​
      Macassa mine                                                                 ​ ​​ 62,928​​ ​​ 29,530​
      Fosterville mine                                                             ​ ​​ 89,000​​ ​​101,950​
      Pinos Altos mine                                                             ​ ​​ 24,236​​ ​​ 24,787​
      Creston Mascota mine                                                         ​ ​​      —​​ ​​       855​
      La India mine                                                                ​ ​​ 16,420​​ ​​ 21,009​
    Total gold (ounces)                                                            ​ ​​​787,558​​ ​​​692,922​
    Silver (thousands of ounces):                                                  ​ ​​       ​ ​ ​​     ​
      LaRonde mine                                                                 ​ ​​​  140 ​​ ​​​ 160 ​
      LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                          ​ ​​​    6​​ ​​​    4​
      Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                                               ​ ​​    50​​ ​​    79​
      Goldex mine                                                                  ​ ​​     1​​ ​​     1​
      Meliadine mine                                                               ​ ​​     9​​ ​​     9​
      Meadowbank complex                                                           ​ ​​    36​​ ​​    12​
      Kittila mine                                                                 ​ ​​     3​​ ​​     4​
      Detour Lake mine                                                             ​ ​​    30​​ ​​    50​
      Macassa mine                                                                 ​ ​​     9​​ ​​     3​
      Fosterville mine                                                             ​ ​​     7​​ ​​     8​
      Pinos Altos mine                                                             ​ ​​   247​​ ​​   249​
      Creston Mascota mine                                                         ​ ​​    —​​ ​​      7​
      La India mine                                                                ​ ​​​   14 ​​ ​​​  26 ​
    Total silver (thousands of ounces)                                             ​ ​​​  552​​ ​​​  612​
    Zinc (tonnes)                                                                  ​ ​​ 2,131​​ ​​ 1,034​
    Copper (tonnes)                                                                ​ ​​   568​​ ​​   766​




                                                     34
​




                                           AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                              SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                   (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                                                                            Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                                                                ​ ​         March 31,     ​
    ​                                                                                                                 ​ ​    2023     ​ ​   2022   ​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced — co-product basis(vii):                                              ​ ​​​       ​​​ ​ ​ ​     ​​
          LaRonde mine                                                                                                ​ ​ ​$1,136 ​​ ​ ​$ 674 ​
          LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​1,168 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 979 ​
          Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 808 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 813 ​
          Goldex mine                                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 810 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 777 ​
          Meliadine mine                                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 940 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,005 ​
          Meadowbank complex                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​1,141 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,815 ​
          Kittila mine                                                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 807 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,041 ​
          Detour Lake mine                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 775 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 612 ​
          Macassa mine                                                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 607 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 790 ​
          Fosterville mine                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 398 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 311 ​
          Pinos Altos mine                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​1,347 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,327 ​
          Creston Mascota mine                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​​ ​ ​ ​ 542 ​
          La India mine                                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​1,328 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 852 ​
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced                                                      ​ ​ ​$ 861 ​​ ​ ​$ 854 ​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced — by-product basis(vii):                                              ​ ​​​       ​​​ ​ ​ ​     ​​
          LaRonde mine                                                                                                ​ ​ ​$ 892 ​​ ​ ​$ 478 ​
          LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​1,154 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 973 ​
          Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 794 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 792 ​
          Goldex mine                                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 810 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 777 ​
          Meliadine mine                                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 937 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,002 ​
          Meadowbank complex                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​1,134 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,811 ​
          Kittila mine                                                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 806 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,039 ​
          Detour Lake mine                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 771 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 600 ​
          Macassa mine                                                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 604 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 787 ​
          Fosterville mine                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 396 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 309 ​
          Pinos Altos mine                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​1,116 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,078 ​
          Creston Mascota mine                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​​ ​ ​ ​ 407 ​
          La India mine                                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​1,308 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 820 ​
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced                                                      ​ ​ ​$ 832 ​​ ​ ​$ 811 ​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)     Certain previously reported line items have been restated to reflect the final purchase price allocation of the Merger.
    (ii)    Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data reported by other gold
            producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Operating Margin and Note to Investors Concerning Certain
            Measures of Performance for more information on the Company’s use of operating margin.
    (iii) The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex to and including
          March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.
    (iv) Revaluation gain on the 50% interest the Company owned in Canadian Malartic complex prior to the Yamana Transaction.
    (v)     Payable production (a non-GAAP non-financial performance measure) is the quantity of mineral produced during a period
            contained in products that are or will be sold by the Company, whether such products are sold during the period or held as
            inventories at the end of the period.
    (vi) The Canadian Malartic complex’s payable metal sold excludes the 5.0% net smelter return royalty held by Osisko Gold
         Royalties Ltd. The Detour Lake mine’s payable metal sold excludes the 2% net smelter royalty held by Franco-Nevada
         Corporation. The Macassa mine’s payable metal sold excludes the 1.5% net smelter royalty held by Franco-Nevada Corporation.



                                                                         35
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                          SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                               (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

    (vii) The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to
          data reported by other gold producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold
          Produced and Minesite Costs per Tonne and Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance for more
          information on the Company’s calculation and use of total cash cost per ounce of gold produced.




                                                                    36
​




                                                     AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                        SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                             (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

    ​                                            ​​                                         Three Months Ended                                        ​
                                                     June 30, September 30, December 31, March 31,      June 30, September 30, December 31, March 31,
    ​                                             ​​ 2021(iii) ​​ 2021(iii) ​​  2021    ​​ 2022(iii) ​​ 2022(iii) ​​ 2022(iii) ​​ 2022(iii) ​​ 2023   ​
    Operating margin(i):                  ​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​​ ​         ​​​ ​         ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​​​​​ ​          ​
    Revenues from mining operations       ​​​$ 984,653​​​ ​$ 983,818 ​​​ ​$ 951,531 ​​​​$ 1,325,688​​​​$ 1,581,058​​​ $1,449,697 ​​​ ​$ 1,384,719 ​​​​$ 1,509,661​
    Production costs                      ​​​ ​ 433,050​​​ ​ ​ 455,627 ​​​ ​ ​ 467,068 ​​​​ ​ 661,735​​​​ ​ 657,636​​​ ​ 657,073 ​​​ ​ ​ 666,877 ​​​​ ​ 653,144​
    Total operating margin(i)             ​​​ ​ 551,603​​​ ​ ​ 528,191 ​​​ ​ ​ 484,463 ​​​​ ​ 663,953​​​​ ​ 923,422​​​ ​ 792,624 ​​​ ​ ​ 717,842 ​​​​ ​ 856,517​
    Operating margin(i) by mine:          ​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​​ ​         ​​​ ​         ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​​​​​ ​          ​
    Quebec                                ​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​​ ​         ​​​ ​         ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​​​​​ ​          ​
      LaRonde mine                        ​​​ ​ 115,617​​​ ​ ​ 125,770 ​​​ ​ ​ 87,070 ​​​​ ​ 103,564​​​​ ​ 90,877​​​ ​ 77,180 ​​​ ​ ​ 68,917 ​​​​ ​ 62,513​
      LaRonde Zone 5 mine                 ​​​ ​ 15,252​​​ ​ ​ 19,449 ​​​ ​ ​ 17,557 ​​​​ ​ 16,656​​​​ ​        7,866​​​ ​ 20,137 ​​​ ​ ​ 12,814 ​​​​ ​         7,298​
      Canadian Malartic complex(ii)       ​​​ ​ 109,579​​​ ​ ​ 93,439 ​​​ ​ ​ 96,252 ​​​​ ​ 79,302​​​​ ​ 104,461​​​ ​ 72,905 ​​​ ​ ​ 83,535 ​​​​ ​ 80,783​
      Goldex mine                         ​​​ ​ 37,881​​​ ​ ​ 29,421 ​​​ ​ ​ 39,182 ​​​​ ​ 37,118​​​​ ​ 41,656​​​ ​ 32,375 ​​​ ​ ​ 35,533 ​​​​ ​ 40,228​
      Meliadine mine                      ​​​ ​ 109,932​​​ ​ ​ 90,884 ​​​ ​ ​ 115,912 ​​​​ ​ 84,279​​​​ ​ 96,740​​​ ​ 83,469 ​​​ ​ ​ 95,084 ​​​​ ​ 88,340​
      Meadowbank complex                  ​​​ ​ 56,063​​​ ​ ​ 52,087 ​​​ ​ ​ 25,872 ​​​​ ​ (5,198)​​​​ ​ 68,044​​​ ​ 97,092 ​​​ ​ ​ 42,402 ​​​​ ​ 79,809​
      Hope Bay mine                       ​​​ ​ 14,396​​​ ​ ​ 11,633 ​​​ ​ ​ (4,938) ​​​​ ​       144​​​​ ​       —​​​ ​         — ​​​ ​ ​        — ​​​​ ​        —​
      Kittila mine                        ​​​ ​ 51,438​​​ ​ ​ 57,362 ​​​ ​ ​ 54,411 ​​​​ ​ 46,111​​​​ ​ 67,611​​​ ​ 58,762 ​​​ ​ ​ 24,524 ​​​​ ​ 62,724​
      Detour Lake mine                    ​​​ ​      —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​ 128,058​​​​ ​ 214,841​​​ ​ 170,834 ​​​ ​ ​ 185,305 ​​​​ ​ 192,573​
      Macassa mine                        ​​​ ​      —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​ 24,155​​​​ ​ 74,778​​​ ​ 54,294 ​​​ ​ ​ 44,027 ​​​​ ​ 79,900​
      Fosterville mine                    ​​​ ​      —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​ 106,856​​​​ ​ 125,442​​​ ​ 103,457 ​​​ ​ ​ 104,967 ​​​​ ​ 132,702​
      Pinos Altos mine                    ​​​ ​ 31,905​​​ ​ ​ 31,971 ​​​ ​ ​ 27,656 ​​​​ ​ 19,431​​​​ ​ 11,487​​​ ​ 11,030 ​​​ ​ ​ 13,393 ​​​​ ​ 18,526​
      Creston Mascota mine                ​​​ ​ 5,171​​​ ​ ​ 4,186 ​​​ ​ ​ 2,628 ​​​​ ​         1,177​​​​ ​      642​​​ ​       487 ​​​ ​ ​      227 ​​​​ ​       —​
      La India mine                       ​​​ ​ 4,369​​​ ​ ​ 11,989 ​​​ ​ ​ 22,861 ​​​​ ​ 22,300​​​​ ​ 18,977​​​ ​ 10,602 ​​​ ​ ​              7,114 ​​​​ ​ 11,121​
    Total operating margin(i)             ​​​ ​ 551,603​​​ ​ ​ 528,191 ​​​ ​ ​ 484,463 ​​​​ ​ 663,953​​​​ ​ 923,422​​​ ​ 792,624 ​​​ ​ ​ 717,842 ​​​​ ​ 856,517​
    Impairment loss                       ​​​ ​      —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​       —​​​​ ​        —​​​ ​         — ​​​ ​ ​ 55,000 ​​​​ ​          —​
    Amortization of property, plant and
      mine development                    ​​​ ​ 176,946​​​ ​ ​ 191,771 ​​​ ​ ​ 191,619 ​​​​ ​ 255,644​​​​ ​ 269,891​​​ ​ 283,486 ​​​ ​ ​ 285,670 ​​​​ ​ 303,959​
    Revaluation gain                      ​​​ ​      —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​       —​​​​ ​        —​​​ ​         — ​​​ ​ ​        — ​​​​ ​(1,543,414​)
    Exploration, corporate and other      ​​​ ​ 81,592​​​ ​ ​ 129,148 ​​​ ​ ​ 103,623 ​​​​ ​ 228,638​​​​ ​ 196,680​​​ ​ 293,149 ​​​ ​ ​ 114,260 ​​​​ ​ 150,473​
    Income before income and mining taxes ​​​ ​ 293,065​​​ ​ ​ 207,272 ​​​ ​ ​ 189,221 ​​​​ ​ 179,671​​​​ ​ 456,851​​​ ​ 215,989 ​​​ ​ ​ 262,912 ​​​​ ​ 1,945,499​
    Income and mining taxes expense       ​​​ ​ 96,674​​​ ​ ​ 88,315 ​​​ ​ ​ 87,863 ​​​​ ​ 60,595​​​​ ​ 166,462​​​ ​ 149,311 ​​​ ​ ​ 68,806 ​​​​ ​ 128,608​
    Net income for the period             ​​​$ 196,391​​​ ​$ 118,957 ​​​ ​$ 101,358 ​​​​$ 119,076​​​​$ 290,389​​​ $ 66,678 ​​​ ​$ 194,106 ​​​​$ 1,816,891​
    Net income per share — basic          ​​​$     0.81​​​ ​$     0.49 ​​​ ​$     0.41 ​​​​$     0.31​​​​$      0.64​​​ $      0.15 ​​​ ​$      0.43 ​​​​$      3.87​
    Net income per share — diluted        ​​​$     0.80​​​ ​$     0.49 ​​​ ​$     0.41 ​​​​$     0.31​​​​$      0.64​​​ $      0.15 ​​​ ​$      0.43 ​​​​$      3.86​
    Cash flows:                           ​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​​ ​         ​​​ ​         ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​​​​​ ​          ​
    Cash provided by operating activities ​​​$ 419,376​​​ ​$ 297,176 ​​​ ​$ 262,114 ​​​​$ 507,432​​​​$ 633,266​​​ $ 575,438 ​​​ ​$ 380,500 ​​​​$ 649,613​
    Cash (used in) provided by investing
      activities                          ​​​$(210,068​​​
                                                       ) ​$(268,213) ​​​ ​$(247,599) ​​​​$ 535,652​​​​$ (394,129​​​  ) $ (439,296) ​​​ ​$ (412,685)​​​​$ (1,398,745​)
    Cash (used in) provided by financing
      activities                          ​​​$ (64,161)​​​ ​$ (62,404) ​​​ ​$ (70,543) ​​​​$ (167,858)​​​​$ (294,307)​​​ $ (317,985) ​​​ ​$ (134,703)​​​​$ 836,433​
                ​




                Notes:
                (i)    Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data reported by other gold
                       producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Operating Margin and Note to Investors Concerning Certain
                       Measures of Performance for more information on the Company’s use of operating margin.
                (ii)   The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex to and including
                       March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.
                (iii) Certain previously reported line items for quarters ended in 2021 have been restated to reflect the final purchase price allocation
                      of the February 2, 2021 acquisition of TMAC and to reflect the retrospective application of amendments to IAS 16. Certain
                      previously reported line items for quarters ended in 2022 have been restated to reflect the final purchase price allocation of the
                      Merger.




                                                                                   37
​




                                     AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                         CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                            (thousands of United States dollars, except share amounts)
                                                  (Unaudited)
                                                                                         As at              As at
                                                                                        March 31,        December 31,
    ​                                                                          ​ ​       2023        ​ ​     2022     ​
    ASSETS                                                                     ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
    Current assets:                                                            ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                ​ ​​$ 744,645​​ ​​$ 658,625​
      Trade receivables (Note 6)                                               ​ ​​ ​     7,212​​ ​​ ​     8,579​
      Inventories (Note 7)                                                     ​ ​​ ​ 1,238,640​​ ​​ ​ 1,209,075​
      Income taxes recoverable                                                 ​ ​​ ​    42,090​​ ​​ ​    35,054​
      Fair value of derivative financial instruments (Notes 6 and 16)          ​ ​​ ​     9,140​​ ​​ ​     8,774​
      Other current assets (Note 8A)                                           ​ ​​ ​ 265,809​​ ​​ ​ 259,952​
    Total current assets                                                       ​ ​​ ​ 2,307,536​​ ​​ ​ 2,180,059​
    Non-current assets:                                                        ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
      Goodwill                                                                 ​ ​​ ​ 3,774,892​​ ​​ ​ 2,044,123​
      Property, plant and mine development (Note 9)                            ​ ​​ ​22,486,340​​ ​​ ​18,459,400​
      Investments (Notes 6, 10 and 16)                                         ​ ​​ ​ 351,235​​ ​​ ​ 332,742​
      Deferred income and mining tax asset                                     ​ ​​ ​    12,508​​ ​​ ​    11,574​
      Other assets (Note 8B)                                                   ​ ​​ ​ 713,905​​ ​​ ​ 466,910​
    Total assets                                                               ​ ​​$29,646,416​​ ​​$23,494,808​
    LIABILITIES                                                                ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​           ​
    Current liabilities:                                                       ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​           ​
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                 ​ ​​$ 694,148​​ ​​$ 672,503​
      Share based liabilities                                                  ​ ​​ ​    13,496​​ ​​ ​      15,148​
      Interest payable                                                         ​ ​​ ​    20,507​​ ​​ ​      16,496​
      Income taxes payable                                                     ​ ​​ ​    26,135​​ ​​ ​       4,187​
      Current portion of long-term debt (Note 11)                              ​ ​​ ​ 100,000​​ ​​ ​ 100,000​
      Reclamation provision                                                    ​ ​​ ​    36,795​​ ​​ ​      23,508​
      Lease obligations                                                        ​ ​​ ​    42,644​​ ​​ ​      36,466​
      Fair value of derivative financial instruments (Notes 6 and 16)          ​ ​​ ​    62,591​​ ​​ ​      78,114​
    Total current liabilities                                                  ​ ​​ ​ 996,316​​ ​​ ​ 946,422​
    Non-current liabilities:                                                   ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​           ​
      Long-term debt (Note 11)                                                 ​ ​​ ​ 2,242,503​​ ​​ ​ 1,242,070​
      Reclamation provision                                                    ​ ​​ ​ 1,006,219​​ ​​ ​ 878,328​
      Lease obligations                                                        ​ ​​ ​ 128,381​​ ​​ ​ 114,876​
      Share based liabilities                                                  ​ ​​ ​     7,650​​ ​​ ​      17,277​
      Deferred income and mining tax liabilities                               ​ ​​ ​ 5,397,889​​ ​​ ​ 3,981,875​
      Other liabilities                                                        ​ ​​ ​    81,417​​ ​​ ​      72,615​
    Total liabilities                                                          ​ ​​ ​ 9,860,375 ​​ ​​  ​ 7,253,463 ​
    EQUITY                                                                     ​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​
      Common shares (Note 12):                                                 ​ ​​ ​               ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​
         Outstanding — 494,280,588 common shares issued, less 733,157 shares
           held in trust                                                       ​ ​​ ​18,161,019​​ ​​ ​16,251,221​
      Stock options (Notes 12 and 13)                                          ​ ​​ ​ 200,161​​ ​​ ​ 197,430​
      Contributed surplus                                                      ​ ​​ ​    22,074​​ ​​ ​    23,280​
      Retained earnings (deficit)                                              ​ ​​ ​ 1,429,346​​ ​​ ​ (201,580​)
      Other reserves (Note 14)                                                 ​ ​​ ​ (26,559)​​ ​​ ​ (29,006)​
    Total equity                                                               ​ ​​ ​19,786,041​​ ​​ ​16,241,345​
    Total liabilities and equity                                               ​ ​​$29,646,416​​ ​​$23,494,808​
    Commitments and contingencies (Note 19)                                    ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
                                          See accompanying notes


                                                         38
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                           CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                               (thousands of United States dollars, except per share amounts)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                                                             Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                              ​ ​            March 31,             ​
    ​                                                                               ​ ​      2023     ​ ​     2022      ​
                                                                                                             Restated
    ​                                                                               ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​    (Note 5)   ​
    REVENUES                                                                        ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
    Revenues from mining operations (Note 15)                                       ​ ​​$ 1,509,661​​ ​​$ 1,325,688​
    COSTS, INCOME AND EXPENSES                                                      ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
    Production(i)                                                                   ​ ​​ ​ 653,144​​ ​​ ​ 661,735​
    Exploration and corporate development                                           ​ ​​ ​ 53,768​​ ​​ ​ 65,842​
    Amortization of property, plant and mine development                            ​ ​​ ​ 303,959​​ ​​ ​ 255,644​
    General and administrative                                                      ​ ​​ ​ 48,208​​ ​​ ​ 67,542​
    Finance costs                                                                   ​ ​​ ​ 23,448​​ ​​ ​ 22,653​
    Gain on derivative financial instruments (Note 16)                              ​ ​​ ​    (6,539)​​ ​​ ​ (28,664​)
    Foreign currency translation loss                                               ​ ​​ ​       220​​ ​​ ​    1,210​
    Care and maintenance                                                            ​ ​​ ​ 11,245​​ ​​ ​ 10,456​
    Revaluation gain (Note 5)                                                       ​ ​​ ​(1,543,414)​​ ​​ ​      —​
    Other expenses (Note 17)                                                        ​ ​​ ​ 20,123​​ ​​ ​ 89,599​
    Income before income and mining taxes                                           ​ ​​ ​ 1,945,499​​ ​​ ​ 179,671​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                 ​ ​​ ​ 128,608​​ ​​ ​ 60,595​
    Net income for the period                                                       ​ ​​$ 1,816,891​​ ​​$ 119,076​
    Net income per share — basic (Note 12)                                          ​ ​​$       3.87​​ ​​$        0.31​
    Net income per share — diluted (Note 12)                                        ​ ​​$       3.86​​ ​​$        0.31​
    Cash dividends declared per common share                                        ​ ​​$       0.40​​ ​​$        0.40​
    ​




    Note:
    (i)     Exclusive of amortization, which is shown separately.

                                                         See accompanying notes




                                                                    39
​




                              AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
          CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                               (thousands of United States dollars)
                                          (Unaudited)

                                                                                 Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                  ​ ​            March 31,         ​
    ​                                                                   ​ ​      2023     ​ ​   2022    ​
                                                                                               Restated
    ​                                                                   ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​ (Note 5) ​
    Net income for the period                                           ​ ​​$1,816,891​​ ​​$ 119,076​
    Other comprehensive income:                                         ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
    Items that may be subsequently reclassified to net income:          ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
       Derivative financial instruments:                                ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
         Reclassified from the cash flow hedge reserve to net income    ​ ​​ ​     294​​ ​​ ​     294​
    ​                                                                   ​ ​​ ​     294​​ ​​ ​     294​
    Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to net income:     ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
       Pension benefit obligations:                                     ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
         Remeasurement (loss) gain on pension benefit obligations       ​ ​​ ​    (215 )
                                                                                       ​​ ​​  ​   463 ​
         Income tax impact                                              ​ ​​ ​      55​​ ​​ ​ (119​)
       Equity securities:                                               ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
         Net change in fair value of equity securities                  ​ ​​ ​      39​​ ​​ ​ 31,614​
         Income tax impact                                              ​ ​​ ​    (783)​​ ​​ ​ (4,866​)
    ​                                                                   ​ ​​ ​    (904)​​ ​​ ​ 27,092​
    Other comprehensive (loss) income for the period                    ​ ​​ ​    (610)​​ ​​ ​ 27,386​
    Comprehensive income for the period                                 ​ ​​$1,816,281​​ ​​$146,462​

                                              See accompanying notes




                                                        40
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                           CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY
                            (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts)
                                                          (Unaudited)

                                                                Common Shares                                            Retained
    ​                                                   ​​       Outstanding                ​ Stock Contributed Earnings                 Other          Total
    ​                                                   ​ ​ Shares ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Options ​ ​ Surplus ​ ​ (deficit) ​ ​Reserves ​ ​ Equity ​
    Balance at December 31, 2021                        ​ ​​​245,001,857​​ ​​$ 5,863,512​​ ​​$191,112​​ ​ ​$37,254 ​​ ​​$ (146,383)​​ ​​$ 54,276​​ ​​$ 5,999,771​
    Net income (Restated) (Note 5)                      ​ ​​           —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​ ​ ​    — ​​ ​​ ​ 119,076​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​           119,076​
    Other comprehensive income                          ​ ​​           —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​ ​ ​    — ​​ ​​ ​     344​​ ​​ ​ 27,042​​ ​​ ​           27,386​
    Total comprehensive income (Restated)
      (Note 5)                                  ​ ​​         —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​         ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​ 119,420​​ ​​ ​ 27,042​​ ​​ ​          146,462​
    Transactions with owners:                   ​ ​​           ​​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​       ​​        ​ ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​           ​
      Shares issued under employee stock option
        plan (Notes 12 and 13A)                 ​ ​​    399,388​​ ​​ ​    21,829​​ ​​ ​ (3,988)​​ ​       ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​      17,841​
      Shares issued on acquisition of Kirkland
        Lake Gold (“Kirkland”), net of share
        issuance costs (Note 5)                 ​ ​​209,274,263​​ ​​ ​10,268,124​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​       ​​      ​ ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​10,268,124​
      Stock options (Notes 12 and 13A)          ​ ​​         —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ 6,081​​ ​          ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​     6,081​
      Shares issued under incentive share
        purchase plan (Note 13B)                ​ ​​​   129,303​​ ​​ ​     7,888​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​         ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       7,888​
      Shares issued under dividend reinvestment
        plan                                    ​ ​​    508,548​​ ​​ ​    26,609​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​         ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​      26,609​
        Dividends declared ($0.40 per share)       ​ ​​​               —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​ ​ ​    — ​​ ​​ ​ (181,367)​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ (181,367)​
        Restricted Share Unit plan, Performance
          Share Unit plan, and Long Term Incentive
          Plan (Notes 12 and 13C, D)               ​ ​​​       (409,717)​​ ​​ ​   (20,018)​​ ​​ ​   —​​ ​ ​ ​    — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​     (20,018)​
    Restated Balance at March 31, 2022                  ​ ​​​454,903,642​​ ​​$16,167,944​​ ​​$193,205​​ ​ ​$37,254 ​​ ​​$ (208,330)​​ ​​$ 81,318​​ ​​$16,271,391​

    Balance at December 31, 2022                        ​ ​​​456,465,296​​ ​​$16,251,221​​ ​​$197,430​​ ​ ​$23,280 ​​ ​​$ (201,580)​​ ​​$(29,006)​​ ​​$16,241,345​
    Net income                                          ​ ​​          —​​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​ ​ ​    — ​​ ​​ ​1,816,891​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​ 1,816,891​
    Other comprehensive loss                            ​ ​​          —​​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​ ​ ​    — ​​ ​​ ​     (160)​​ ​​ ​ (450)​​ ​​ ​      (610​)
    Total comprehensive income (loss)                   ​ ​​           —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​ ​ ​    — ​​ ​​ ​1,816,731​​ ​​ ​        (450)​​ ​​ ​ 1,816,281​
    Transfer of loss on disposal of equity
      securities to deficit                      ​ ​​         —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​        ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​      (2,897)​​ ​​ ​ 2,897​​ ​​ ​           —​
    Transactions with owners:                    ​ ​​            ​​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​      ​​        ​ ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​           ​
      Shares issued under employee stock option
        plan (Notes 12 and 13A)                  ​ ​​    239,979​​ ​​ ​    12,341​​ ​​ ​ (2,039)​​ ​      ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​      10,302​
      Shares issued pursuant to Yamana
        transaction (Note 5)                     ​ ​​ 36,177,931​​ ​​ ​ 1,858,219​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​        ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​ 1,858,219​
      Stock options (Notes 12 and 13A)           ​ ​​​        —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ 4,770​​ ​         ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       4,770​
      Shares issued under incentive share
        purchase plan (Note 13B)                 ​ ​​    191,381​​ ​​ ​     9,888​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​        ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       9,888​
      Shares issued under dividend reinvestment
        plan                                     ​ ​​    611,193​​ ​​ ​    26,759​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​        ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​   26,759​
      Share repurchases (Note 12)                ​ ​​ (100,000)​​ ​​ ​     (3,569)​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​        ​ ​(1,206) ​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​   (4,775​)
      Dividends declared ($0.40 per share)       ​ ​​         —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​        ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​ (182,908)​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ (182,908​)
      Restricted Share Unit plan, Performance
        Share Unit plan, and Long Term Incentive
        Plan (Notes 12 and 13C, D)               ​ ​​    (38,349)​​ ​​ ​    6,160​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​        ​​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       6,160​
    Balance at March 31, 2023                           ​ ​​493,547,431​​ ​​$18,161,019​​ ​​$200,161​​ ​ ​$22,074 ​​ ​​$1,429,346​​ ​​$(26,559)​​ ​​$19,786,041​


                                                               See accompanying notes




                                                                                  41
​




                                 AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                   CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                  (thousands of United States dollars)
                                             (Unaudited)
                                                                                    Three Months Ended
    ​                                                                     ​ ​            March 31,        ​
    ​                                                                      ​ ​      2023     ​ ​   2022   ​
                                                                                                 Restated
    ​                                                                      ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​ (Note 5) ​
    OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                   ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
    Net income for the period                                              ​ ​​$ 1,816,891​​ ​​$ 119,076​
    Add (deduct) adjusting items:                                          ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
      Amortization of property, plant and mine development                 ​ ​​ ​ 303,959​​ ​​ ​ 255,644​
      Revaluation gain (Note 5)                                            ​ ​​ ​(1,543,414​​
                                                                                           ) ​​ ​       —​
      Deferred income and mining taxes                                     ​ ​​ ​ 36,103​​ ​​ ​ (4,877​)
      Unrealized gain on currency and commodity derivatives (Note 16)      ​ ​​ ​ (15,888​​) ​​ ​ (24,055​)
      Unrealized gain on warrants (Note 16)                                ​ ​​ ​    (4,663​​
                                                                                           ) ​​ ​     (913​)
      Stock-based compensation (Note 13)                                   ​ ​​ ​ 13,147​​ ​​ ​ 22,248​
      Foreign currency translation loss                                    ​ ​​ ​       220​​ ​​ ​   1,210​
      Other                                                                ​ ​​ ​     2,444​​ ​​ ​ (2,321​)
    Changes in non-cash working capital balances:                          ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
      Trade receivables                                                    ​ ​​ ​     8,395​​ ​​ ​ 39,068​
      Income taxes                                                         ​ ​​ ​ 23,977​​ ​​ ​ (39,870​)
      Inventories                                                          ​ ​​ ​     2,068​​ ​​ ​ 178,152​
      Other current assets                                                 ​ ​​ ​ 10,995​​ ​​ ​ (39,607​)
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                             ​ ​​ ​    (7,269​​
                                                                                           ) ​​ ​ (7,644​)
      Interest payable                                                     ​ ​​ ​     2,648​​ ​​ ​ 11,321​
    Cash provided by operating activities                                  ​ ​​ ​ 649,613​​ ​​ ​ 507,432​
    INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                   ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
    Additions to property, plant and mine development (Note 9)             ​ ​​ ​ (384,934)​​ ​​ ​ (293,151)​
    Yamana transaction, net of cash and cash equivalents (Note 5)          ​ ​​ ​(1,000,617)​​ ​​ ​      —​
    Cash and cash equivalents acquired in Kirkland acquisition (Note 5)    ​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​​ ​ 838,732​
    Proceeds from sale of property, plant and mine development             ​ ​​ ​       745​​ ​​ ​      387​
    Net sales of short-term investments                                    ​ ​​ ​       379​​ ​​ ​    3,127​
    Net proceeds from sale of equity securities                            ​ ​​ ​       419​​ ​​ ​       —​
    Purchases of equity securities and other investments                   ​ ​​ ​ (14,737)​​ ​​ ​ (13,443)​
    Cash (used in) provided by investing activities                        ​ ​​ ​(1,398,745)​​ ​​ ​ 535,652​
    FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                   ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​
    Proceeds from Credit Facility (Note 11)                                ​ ​​ ​ 1,000,000​​ ​​ ​ 100,000​
    Repayment of Credit Facility (Note 11)                                 ​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​​ ​ (100,000​)
    Repayment of lease obligations                                         ​ ​​ ​    (9,748​​
                                                                                            ) ​​ ​ (8,310​)
    Dividends paid                                                         ​ ​​ ​ (156,163​​) ​​ ​ (154,782​)
    Repurchase of common shares (Notes 12 and 13)                          ​ ​​ ​ (14,564​​ ) ​​ ​ (27,889​)
    Proceeds on exercise of stock options (Note 13A)                       ​ ​​ ​ 10,302​​ ​​ ​ 17,841​
    Common shares issued                                                   ​ ​​ ​     6,606​​ ​​ ​      5,282​
    Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                        ​ ​​ ​   836,433 ​​ ​​  ​ (167,858 )​
    Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           ​ ​​ ​    (1,281)​​ ​​ ​       983​
    Net increase in cash and cash equivalents during the period            ​ ​​ ​ 86,020​​ ​​ ​ 876,209​
    Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                         ​ ​​ ​ 658,625​​ ​​ ​ 185,786​
    Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                               ​ ​​$ 744,645​​ ​​$1,061,995​
    SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION                                     ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​
    Interest paid                                                          ​ ​​$     13,051​​ ​​$       8,203​
    Income and mining taxes paid                                           ​ ​​$     64,937​​ ​​$ 103,400​

                                                 See accompanying notes


                                                            42
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                   NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                           (Unaudited)
                                                         March 31, 2023

    1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

         Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (“Agnico Eagle” or the “Company”) is principally engaged in the production and sale of gold, as
         well as related activities such as exploration and mine development. The Company’s mining operations are located in Canada,
         Australia, Finland and Mexico and the Company has exploration activities in Canada, Europe, Latin America, Australia and the
         United States. Agnico Eagle is a public company incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada with its head and
         registered office located at 145 King Street East, Suite 400, Toronto, Ontario, M5C 2Y7. The Company’s common shares are listed
         on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. Agnico Eagle sells its gold production into the world market.

         These condensed interim consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors of the Company
         (the “Board”) on April 27, 2023.

    2.   BASIS OF PRESENTATION

         A) Statement of Compliance

               The accompanying condensed interim consolidated financial statements of Agnico Eagle have been prepared in accordance
               with International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued by the International Accounting
               Standards Board (“IASB”) in United States (“US”) dollars. These condensed interim consolidated financial statements do not
               include all of the disclosures required by International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) for annual audited
               consolidated financial statements.

               These condensed interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s 2022 annual
               audited consolidated financial statements, including the accounting policies and notes thereto, included in the Annual Report
               and Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2022, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS.

               In the opinion of management, these condensed interim consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which
               consist of normal and recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position as at March 31, 2023 and
               December 31, 2022 and the results of operations and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31,
               2022.

               Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2023 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected
               for the full year ending December 31, 2023.

         B)    Basis of Presentation

               Overview

               These condensed interim consolidated financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost
               method except for certain financial assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value. The condensed interim consolidated
               financial statements are presented in US dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand, except where otherwise
               indicated.

               Subsidiaries

               These condensed interim consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Agnico Eagle and its consolidated
               subsidiaries. All intercompany balances, transactions, income and expenses and gains or losses have been eliminated on
               consolidation. Subsidiaries are consolidated where Agnico Eagle has the ability to exercise control. Control of an investee
               exists when Agnico Eagle is exposed to variable returns from the Company’s involvement with the investee and has the
               ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an
               investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the elements of control.

               Joint Arrangements

               A joint arrangement is defined as an arrangement in which two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the
               contractually agreed sharing of control over an arrangement between two or more parties. This exists only when the decisions
               about the relevant activities that significantly affect the returns of the arrangement require the unanimous consent of the
               parties sharing control.

               A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties have joint control of the arrangement and have rights to the assets
               and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement. These condensed interim consolidated financial statements
               include the Company’s interests in the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the joint operations from the date that joint
               control



                                                                         43
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                  NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                        March 31, 2023

    2.   BASIS OF PRESENTATION (Continued)

              commenced. Agnico Eagle’s 50% interest in each of Canadian Malartic Corporation (“CMC”) and Canadian Malartic GP (the
              “Partnership”), the general partnership that holds the Canadian Malartic complex located in Quebec, has been accounted for
              as a joint operation until the remaining 50% was acquired on March 31, 2023 (Note 5).

    3.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         These condensed interim consolidated financial statements follow the same accounting policies and methods of their application as
         the December 31, 2022 annual audited consolidated financial statements.


    4.   SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

         The preparation of these condensed interim consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to
         make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed interim consolidated financial
         statements and accompanying notes. Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the condensed interim
         consolidated financial statements are reasonable; however, actual results may differ materially from these estimates. The areas
         involving significant judgments, estimates and assumptions have been set out in Note 4 to the Company’s annual audited
         consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022.

    5.   ACQUISITIONS

         Acquisition of the Canadian Assets of Yamana Gold Inc. (“Yamana”)

         On March 31, 2023, the Company completed a transaction (the “Yamana Transaction”) under an arrangement agreement entered
         into with Yamana and Pan American Silver Corp. (“Pan American”) pursuant to which Pan American acquired all of the issued and
         outstanding common shares of Yamana and Yamana sold the subsidiaries and partnerships that held Yamana’s interests in its
         Canadian assets to Agnico Eagle, including the remaining 50% of the Canadian Malartic complex, a 100% interest in the Wasamac
         project located in the Abitibi region of Quebec and several other exploration properties located in Ontario and Manitoba. The
         acquisition increased the Company’s production, mineral reserves and cash flow.

         The Company determined that the acquisition represented a business combination under IFRS 3: Business Combinations
         (“IFRS 3”), with Agnico identified as the acquirer and, as such, was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in
         accordance with IFRS 3.

         Prior to the Yamana transaction, Agnico’s 50% interests in CMC and the Partnership were jointly controlled with Yamana and met
         the definition of a joint operation under IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, with Agnico recognizing its share of the assets, liabilities,
         revenues and expenses in its consolidated results. As of March 31, 2023, Agnico controls 100% of CMC and the Partnership and,
         upon applying the requirements under IFRS 3 for a business combination achieved in stages, the Company re-measured its
         previously held 50% interest in CMC and the Partnership to fair value on acquisition date. The acquisition date fair value of the
         previously held 50% interest was determined to be $2,697.6 million, resulting in the recognition of a re-measurement gain through
         net earnings in the quarter of $1,543.4 million. The fair value of $2,697.6 million forms part of the total consideration transferred
         under the transaction as reflected in the table below. The fair value of common shares issued was calculated based on 36,177,931
         common shares issued at the closing share price immediately prior to the transaction.

         The aggregate preliminary purchase consideration for the acquired assets, net of the assumed liabilities is as follows:

         ​Fair value of common shares issued                                                                                       ​ ​ ​$ 1,858,219​
          ​Cash                                                                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​1,001,291​
           Fair
           ​    value of previously held 50% interest                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​2,697,604​
         ​                                                                                                                         ​ ​ ​$5,557,114​




                                                                       44
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                  NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                        March 31, 2023

    5.   ACQUISITIONS (Continued)

         The following table sets out the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
         management’s preliminary estimates of fair value.

         ​                                                                                                                       ​ ​ Preliminary​
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                ​ ​ ​$   1,049 ​
         Inventories                                                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 165,423 ​
         Other current assets                                                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 29,890 ​
         Property, plant and mine development                                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 4,949,392 ​
         Goodwill                                                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,078,562 ​
         Other assets                                                                                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 330,215 ​
         Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ (117,905 ​)
         Reclamation provision                                                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ (203,341 ​)
         Deferred income and mining tax liabilities                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​(1,646,500 ​)
         Other liabilities                                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ (29,671 ​)
         Total assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed                                                                        ​ ​ ​$ 5,557,114 ​

         The fair value of Agnico’s previously held 50% interest and the resulting gain on remeasurement along with the fair values
         allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, and are subject to adjustment based on further analysis and
         evaluation over the course of the measurement period which will not exceed twelve months from the acquisition date. Where
         preliminary values are used in accounting for a business combination, they may be materially adjusted retrospectively in
         subsequent periods. In particular, the Company will continue to evaluate new information about the facts and circumstances that
         existed as of the acquisition date pertaining to the fair value of property, plant and mine development, goodwill, reclamation
         provisions and deferred income and mining tax liabilities.

         The results of operations, cash flows and net assets of the Canadian assets of Yamana have been consolidated with those of the
         Company from March 31, 2023. If the Yamana transaction had taken place on January 1, 2023, pro forma total consolidated
         revenue and income before income and mining taxes for the Company would have been approximately $1,648.1 million and
         $1,994.8 million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2023.

         Goodwill represents the expected value of additional exploration potential arising from the acquisition. None of the goodwill is
         expected to be deductible for income and mining tax purposes.

         The Company incurred acquisition-related costs of $15.2 million in the three months ended March 31, 2023 which are recorded in
         the other expenses line of the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

         Kirkland

         On February 8, 2022, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Kirkland in exchange for the issuance of
         Agnico Eagle common shares to former Kirkland shareholders pursuant to a plan of arrangement under the Business Corporations
         Act (Ontario) (the “Merger”). Each Kirkland shareholder received 0.7935 of a common share of Agnico as consideration for each
         Kirkland share, which resulted in the issuance of 209,274,263 Agnico common shares. Prior to the Merger, Kirkland owned and
         operated the Detour Lake and Macassa mines in Canada and the Fosterville mine in Australia, and also owned exploration
         properties in Canada and Australia. The acquisition of Kirkland increased the Company’s production, mineral reserves and cash
         flow.

         The Company determined that the Merger represented a business combination under IFRS 3 Business Combinations (“IFRS 3”),
         with Agnico identified as the acquirer and, as such, the Merger was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in
         accordance with IFRS 3.

         The aggregate purchase consideration for the acquired assets, net of the assumed liabilities is as follows:

         ​Fair value of common shares issued                                                                                     ​ ​ ​$ 10,268,584​
          ​Fair value of replacement share based compensation issued                                                             ​ ​​ ​     14,522​

         ​                                                                                                                       ​ ​ ​$10,283,106​

         The final estimates of fair value have been adjusted retrospectively to the acquisition date. Certain previously reported financial
         statement line items were updated to reflect the impact of the adjusted final estimates of fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
         assumed related to the Merger.



                                                                        45
​




                                              AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                    NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                            (Unaudited)
                                                          March 31, 2023

    5.   ACQUISITIONS (Continued)

         The following table sets out the final allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Merger
         based on management’s previously reported preliminary estimates and adjusted final estimates of fair value.
                                                                                                              (i)
         ​                                                                                     ​ ​ Preliminary ​ ​ Adjustments ​ ​   Final ​
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                             ​ ​ ​$ 838,732 ​ ​ ​ ​$    — ​ ​ ​ ​$ 838,732​
         Inventories                                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 384,678 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (35,402) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 349,276​
         Other current assets                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 100,094 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​        — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 100,094​
         Property, plant and mine development                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​10,086,336 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 341,935 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​10,428,271​
         Goodwill                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,804,459 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​(168,128) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,636,331​
         Other assets                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 143,415 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,628) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 141,787​
         Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ (235,778)​ ​ ​ ​ ​      — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (235,778​)
         Reclamation provision                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ (175,839)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (52,289) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (228,128​)
         Deferred income and mining tax liabilities                                            ​ ​ ​ ​(2,639,353)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (84,488) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​(2,723,841​)
         Other liabilities                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ (23,638)​ ​ ​ ​ ​        — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (23,638​)
         Total assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed                                     ​ ​ $10,283,106
                                                                                                   ​           ​ ​ ​ ​$          — ​ ​ ​ $10,283,106
                                                                                                                                         ​           ​
         ​




         Note:
         (i)    Estimates of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are presented as reported in the Company’s condensed
                interim consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2022.

         Goodwill represents the expected value of operational synergies and additional exploration potential arising from the Merger.
         None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income and mining tax purposes.

         The Company incurred acquisition-related and severance costs of $95.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 which are
         recorded in the other expenses line of the consolidated statements of income.

         The results of operations, cash flows and net assets of Kirkland have been consolidated with those of the Company from
         February 8, 2022. For the three months ended March 31, 2022, Kirkland contributed revenue of $499.3 million and earnings
         before income and mining taxes of $117.3 million. Total consolidated revenue and earnings before income and mining taxes for
         the Company were $1,325.7 million and $179.7 million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2022. If the
         acquisition of Kirkland had taken place on January 1, 2022, pro forma total consolidated revenue and income before income and
         mining taxes for the Company would have been approximately $1,379.7 million and $119.5 million, respectively, for the
         three months ended March 31, 2022.

    6.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

         Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
         participants at the measurement date. All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated
         financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described, as follows, based on the lowest-level input that is
         significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

                Level 1 — Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted
                assets or liabilities;

                Level 2 — Quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for
                substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and

                Level 3 — Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and
                unobservable (supported by little or no market activity).

         The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs and the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.

         Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

         For items that are recognized at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether transfers have occurred between
         levels in the hierarchy by reassessing their classification at the end of each reporting period.

         During the three months ended March 31, 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements, and
         no transfers into or out of Level 3 fair value measurements.



                                                                        46
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                      March 31, 2023

    6.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued)

         The fair values of cash and cash equivalents and accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their carrying values due to
         their short-term nature.

         The following table sets out the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at
         March 31, 2023 using the fair value hierarchy:

         ​                                                                                  ​ ​ Level 1 ​ ​ Level 2 ​ ​ Level 3         ​ ​ Total ​
         Financial assets:                                                                  ​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​         ​
         Trade receivables                                                                  ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$ 7,212​ ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$ 7,212​
         Equity securities                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​295,612​ ​ ​ ​ ​22,516​ ​ ​ ​ ​   —​ ​ ​ ​ ​318,128​
         Share purchase warrants                                                            ​ ​​ ​      —​ ​ ​ ​ ​33,107​ ​ ​ ​ ​    —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 33,107​
         Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                     ​ ​​ ​   —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,140​ ​ ​ ​ ​       —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,140​
         Total financial assets                                                                $295,612
                                                                                            ​ ​​        ​ ​ ​ ​$71,975​ ​ ​ ​$       —​ ​ ​ ​$367,587​
         Financial liabilities:                                                             ​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​        ​
         Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                     ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$62,591​ ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$ 62,591​
         Total financial liabilities                                                        ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$62,591​ ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$ 62,591​


         Valuation Techniques

         Trade Receivables

         Trade receivables from provisional invoices for concentrate sales are valued using quoted forward rates derived from observable
         market data based on the month of expected settlement (classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy).

         Equity Securities

         Equity securities representing shares of publicly traded entities are recorded at fair value using quoted market prices (classified
         within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy). Equity securities representing shares of non-publicly traded entities are recorded at fair
         value using external broker-dealer quotations corroborated by option pricing models (classified within Level 2 of the fair value
         hierarchy).

         Derivative Financial Instruments and Warrants

         The Company holds share purchase warrants of certain publicly traded entities. Share purchase warrants are accounted for as
         derivative financial instruments and presented as part of investments in the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets.
         Derivative financial instruments, classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, are recorded at fair value using external
         broker-dealer quotations corroborated by option pricing models or option pricing models that utilize a variety of inputs that are a
         combination of quoted prices and market-corroborated inputs.

         Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured and Recognized at Fair Value

         Long-term debt is recorded on the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2023 at amortized cost. The fair
         value of long-term debt is determined by applying a discount rate, reflecting the credit spread based on the Company’s credit
         rating to future related cash flows which is categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. See Note 11.

         Lease obligations are recorded on the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2023 at amortized cost. The fair
         value of lease obligations is the present value of the future lease payments discounted at the Company’s current incremental
         borrowing rate. It is remeasured when there is a change in the lease term, future lease payments or changes in the assessment of
         whether the Company will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. The fair value of lease obligations is not
         materially different from the carrying amounts as a result of the difference between the incremental borrowing rates used at the
         initial recognition date and the current market rates at March 31, 2023.

         Non-current loans receivable and other receivables are included in the other asset line item in the condensed interim consolidated
         balance sheets at amortized cost. The fair value of non-current loans and other receivables is the present value of future cash
         inflows discounted at a market interest rate. The fair value of these financial assets is not materially different from the carrying
         amounts as at March 31, 2023 (Note 8B).



                                                                        47
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                   NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                           (Unaudited)
                                                         March 31, 2023

    7.   INVENTORIES

         During the three months ended March 31, 2023, no impairment losses were necessary to reduce the carrying value of inventories
         to their net realizable value. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, impairment losses of $25.7 million were recorded
         within production costs to reduce the carrying value of inventories to their net realizable value.

    8.   OTHER ASSETS

         A)    Other Current Assets

                                                                                                      As at March 31,     As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                      ​ ​         2023      ​ ​        2022        ​
         Federal, provincial and other sales taxes receivable                                   ​ ​      ​$ 99,813    ​​ ​    ​$100,267      ​
         Prepaid expenses                                                                       ​ ​      ​ ​120,643   ​​ ​    ​ ​110,649     ​
         Short term investments                                                                 ​ ​      ​ ​ 9,517    ​​ ​    ​ ​ 9,896      ​
         Other                                                                                  ​ ​      ​ ​ 35,836   ​​ ​    ​ ​ 39,140     ​
         Total other current assets                                                             ​ ​      ​$265,809    ​​ ​    ​$259,952      ​


         B)    Other Assets

                                                                                                      As at March 31,     As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                      ​ ​         2023      ​ ​        2022        ​
         Non-current ore in stockpiles and on leach pads                                        ​ ​      ​$643,845    ​​ ​    ​$405,988      ​
         Non-current prepaid expenses                                                           ​ ​      ​ ​ 33,650   ​​ ​    ​ ​ 26,102     ​
         Non-current loans receivable                                                           ​ ​      ​ ​ 3,928    ​​ ​    ​ ​ 3,939      ​
         Intangible asset                                                                       ​ ​      ​ ​ 11,654   ​​ ​    ​ ​ 13,318     ​
         Investment in associate                                                                ​ ​      ​ ​ 10,645   ​​ ​    ​ ​ 10,732     ​
         Other                                                                                  ​ ​      ​ ​ 10,183   ​​ ​    ​ ​ 6,831      ​
         Total other assets                                                                     ​ ​      ​$713,905    ​​ ​    ​$466,910      ​

         The Company currently has an intangible asset with a finite useful life which is amortized on a straight-line basis, which
         represents an electricity contract under which the Detour Lake mine is paying below market rates over a five year period.

    9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND MINE DEVELOPMENT

         During the three months ended March 31, 2023, $402.0 million of additions, (excluding the property, plant and mine development
         assets acquired under the Yamana Transaction — see Note 5), (year ended December 31, 2022 — $1,606.8 million) were
         capitalized to property, plant and mine development.

         Total borrowing costs capitalized to property, plant and mine development during the three months ended March 31, 2023 were
         approximately $0.91 million (year ended December 31, 2022 — $3.64 million) at a capitalization rate of 1.20% (year ended
         December 31, 2022 — 1.16%).

         Assets with a net book value of $4.80 million were disposed of by the Company during the three months ended March 31, 2023
         (year ended December 31, 2022 — $25.9 million), resulting in a loss on disposal of $2.54 million (year ended December 31, 2022
         — $8.8 million) which was recorded in the other expenses line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

         See Note 19 to these condensed interim consolidated financial statements for capital commitments.

    10. INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                      As at March 31,     As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                      ​ ​         2023      ​ ​        2022        ​
         Equity securities                                                                      ​ ​      ​$318,128    ​​ ​    ​$304,618      ​
         Share purchase warrants                                                                ​ ​      ​ ​ 33,107   ​​ ​    ​ ​ 28,124     ​
         Total investments                                                                      ​ ​      ​$351,235    ​​ ​    ​$332,742      ​



                                                                     48
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                      March 31, 2023

    11. LONG-TERM DEBT

       The following table sets out details of the Company’s long-term debt as at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022:

                                                                                  As at March 31,                                  As at December 31,
       ​                                ​​        ​         ​​                          2023                             ​​         ​     2022
                                                                         Deferred
                                                               Principal Financing  Carrying                  Carrying
       ​                                ​ ​ Interest Rates ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Costs ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Fair Value ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Fair Value ​
       Senior Notes                     ​ ​ 2.78% – 5.02% ​ ​​$1,350,000​​ ​ ​$ (4,580) ​​ ​​$1,345,420​​ ​​$1,290,691​​ ​​$1,345,185​​ ​​$1,264,614​
       Credit Facility                  ​​        Variable ​ ​​ ​1,000,000​​ ​ ​ ​(2,917) ​​ ​​ ​ 997,083​​ ​​ ​ 997,083​​ ​​ ​ (3,115)​​ ​​ ​ (3,115)​
       Total long-term debt             ​​                 ​ ​ ​​$2,350,000​​ ​ ​$(7,497) ​​ ​​$2,342,503​​ ​​$2,287,774​​ ​​$1,342,070​​ ​​$1,261,499​

       The following table sets out the long-term debt included in the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets:

                                                                                                             As at March 31,     As at December 31,
       ​                                                                                               ​ ​         2023      ​ ​        2022        ​
       Current portion of long-term debt                                                               ​ ​     ​$ 100,000       ​​ ​       ​$ 100,000         ​
       Non-current portion of long-term debt                                                           ​ ​     ​ ​2,242,503     ​​ ​       ​ ​1,242,070       ​
       Total long-term debt                                                                            ​ ​     ​$2,342,503      ​​ ​       ​$1,342,070        ​


       Credit Facility

       During the three months ended March 31, 2023, Credit Facility drawdowns totaled $1.0 billion. During the three months ended
       March 31, 2022 drawdowns and repayments totaled $100.0 million. As at March 31, 2023, $199.0 million was available for future
       drawdown under the Credit Facility (December 31, 2022 — $1,199.1 million). Credit Facility availability is reduced by
       outstanding letters of credit, which were $1.0 million as at March 31, 2023 (December 31, 2021 — $0.9 million).

    12. EQUITY

       Net Income Per Share

       The following table sets out the weighted average number of common shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted net
       income per share:

                                                                                                                                   Three Months Ended
       ​                                                                                                                 ​ ​            March 31,     ​
       ​                                                                                                                  ​ ​       2023      ​ ​    2022 ​
                                                                                                                                                   Restated
       ​                                                                                                                  ​ ​​ ​             ​ ​ ​ (Note 5) ​
       Net income for the period — basic                                                                                  ​ ​ ​$ 1,816,891​ ​ ​ ​$ 119,076​
           Add: Dilutive impact of cash settling LTIP                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,776​) ​ ​ ​ ​      —​
       Net income for the period — diluted                                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​1,815,115​ ​ ​ ​ ​119,076​
       Weighted average number of common shares outstanding — basic (in thousands)                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 468,968​ ​ ​ ​ ​384,708​
        Add: Dilutive impact of common shares related to the RSU plan, PSU plan and LTIP                                  ​ ​​ ​    1,349​ ​ ​ ​ ​    639​
           Add: Dilutive impact of employee stock options                                                                 ​ ​​ ​     138​ ​ ​ ​ ​    241​
       Weighted average number of common shares outstanding — diluted (in thousands)                                      ​ ​​ ​ 470,455 ​​ ​​  ​
                                                                                                                                                3 85,588 ​
       Net income per share — basic                                                                                       ​ ​ ​$       3.87​ ​ ​ ​$       0.31​
       Net income per share — diluted                                                                                     ​ ​ ​$       3.86​ ​ ​ ​$       0.31​


       Diluted net income per share has been calculated using the treasury stock method. In applying the treasury stock method,
       outstanding employee stock options with an exercise price greater than the average quoted market price of the common shares for
       the period outstanding are not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share as the impact would be anti-dilutive.

       For the three months ended March 31, 2023 3,516,350 (2022 — 2,791,436) employee stock options were excluded from the
       calculation of diluted net income per share as their impact would have been anti-dilutive.



                                                                        49
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                  NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                        March 31, 2023

    12. EQUITY (Continued)

        During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company repurchased 100,000 common shares for $4.8 million at an average
        price of $47.75 as part of its authorized normal course issuer bid program. Of the shares purchased, 100,000 were cancelled as of
        March 31, 2023. The book value of the cancelled shares was $3.6 million and was treated as a reduction to common share capital.
        The portion of the consideration paid for the repurchased shares in excess of their book value was treated as a reduction to
        contributed surplus.

    13. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

        A)    Employee Stock Option Plan (“ESOP”)

        The following table sets out activity with respect to Agnico Eagle’s outstanding stock options:

                                                                                            Three Months Ended              Three Months Ended
        ​                                                                             ​ ​      March 31, 2023         ​ ​      March 31, 2022        ​
                                                                                                          Weighted                        Weighted
                                                                                         Number of          Average       Number of         Average
                                                                                             Stock          Exercise         Stock          Exercise
        ​                                                                             ​ ​ Options ​ ​ Price ​ ​ Options ​ ​ Price ​
        Outstanding, beginning of period                                              ​ ​ ​4,976,636 ​ ​ ​ ​C$75.04 ​ ​ ​ ​4,482,941 ​ ​ ​ ​C$74.43 ​
        Granted                                                                       ​ ​ ​ 873,950 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​70.36 ​ ​ ​ ​1,643,801 ​ ​ ​ ​    ​67.10 ​
        Exercised                                                                     ​ ​ ​ (239,979)​ ​ ​ ​ ​57.50 ​ ​ ​ ​ (399,388)​ ​ ​ ​   ​57.14 ​
        Forfeited                                                                     ​ ​ ​ (34,965)​ ​ ​ ​ ​77.57 ​ ​ ​ ​ (29,594)​ ​ ​ ​     ​76.38 ​
        Expired                                                                       ​ ​ ​ (8,500)​ ​ ​ ​ ​58.04 ​ ​ ​ ​         — ​​ ​ ​
                                                                                                                                        ​ —​
        Outstanding, end of period                                                       ​
                                                                                         5
                                                                                      ​ ​​ ,567,142      C$75.07
                                                                                                    ​​ ​ ​            ​
                                                                                                                      5
                                                                                                                 ​​ ​ ​ ,697,760      C$73.52
                                                                                                                                 ​​ ​ ​       ​
        Options exercisable, end of period                                               ​
                                                                                         3
                                                                                      ​ ​​ ,775,700      C$76.06
                                                                                                    ​​ ​ ​            ​
                                                                                                                      3
                                                                                                                 ​​ ​ ​ ,326,924      C$71.32
                                                                                                                                 ​​ ​ ​       ​

        The average share price of Agnico Eagle’s common shares during the three months ended March 31, 2023 was C$69.51 (2022 —
        C$68.52).

        Agnico Eagle estimated the fair value of stock options under the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted
        average assumptions:

                                                                                                                              Three Months Ended
        ​                                                                                                               ​ ​        March 31,     ​
        ​                                                                                                                ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​
        Risk-free interest rate                                                                                           ​ ​ 4.26% ​ ​ 1.65% ​
        Expected life of stock options (in years)                                                                         ​ ​    2.5 ​ ​   2.4 ​
        Expected volatility of Agnico Eagle’s share price                                                                 ​ ​ 36.0% ​ ​ 30.0% ​
        Expected dividend yield                                                                                           ​ ​ 3.6% ​ ​ 2.9% ​


        The Company uses historical volatility to estimate the expected volatility of Agnico Eagle’s share price. The expected term of
        stock options granted is derived from historical data on employee exercise and post-vesting employment termination experience.

        Compensation expense related to the ESOP amounted to $4.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 (2022 —
        $6.1 million).

        B)    Incentive Share Purchase Plan (“ISPP”)

        During the three months ended March 31, 2023, 191,381 common shares were subscribed for under the ISPP (2022 — 129,303)
        for a value of $9.9 million (2022 — $7.9 million). The total compensation cost recognized during the three months ended
        March 31, 2023 related to the ISPP was $3.3 million (2022 — $2.6 million).

        C)    Restricted Share Unit (“RSU”) Plan

        During the three months ended March 31, 2023, 170,448 RSUs were granted (2022 — 366,586) and 323,000 RSUs were approved
        with a grant date fair value of $9.8 million for granted RSUs (2022 — $19.4 million) and an estimated fair value of $18.6 million
        for



                                                                      50
​




                                           AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                 NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                         (Unaudited)
                                                       March 31, 2023

    13. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

       approved RSUs. In the first three months of 2023, the Company funded a portion of the RSU plan by transferring $9.8 million
       (2022 — $19.4 million) to an employee benefit trust that then purchased common shares of the Company in the open market. On
       February 8, 2022, all outstanding Kirkland RSUs were converted to Agnico replacement RSUs in connection with the Merger
       (Note 5). The replacement RSU’s are accounted for as cash-settled share based liabilities. At each reporting date, and on
       settlement, the share based liabilities are remeasured, with changes in fair value recognized as compensation expense in the
       period.

       Compensation expense related to the RSU plan was $9.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 (2022 —
       $6.4 million). Compensation expense related to the RSU plan is included in the production and general and administrative line
       items of the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.


       D) Performance Share Unit (“PSU”) Plan

       During the three months ended March 31, 2023, 84,000 PSUs were approved (2022 — 157,500). The value of a PSU at the grant
       date approximated the market price of a common share of the Company on that date. The PSU’s are accounted for as cash-settled
       share based liabilities. At each reporting date, and on settlement, the share based liabilities are remeasured, with changes in fair
       value recognized as compensation expense in the period. On February 8, 2022, all outstanding Kirkland PSUs were converted to
       Agnico replacement PSUs in connection with the Merger (Note 5).

       Compensation expense related to the PSU plan was $1.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 (2022 —
       $7.0 million). Compensation expense related to the PSU plan is included in the production and general and administrative line
       items of the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.


       E)    Deferred Share Unit (“DSU”) Plan

       On February 8, 2022, all outstanding Kirkland DSUs were converted to 91,840 Agnico DSUs in connection with the Merger
       (Note 5). The DSU Plan is for non-executive directors of the Company and provides a cash payment, common shares, or a
       combination thereof on the date when a director ceases to be a director. These DSUs are classified as cash-settled share based
       liabilities. The fair value of the share based liabilities are remeasured at the end of each reporting period and at the date of
       settlement, with changes in fair value recognized as compensation expense or recovery in the period.

       There was no compensation expense related to the converted DSUs for the three months ended March 31, 2023 (2022 —
       $1.2 million). Charges related to the DSU plan during the three months ended March 31, 2022, were included in the general and
       administrative line item of the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.


    14. OTHER RESERVES

       The following table sets out the movements in other reserves for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022:

                                                                                                           Equity        Cash flow
                                                                                                         securities         hedge
       ​                                                                                             ​ ​ reserve ​ ​ reserve ​ ​ Total ​
       Balance at December 31, 2021                                                                  ​ ​ ​$ 65,065 ​ ​ ​ ​$(10,789)​ ​ ​ ​$ 54,276​
       Net change in cash flow hedge reserve                                                         ​ ​​​       — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 294 ​ ​ ​ ​       294​
       Net change in fair value of equity securities                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 26,748 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​   — ​ ​ ​ ​ 26,748​
       Balance at March 31, 2022                                                                     ​ ​ ​$ 91,813 ​ ​ ​ ​$(10,495)​ ​ ​ ​$ 81,318​
       Balance at December 31, 2022                                                                  ​ ​ ​$(20,518)​ ​ ​ ​$ (8,488)​ ​ ​ ​$(29,006​)
       Net change in cash flow hedge reserve                                                         ​ ​​​      — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 294 ​ ​ ​ ​        294​
       Transfer of net loss on disposal of equity securities to deficit                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,897 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​    — ​​ ​​     2,897​
       Net change in fair value of equity securities                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ (744)​ ​ ​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​​      (744)​
       Balance at March 31, 2023                                                                     ​ ​ ​$(18,365)​ ​ ​ ​$ (8,194)​ ​ ​ ​$(26,559)​

       The cash flow hedge reserve represents the settlement of an interest rate derivative related to the Senior Notes issued in 2020. The
       reserve will be amortized over the term of the Notes. Amortization of the reserve is included in the finance costs line item in the
       condensed interim consolidated statements of income.



                                                                          51
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                      March 31, 2023

    15. REVENUES FROM MINING OPERATIONS

       The Company has recognized the following amounts relating to revenue in the condensed interim consolidated statements of
       income:

                                                                                                                        Three Months Ended
       ​                                                                                                      ​ ​            March 31,     ​
       ​                                                                                                       ​ ​       2023   ​ ​ 2022 ​
       Revenues from contracts with customers                                                                  ​ ​ ​$ 1,509,743​ ​ ​ ​$ 1,324,852​
       Provisional pricing adjustments on concentrate sales                                                    ​ ​​ ​       (82​) ​ ​ ​ ​     836​
       Total revenues from mining operations                                                                   ​ ​ ​$1,509,661​ ​ ​ ​$1,325,688​

       The following table sets out the disaggregation of revenues by metal:

                                                                                                                        Three Months Ended
       ​                                                                                                      ​ ​            March 31,     ​
       ​                                                                                                       ​ ​       2023   ​ ​ 2022 ​
       Revenues from contracts with customers:                                                                 ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​           ​
       Gold                                                                                                    ​ ​ ​$ 1,487,152​ ​ ​ ​$ 1,301,170​
       Silver                                                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 14,924​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 16,060​
       Zinc                                                                                                    ​ ​​ ​     2,764​ ​ ​ ​ ​   1,001​
       Copper                                                                                                  ​ ​​ ​     4,903​ ​ ​ ​ ​   6,621​
       Total revenues from contracts with customers                                                            ​ ​ ​$1,509,743​ ​ ​ ​$1,324,852​


    16. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

       Currency Risk Management

       The Company uses foreign exchange economic hedges to reduce the variability in expected future cash flows arising from changes
       in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company is primarily exposed to currency fluctuations relative to the US dollar as a
       significant portion of the Company’s operating costs and capital expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the
       Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar, the Euro and the Mexican peso. These potential currency fluctuations increase the volatility
       of, and could have a significant impact on, the Company’s production costs and capital expenditures. The economic hedges relate
       to a portion of the foreign currency denominated cash outflows arising from foreign currency denominated expenditures.

       As at March 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding derivative contracts related to $2,728.4 million of 2023 and 2024
       expenditures (December 31, 2022 — $2,907.9 million). The Company recognized mark-to-market adjustments in the gain on
       derivative financial instruments line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income. The Company did not apply
       hedge accounting to these arrangements.

       Mark-to-market gains and losses related to foreign exchange derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value based on
       broker-dealer quotations corroborated by option pricing models that utilize period-end forward pricing of the applicable foreign
       currency to calculate fair value.

       The Company’s other foreign currency derivative strategies in 2023 and 2022 consisted mainly of writing US dollar call options
       with short maturities to generate premiums that would, in essence, enhance the spot transaction rate received when exchanging US
       dollars for Canadian dollars and Mexican pesos. All of these derivative transactions expired prior to period-end such that no
       derivatives were outstanding as at March 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. The call option premiums were recognized in the gain
       on derivative financial instruments line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

       Commodity Price Risk Management

       To mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating diesel fuel prices, the Company uses derivative financial instruments as economic
       hedges of the price risk on a portion of diesel fuel costs associated primarily with its Nunavut operations’ diesel fuel exposure.
       There were derivative financial instruments outstanding as at March 31, 2023 relating to 24.0 million gallons of heating oil
       (December 31, 2022 — 19.0 million). The related mark-to-market adjustments prior to settlement were recognized in the gain on
       derivative financial instruments line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income. The Company did not apply
       hedge accounting to these arrangements.

       Mark-to-market gains and losses related to heating oil derivative financial instruments are based on broker-dealer quotations that
       utilize period-end forward pricing to calculate fair value.



                                                                     52
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                      March 31, 2023

    16. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

       Share Purchase Warrants

       The Company holds warrants to acquire equity securities of certain issuers in the mining industry. These warrants are not part of
       the Company’s core operations, and accordingly, gains and losses from these investments are not representative of the Company’s
       performance during the year.

       The following table sets out a summary of the amounts recognized in the gain on derivative financial instruments line item in the
       condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

                                                                                                                     Three Months Ended
       ​                                                                                                         ​        March 31,    ​
       ​                                                                                                        ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​
       Premiums realized on written foreign exchange call options                                               ​ ​$    —​ ​ ​ ​$ (318)​
       Unrealized gain on warrants                                                                              ​ ​ ​ (4,663​) ​ ​ ​ ​ (913​)
       Realized loss (gain) on currency and commodity derivatives                                               ​ ​ ​ 14,012​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (3,378​)
       Unrealized gain on currency and commodity derivatives                                                    ​ ​ ​(15,888​) ​ ​ ​ ​(24,055​)
       Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                 ​ ​ $ (6,539​) ​ ​ ​$(28,664​)


    17. OTHER EXPENSES

       The following table sets out amounts recognized in the other expenses line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements
       of income:

                                                                                                                     Three Months Ended
       ​                                                                                                         ​        March 31,    ​
       ​                                                                                                        ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​
       Loss on disposal of property, plant and mine development (Note 9)                                        ​ ​ ​$ 2,542 ​ ​ ​ ​$ 1,086 ​
       Interest income                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​(2,468)​ ​ ​ ​ ​(1,205)​
       Temporary suspension and other costs due to COVID-19                                                     ​ ​​​      — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,042 ​
       Acquisition costs (Note 5)                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​15,239 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​80,767 ​
       Environmental remediation                                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ (557)​ ​ ​ ​ ​(2,299)​
       Other costs                                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 5,367 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,208 ​
       Total other expenses                                                                                     ​ ​ ​$20,123 ​ ​ ​ ​$89,599 ​

       In the three months ended March 31, 2023 the Company incurred $15.2 million of transaction costs in connection with the Yamana
       Transaction (Note 5). In the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company incurred $80.8 million of transaction and severance
       costs in connection with the Merger (Note 5).




                                                                    53
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                  NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                        March 31, 2023

    18. SEGMENTED INFORMATION

       ​                                                        ​​                   Three Months Ended March 31, 2023                          ​
                                                                   Revenues from                            Exploration and        Segment
                                                                      Mining       Production                 Corporate            Income
       ​                                                        ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs               ​ ​ Development ​ ​        (Loss)      ​
       LaRonde mine                                             ​ ​ ​$ 102,220     ​​ ​   ​$ (39,707) ​​ ​    ​$      —     ​​ ​ ​$    62,513   ​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 29,522     ​​ ​   ​ ​ (22,224) ​​ ​   ​​      —     ​​ ​ ​ ​    7,298   ​
       Canadian Malartic Complex                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 138,074    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (57,291) ​​ ​   ​ ​ (3,313)   ​​ ​ ​ ​   77,470   ​
       Goldex mine                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 68,063     ​​ ​   ​ ​ (27,835) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​ ​ ​   40,228   ​
       Meliadine mine                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 169,534    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (81,194) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​ ​ ​   88,340   ​
       Meadowbank Complex                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 209,813    ​​ ​   ​ ​(130,004) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 79,809     ​
       Kittila mine                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 116,019    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (53,295) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 62,724     ​
       Detour Lake mine                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 306,595    ​​ ​   ​ ​(114,022) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 192,573    ​
       Macassa mine                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 117,859    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (37,959) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 79,900     ​
       Fosterville mine                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 169,301    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (36,599) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 132,702    ​
       Pinos Altos mine                                         ​​ ​ ​    51,448   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (32,922) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​ ​ ​   18,526   ​
       Creston Mascota mine                                     ​​ ​ ​        —    ​​ ​   ​​       — ​​ ​     ​​     —      ​​ ​ ​ ​       —  ​
       La India mine                                            ​​ ​ ​    31,213   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (20,092) ​​ ​   ​​      —     ​​ ​ ​ ​ 11,121 ​
       Exploration(i)                                           ​​ ​ ​       —     ​​ ​   ​​       — ​​ ​     ​ ​(50,455)   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (50,455) ​
       Segment totals                                           ​ ​ ​$1,509,661    ​​ ​   ​$(653,144) ​​ ​    ​$(53,768)    ​​ ​ ​$ 802,749 ​
       Total segments income                                                                                                ​ ​ ​$ 802,749 ​
       Corporate and other:                                                                                                 ​​
         Amortization of property, plant and mine development                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ (303,959) ​
             General and administrative                                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ (48,208) ​
             Finance costs                                                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ (23,448) ​
             Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                       ​​ ​ ​     6,539 ​
             Foreign currency translation loss                                                                              ​​ ​ ​      (220) ​
             Care and maintenance                                                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ (11,245) ​
             Revaluation gain                                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​1,543,414 ​
             Other expenses                                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ (20,123) ​
       Income before income and mining taxes                                                                                ​ ​ ​$1,945,499     ​
       ​




       Note:
       (i)     Exploration includes the Hope Bay project.




                                                                     54
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                  NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                        March 31, 2023

    18. SEGMENTED INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                     Three Months Ended March 31, 2022
       ​                                                        ​​                           Restated (Note 5)                                  ​
                                                                   Revenues from                            Exploration and        Segment
                                                                      Mining       Production                 Corporate            Income
       ​                                                        ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs               ​ ​ Development ​ ​        (Loss)      ​
       LaRonde mine                                             ​ ​ ​$ 149,405     ​​ ​   ​$ (45,841) ​​ ​    ​$      —     ​​ ​   ​$ 103,564   ​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 33,389     ​​ ​   ​ ​ (16,733) ​​ ​   ​​      —     ​​ ​   ​ ​ 16,656   ​
       Canadian Malartic Complex                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 136,239    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (56,937) ​​ ​   ​ ​ (5,059)   ​​ ​   ​ ​ 74,243   ​
       Goldex mine                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 63,335     ​​ ​   ​ ​ (26,217) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​   ​ ​ 37,118   ​
       Meliadine mine                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 162,958    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (78,679) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​   ​ ​ 84,279  ​
       Meadowbank Complex                                       ​​ ​ ​    91,513   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (96,711) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​   ​ ​ (5,198) ​
       Kittila Mine                                             ​​ ​ ​    95,562   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (49,451) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​   ​ ​ 46,111 ​
       Detour Lake mine                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 248,023    ​​ ​   ​ ​(119,965) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​   ​ ​ 128,058 ​
       Macassa mine                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 56,469     ​​ ​   ​ ​ (32,314) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​   ​ ​ 24,155 ​
       Fosterville mine                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 194,857    ​​ ​   ​ ​ (88,001) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​   ​ ​ 106,856 ​
       Pinos Altos mine                                         ​​ ​ ​    51,967   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (32,536) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​   ​ ​ 19,431   ​
       Creston Mascota mine                                     ​​ ​ ​     1,792   ​​ ​   ​​     (615) ​​ ​   ​​     —      ​​ ​   ​ ​ 1,177    ​
       La India mine                                            ​​ ​ ​    40,035   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (17,735) ​​ ​   ​​      —     ​​ ​   ​ ​ 22,300 ​
       Exploration(i)                                           ​​ ​ ​      144    ​​ ​   ​​       — ​​ ​     ​ ​(60,783)   ​​ ​   ​ ​ (60,639) ​
       Segment totals                                           ​ ​ ​$1,325,688    ​​ ​   ​$(661,735) ​​ ​    ​$(65,842)    ​​ ​   ​$ 598,111 ​
       Total segments income                                                                                                ​​     ​$ 598,111   ​
       Corporate and other:                                                                                                 ​​
         Amortization of property, plant and mine development                                                               ​​     ​ ​(255,644) ​
             General and administrative                                                                                     ​​     ​ ​ (67,542) ​
             Finance costs                                                                                                  ​​     ​ ​ (22,653) ​
             Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                       ​​     ​ ​ 28,664 ​
             Foreign currency translation loss                                                                              ​​     ​ ​ (1,210) ​
             Care and maintenance                                                                                           ​​     ​ ​ (10,456) ​
             Other expenses                                                                                                 ​​     ​ ​ (89,599) ​
       Income before income and mining taxes                                                                                ​​     ​$ 179,671 ​
       ​




       Note:
       (i)     Exploration includes the Hope Bay project.




                                                                     55
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                      March 31, 2023

    18. SEGMENTED INFORMATION (Continued)

       The following table sets out total assets by segment:

       ​                                                                                                   ​ ​         Total Assets as at      ​
                                                                                                                  March 31,       December 31,
       ​                                                                                                    ​ ​     2023      ​ ​     2022     ​
       LaRonde mine                                                                                         ​ ​ ​$ 1,003,713​ ​ ​ ​$ 987,821 ​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 118,519​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 115,404 ​
       Canadian Malartic Complex                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,395,949​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,582,406 ​
       Goldex mine                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 361,508​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 339,390 ​
       Meliadine mine                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,299,090​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,323,873 ​
       Meadowbank Complex                                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,340,277​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,387,335 ​
       Kittila mine                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,676,508​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,647,353 ​
       Detour Lake mine                                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,166,202​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,120,416 ​
       Macassa mine                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,354,224​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,266,891 ​
       Fosterville mine                                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,286,332​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,224,645 ​
       Pinos Altos mine                                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 470,267​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 463,823 ​
       Creston Mascota mine                                                                                 ​ ​​ ​     3,894​ ​ ​ ​ ​     4,864 ​
       La India mine                                                                                        ​ ​​ ​   137,470​ ​ ​ ​ ​   150,967 ​
       Exploration                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 979,974​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 821,718 ​
       Corporate and other                                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,052,489​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,057,902 ​
       Total assets                                                                                         ​ ​ ​$29,646,416​ ​ ​ ​$23,494,808 ​


    19. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

       As part of its ongoing business and operations, the Company has been required to provide assurance in the form of letters of credit
       for environmental and site restoration costs, custom credits, government grants and other general corporate purposes. As at
       March 31, 2023, the total amount of these guarantees was $895.6 million.

       As at March 31, 2023 the Company had $208.8 million of commitments related to capital expenditures.

    20. ONGOING LITIGATION

       Kirkland

       Effective as of February 8, 2022, the Company acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Kirkland in the Merger (Note 5).
       Kirkland had previously disclosed the existence of certain contingent liabilities relating to outstanding litigation matters involving
       Kirkland and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries, some of which were amalgamated as part of a pre-closing corporate reorganization
       completed in early February 2022. One litigation matter remains outstanding as at March 31, 2023. Management believes that the
       claim has no merit and intends to defend it vigorously. No amounts have been recorded for any potential liability and the Company
       believes that the likelihood of loss is undeterminable at this point.

       Kirkland is the defendant in two putative class action complaints filed on June 29, 2020 and July 17, 2020 (and subsequently
       amended) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the “Court”). The complaints allege that
       during the period from January 8, 2018 to November 25, 2019, Kirkland and Kirkland’s former chief executive officer violated the
       United States securities laws by misrepresenting or failing to disclose material information regarding Kirkland’s acquisition of
       Detour Gold Corporation, which closed in January 2020.

       Following motions filed by both individual complainants, the Court entered an order on September 24, 2020 appointing one lead
       plaintiff and one lead counsel. On January 22, 2021, Kirkland filed a motion to dismiss. On September 30, 2021, the Court
       dismissed certain of the plaintiff’s claims against Kirkland. Since then, the parties have continued with the documentary and oral
       discovery process. The Company continues to believe that the one outstanding claim is without merit.

       Kittila permits

       In May 2020, the Regional State Administrative Agency of Northern Finland (the “RSAA”) granted Agnico Eagle Finland Oy
       (“Agnico Finland”) environmental and water permits that allowed Agnico Finland to enlarge its second carbon-in-leach (“CIL2”)



                                                                      56
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
              NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                      (Unaudited)
                                                    March 31, 2023

    20. ONGOING LITIGATION (Continued)

       tailings storage facility, expand the operations of the Kittila mine to 2.0 Mtpa and build a new discharge waterline. The permits
       were subsequently appealed by a third party to the Vaasa Administrative Court (the “VAC”). In July 2022, the appeals were
       granted, in part, with the result that the permits were returned for reconsideration to the RSAA.

       In August 2022, Agnico Finland appealed the decisions of the VAC to the Supreme Administrative Court of Finland (the “SAC”)
       and requested that the SAC restore the permits through an interim decision pending the ultimate result of Agnico Finland’s appeal.

       On November 1, 2022, the SAC issued an interim decision upholding the initial CIL2 tailings storage facility permit and restoring
       permitted nitrogen emission levels for the year 2022. However, the SAC interim decision didn’t uphold the permit for the
       expansion of the mine to 2.0 Mtpa. The VAC decision is valid until a final decision is issued by the SAC. In the fourth quarter of
       2022, Agnico Finland reduced its underground production levels to comply with the mining volume requirements. Agnico Finland
       expects a final decision from the SAC in the second half of 2023.

       If the SAC does not reinstate Agnico Finland’s permits as granted by the RSAA in 2020 to produce at, or close to, 2.0 Mtpa, the
       Company intends to submit an updated permit application for 2.0 Mtpa output level or higher.

    21. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

       San Nicolás Copper-Zinc Project Joint Venture

       On April 6, 2023, Agnico and Teck Resources Limited (“Teck”) entered into a joint venture shareholders agreement in respect of
       the San Nicolás copper-zinc development project. The agreement provides that Agnico, through a wholly-owned Mexican
       subsidiary, will subscribe for a 50% interest in Minas de San Nicolás, S.A.P.I. de C.V. (“MSN”) for $580.0 million, to be
       contributed as study and development costs are incurred by MSN. For governance purposes, the agreement treats Agnico Eagle as
       a 50% shareholder of MSN regardless of the number of shares that have been issued to Agnico Eagle or its affiliates, except in
       certain circumstances of default. The Company will account for its deemed 50% interest in the joint venture as an equity-method
       investment and will recognize a corresponding liability in the amount of $290.0 million, which represents the minimum funding
       obligation of the Company under the agreement.

       Term Credit Facility

       On April 20, 2023, Agnico Eagle entered into a credit agreement with a group of financial institutions that provides a $600 million
       unsecured term credit facility (the “Term Credit Facility”). The Company expects to draw down in full on the Term Credit Facility
       on April 28, 2023. The Term Credit Facility matures and all indebtedness thereunder is due and payable on April 21, 2025. The
       Term Credit Facility is available as a single advance in US dollars through SOFR and base rate advances, priced at the applicable
       rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.00% to 2.00% depending on the Company’s credit rating.

       Dividends Declared

       On April 27, 2023, Agnico Eagle announced that the Board approved the payment of a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per
       common share (a total value of approximately $197.4 million), payable on June 15, 2023 to holders of record of the common
       shares of the Company on June 1, 2023.




                                                                    57
​




    [MISSING IMAGE: lg_agnicoeagle-bw.jpg]
