EX-99.1 2 tm2220357d2_ex99-1.htm EXHIBIT 99.1
​




                                                                           Exhibit 99.1​




                                         [MISSING IMAGE: lg_agnicoeagle-
                                                     bw.jpg]




                             Second Quarter Report 2022
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) dated July 27, 2022 of Agnico Eagle Mines
    Limited (“Agnico Eagle” or the “Company”) should be read in conjunction with the Company’s condensed
    interim consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 (the “Second
    Quarter Financial Statements”) that were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
    Standards (“IFRS”), International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued
    by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). This MD&A should also be read in conjunction
    with the Company’s annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“Annual MD&A”) and annual
    consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS (“Annual Financial Statements”) filed
    with Canadian securities regulators and included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 40-F for the
    year ended December 31, 2021 (the “Form 40-F”). The condensed interim consolidated financial statements
    and this MD&A are presented in United States dollars (“US dollars”, “$” or “US$”) and all units of
    measurement are expressed using the metric system, unless otherwise specified. Certain information in this
    MD&A is presented in Canadian dollars (“C$”), Australian dollars (“A$”), Mexican pesos or European
    Union euros (“Euros” or “€”). Additional information relating to the Company is included in the Company’s
    Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the “AIF”). The AIF, Annual MD&A and
    Annual Financial Statements are available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ (the “CSA”) SEDAR
    website at www.sedar.com and the Form 40-F is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    (“SEC”) at www.sec.gov/edgar.

    Forward Looking Statements
    Certain statements contained in this MD&A referred to herein as “forward-looking statements”, constitute
    “forward-looking information” under the provisions of Canadian provincial securities laws and constitute
    “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
    Act of 1995. These statements relate to, among other things, the Company’s plans, objectives, expectations,
    estimates, beliefs, strategies and intentions and can generally be identified by the use of words such as
    “anticipate”, “believe”, “budget”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “forecast”, “likely”, “may”, “plan”,
    “project”, “schedule”, “should”, “target”, “will”, “would” or other variations of these terms or similar
    words. Forward-looking statements in this MD&A include the following:
        • the Company’s outlook for 2022 and future periods;
        • anticipated levels or trends for prices of gold and by-product metals mined by the Company or for
          exchange rates between currencies in which capital is raised, revenue is generated or expenses are
          incurred by the Company;
        • statements regarding the Company’s forward-looking production outlook, including estimated ore
          grades, recovery rates, project timelines, drilling results, metal production, life of mine estimates,
          total cash costs per ounce, all-in sustaining costs per ounce, minesite costs per tonne, other expenses,
          and cash flows;
        • statements regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to reduce the spread
          of COVID-19 and its variants on the Company’s future operations and overall business;
        • statements regarding the estimated timing and conclusions of technical studies and evaluations;
        • statements regarding the methods by which ore will be extracted or processed;
        • statements concerning the Company’s expansion plans at the Kittila mine, Meliadine mine’s Phase 2
          project, the Amaruq underground project and the Odyssey project, including the timing, funding,
          completion and commissioning thereof;
        • statements concerning other expansion projects, recovery rates, mill throughput, optimization and
          projected exploration, including costs and other estimates upon which such projections are based;


                                                         1
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

        • statements regarding timing and amounts of capital expenditures, other expenditures and other cash
          needs, financing costs and expectations as to the funding or reductions thereof;
        • statements regarding estimates of future mineral reserves, mineral resources, effect of drill results on
          future mineral reserves and mineral resources, mineral production, and sales;
        • statements regarding the projected development of certain ore deposits, including estimates of
          exploration, development and production and other capital costs and estimates of the timing of such
          exploration, development and production or decisions with respect to such exploration, development
          and production;
        • statements regarding the Company’s ability to obtain the necessary permits and authorizations in
          connection with its proposed or current exploration, development and mining operations and the
          anticipated timing thereof;
        • statements regarding anticipated future exploration;
        • statements about the Company’s plans at its Hope Bay mine;
        • statements regarding the anticipated timing of events with respect to the Company’s mine sites;
        • statements regarding the sufficiency of the Company’s cash resources;
        • statements regarding the Company’s normal course issuer bid;
        • statements regarding future activity with respect to the Company’s unsecured revolving bank credit
          facility;
        • statements regarding future dividend amounts and payment dates; and
        • statements regarding anticipated trends with respect to the Company’s operations, exploration and
          the funding thereof.

    Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of factors and assumptions that, while
    considered reasonable by Agnico Eagle as of the date of such statements, are inherently subject to
    significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies. The factors and
    assumptions of Agnico Eagle upon which the forward-looking statements in this MD&A are based, and
    which may prove to be incorrect, include the assumptions set out elsewhere in this MD&A as well as: that
    governments, the Company or others do not take measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or
    otherwise that, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect the Company’s ability to operate its
    business; that measures taken in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic do not affect productivity; that
    measures taken relating to, or other effects of, the COVID-19 pandemic do not affect the Company’s ability
    to obtain necessary supplies and deliver them to its mine sites; that there are no significant disruptions
    affecting Agnico Eagle’s operations, whether due to labour disruptions, supply disruptions, damage to
    equipment, natural or man-made occurrences, pandemics, mining or milling issues, political changes, title
    issues, community protests, including by First Nations groups, or otherwise; that permitting, development,
    expansion and the ramp up of operations at each of Agnico Eagle’s mines, mine development projects and
    exploration projects proceed on a basis consistent with expectations and that Agnico Eagle does not change
    its exploration or development plans relating to such projects; that the exchange rates between the Canadian
    dollar, Australian dollar, Euro, Mexican peso and the U.S. dollar will be approximately consistent with
    Agnico Eagle’s expectations; that prices for gold, silver, zinc and copper will be consistent with Agnico
    Eagle’s expectations; that prices for key mining and construction supplies, including labour costs, remain
    consistent with Agnico Eagle’s expectations; that production meets expectations; that Agnico Eagle’s
    current estimates of mineral reserves, mineral resources, mineral grades and mineral recoveries are accurate;
    that there are no material delays in the timing for completion of development projects; that seismic activity
    at the Company’s operations at LaRonde, Goldex and other properties is as expected by the Company; that
    the Company’s current plans to optimize production are successful; and that there are no material variations
    in the current tax and regulatory environments that affect Agnico Eagle.


                                                         2
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    The forward-looking statements in this MD&A reflect the Company’s views as at the date of this MD&A
    and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause the actual results,
    performance or achievements of the Company or industry results to be materially different from any future
    results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these
    uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
    speak only as of the date made. Except as otherwise required by law, the Company expressly disclaims any
    obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any
    change in the Company’s expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any
    such statement is based.

    For a more detailed discussion of such risks and other factors that may affect the Company’s ability to
    achieve the expectations set forth in the forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A, see the AIF
    and Annual MD&A as well as the Company’s other filings with the Canadian securities regulators and the
    SEC. Other than as required by law, the Company does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to
    update these forward-looking statements.
    Meaning of “including” and “such as”: When used in this MD&A the terms “including” and “such as” mean
    including and such as, without limitation.




                                                         3
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    NOTE TO INVESTORS CONCERNING CERTAIN MEASURES OF PERFORMANCE

    This MD&A discloses certain financial performance measures, including “total cash costs per ounce”, “all-
    in sustaining costs per ounce”, “minesite costs per tonne”, “adjusted net income”, “adjusted net income per
    share”, “realized prices”, “sustaining capital expenditures”, “development capital expenditures” and
    “operating margin” that are not standardized measures under IFRS. These measures may not be comparable
    to similar measures reported by other gold producers. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most
    directly comparable financial information presented in the condensed interim consolidated financial
    statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures in this
    MD&A.
    The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (also referred to as total cash costs per ounce) is reported on
    both a by-product basis (deducting by-product metal revenues from production costs) and co-product basis
    (without deducting by-product metal revenues). The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is intended
    to provide information about the cash-generating capabilities of the Company’s mining operations. Total
    cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis is calculated by adjusting production costs as
    recorded in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income (loss) for by-product revenues,
    inventory production costs, the impacts of purchase price allocation to inventory accounting, realized gains
    and losses on hedges of production costs, operational care and maintenance costs due to COVID-19,
    production costs associated with the retrospective adjustments from the application of the
    IAS 16 amendments and other adjustments, which include the costs associated with a 5% in-kind royalty
    paid by the Canadian Malartic mine, a 2% in-kind royalty paid by the Detour Lake mine, a 1.5% in-kind
    royalty paid by the Macassa mine, as well as smelting, refining and marketing charges and then dividing by
    the number of ounces of gold produced excluding production prior to the achievement of commercial
    production. Certain line items such as operational care and maintenance costs due to COVID-19, and
    realized gains and losses on hedges of production costs were previously classified as “other adjustments”
    and have now been disclosed separately to provide additional detail about these reconciling items, allowing
    investors to better understand the impact of such events on the cash operating costs per ounce and minesite
    cost per tonne. The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis is calculated in the
    same manner as the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis, except that no
    adjustment is made for by-product metal revenues. Accordingly, the calculation of total cash costs per ounce
    of gold produced on a co-product basis does not reflect a reduction in production costs or smelting, refining
    and marketing charges associated with the production and sale of by-product metals. Management uses this
    measure to, and believes it is helpful to investors so they can, understand and monitor the performance of
    the Company’s mining operations. The Company believes that total cash costs per ounce is useful to help
    investors understand the costs associated with gold production and the economics of gold mining. As market
    prices for gold are quoted on a per ounce basis, using the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a
    by-product basis measure allows management and investors to assess a mine’s cash-generating capabilities
    at various gold prices. Management is aware, and investors should note, that these per ounce measures of
    performance can be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates and, in the case of total cash costs per ounce
    of gold produced on a by-product basis, by-product metal prices. Management compensates for these
    inherent limitations by using, and investors should also consider, these measures in conjunction with
    minesite costs per tonne as well as other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. Management also performs
    sensitivity analysis in order to quantify the effects of fluctuating metal prices and exchange rates. Investors
    should note that total cash costs per ounce are not reflective of all cash expenditures as they do not include
    income tax payments, interest costs or dividend payments. This measure also does not include depreciation
    or amortization.
    Agnico Eagle’s primary business is gold production and the focus of its current operations and future
    development is on maximizing returns from gold production, with other metal production being incidental
    to the gold production process. Accordingly, all metals other than gold are considered by-products.
    In this MD&A, unless otherwise indicated, total cash cost per ounce of gold produced is reported on a by-
    product basis. Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is reported on a by-product basis because (i) the


                                                          4
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    majority of the Company’s revenues are from gold (ii) the Company mines ore, which contains gold, silver,
    zinc, copper and other metals, (iii) it is not possible to specifically assign all costs to revenues from the
    gold, silver, zinc, copper and other metals the Company produce (iv) it is a method used by management
    and the Board to monitor operations, and (v) many other gold producers disclose similar measures on a by-
    product rather than a co-product basis. Investors should also consider these measures in conjunction with
    other data prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    All-in sustaining costs (“AISC”) per ounce of gold produced (also referred to as all-in sustaining cost per
    ounce) on a by-product basis is used to reflect the Company’s total sustaining expenditures of producing and
    selling an ounce of gold while maintaining the Company’s current operations. AISC per ounce is calculated
    as the aggregate of total cash costs on a by-product basis, sustaining capital expenditures (including
    capitalized exploration), general and administrative expenses (including stock options), lease payments
    related to sustaining assets and reclamation expenses, and then dividing by the number of ounces of gold
    produced (excluding production prior to the achievement of commercial production). These additional costs
    reflect the additional expenditures that are required to be made to maintain current production levels. AISC
    per ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis is calculated in the same manner as the AISC per ounce of
    gold produced on a by-product basis, except that the total cash costs on a co-product basis are used,
    meaning no adjustment is made for by-product metal revenues. Management is aware, and investors should
    note, that these per ounce measures of performance can be affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
    and, in the case of AISC of gold produced on a by-product basis, by-product metal prices. Management
    compensates for this inherent limitations by using these measures in conjunction with minesite costs per
    tonne as well as other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. Investors should note that AISC per ounce is
    not reflective of all cash expenditures as it does not include income tax payments, interest costs or dividend
    payments. This measure also does not include depreciation or amortization. In this MD&A, unless otherwise
    indicated, AISC per ounce of gold produced is reported on a by-product basis.
    The World Gold Council (“WGC”) is a non-regulatory market development organization for the gold
    industry. Although the WGC is not a mining industry regulatory organization, it has worked closely with its
    member companies to develop relevant non-GAAP measures. The Company follows the guidance on all-in
    sustaining costs released by the WGC in November 2018. Adoption of the all-in sustaining costs per ounce
    of gold produced measure is voluntary and, notwithstanding the Company’s adoption of the WGC’s
    guidance, all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced reported by the Company may not be
    comparable to data reported by other gold producers. The Company believes that this measure provides
    helpful information about operating performance. However, this non-GAAP measure should be considered
    together with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS as it is not necessarily indicative of operating
    costs or cash flow measures prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Minesite costs per tonne are calculated by adjusting production costs as recorded in the condensed interim
    consolidated statements of income (loss) for inventory production costs, operational care and maintenance
    costs due to COVID-19, and other adjustments, and then dividing by tonnage of ore processed (excluding
    the tonnage processed prior to the achievement of commercial production). As the total cash costs per ounce
    of gold produced can be affected by fluctuations in by-product metal prices and foreign exchange rates,
    management believes that minesite costs per tonne is useful measure for investors as it provides additional
    information regarding the performance of mining operations, eliminating the impact of varying production
    levels. Management also uses this measure to determine the economic viability of mining blocks. As each
    mining block is evaluated based on the net realizable value of each tonne mined, in order to be
    economically viable the estimated revenue on a per tonne basis must be in excess of the minesite costs per
    tonne. Management is aware, and investors should note, that this per tonne measure of performance can be
    affected by fluctuations in processing levels. This inherent limitation may be partially mitigated by using
    this measure in conjunction with production costs prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share are calculated by adjusting the net income as
    recorded in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income for the effects of certain non-
    recurring, unusual


                                                          5
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    and other items that the Company believes are not reflective of the Company’s underlying performance for
    the reporting period. Adjusted net income is calculated by adjusting net income for foreign currency
    translation gains or losses, realized and unrealized gains or losses on derivative financial instruments,
    impairment loss charges and reversals, environmental remediation, severance and transaction costs related
    to acquisitions, purchase price allocations to inventory, income and mining taxes adjustments as well as
    other items (which includes changes in estimates of asset retirement obligations at closed sites, gains and
    losses on the disposal of assets, multi-year donations and integration costs). Adjusted net income per share
    is calculated by dividing adjusted net income by the number of shares outstanding on a basic and diluted
    basis. The Company believes that these generally accepted industry measures are useful in that they allow
    for the evaluation of the results of continuing operations and in making comparisons between periods.
    Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share are intended to provide investors with information
    about the Company’s continuing income generating capabilities. Management uses this measure to, and
    believes it is helpful to investors so they can, understand and monitor for the operating performance of the
    Company in conjunction with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS.

    Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data
    presented by other gold producers. This measure is calculated by deducting production costs from revenue
    from mining operations. In order to reconcile operating margin to net income as recorded in the condensed
    interim consolidated financial statements, the company adds the following items to the operating margin:
    Income and mining taxes expense; other expenses (income); care and maintenance expenses; foreign
    currency translation (gain) loss; environmental remediation costs; gain (loss) on derivative financial
    instruments; finance costs; general and administrative expenses; amortization of property, plant and mine
    development; exploration and corporate development expenses; and impairment losses (reversals).
    Management uses this measure internally for planning purposes and to forecast future operating results.The
    Company believes that operating margin is a useful measure that reflects the operating performance of its
    individual mines associated with the ongoing production and sale of gold and by-product metals without
    allocating company-wide overhead (including exploration and corporate development expenses,
    amortization of property, plant and mine development, general and administrative expenses, finance costs,
    gains and losses on derivative financial instruments, environmental remediation costs, foreign currency
    translation gains and losses, care and maintenance expenses, other income and expenses and income and
    mining tax expenses). This measure is intended to provide investors with additional information about the
    Company’s underlying operating results and should be evaluated in conjunction with other data prepared in
    accordance with IFRS.
    Realized prices are calculated as revenue from mining operations by metal divided by the volume of metal
    sold. Management uses realized prices to, and believes is helpful to investors so they can, evaluate the
    impact of changing metals prices on the Company’s revenue in each reporting period. Management also
    performs sensitivity analyses in order to quantify the effects of fluctuating metal prices and foreign
    exchange rates.

    Capital expenditures are classified into sustaining capital expenditures and development capital
    expenditures. Sustaining capital expenditures are expenditures incurred during the production phase to
    sustain and maintain the existing assets so they can achieve constant expected levels of production. This
    measure includes expenditures on assets so that they retain their existing productive capacity as well as
    expenditures that enhance performance and reliability of the operations. Development capital expenditures
    are expenditures incurred at new projects and expenditures at existing operations that are undertaken with
    the intention to increase net present value through higher production levels or extensions of mine life above
    the current plans. Management uses these measures in the capital allocation process and to assess the
    effectiveness of its investments, management believes these measures are useful so investors can assess the
    purpose and effectiveness of the capital expenditures split between sustaining and development in each
    reporting period. While the Company follows the WGC guidance in its classification of capital expenditures
    into sustaining or development, the classification between sustaining and development capital expenditures
    does not have a standardized definition in accordance with IFRS and other companies may classify
    expenditures in a different manner.


                                                         6
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                  For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    This MD&A also contains information as to estimated future total cash costs per ounce, AISC per ounce and
    minesite costs per tonne. The estimates are based upon the total cash costs per ounce, AISC per ounce and
    minesite costs per tonne that the Company expects to incur to mine gold at its mines and projects and,
    consistent with the reconciliation of these actual costs referred to above, do not include production costs
    attributable to accretion expense and other asset retirement costs, which will vary over time as each project
    is developed and mined. It is therefore not practicable to reconcile these forward-looking non-GAAP
    financial measures to the most comparable IFRS measure.
    Payable production (a non-GAAP non-financial performance measure) is the quantity of mineral produced
    during a period contained in products that have been or will be sold by the Company, whether such products
    are sold during the period or held as inventories at the end of the period.

    Business Overview

    Agnico Eagle is a senior Canadian gold mining company that has produced precious metals since its
    formation in 1972. The Company’s mines are located in Canada, Australia, Mexico and Finland, with
    exploration and development activities in Canada, Australia, Europe, Latin America and the United States.
    The Company and its shareholders have full exposure to gold prices due to its long-standing policy of no
    forward gold sales. Agnico Eagle has declared a cash dividend every year since 1983.
    Agnico Eagle earns a significant proportion of its revenue and cash flow from the production and sale of
    gold in both dore bar and concentrate form. The remainder of revenue and cash flow is generated by the
    production and sale of by-product metals, primarily silver, zinc and copper.

    Agnico Eagle’s operating mines and development projects are located in what the Company believes to be
    politically stable countries that are supportive of the mining industry. The political stability of the regions in
    which Agnico Eagle operates helps to provide confidence in its current and future prospects and
    profitability. This is important for Agnico Eagle as it believes that many of its current mines and projects
    have long-term mining potential.

    Recent Developments

    Merger with Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. (“Kirkland”)
    The Company announced on September 28, 2021 that they had entered into an agreement with Kirkland to
    combine in a merger of equals (the “Merger”) and continue under the name “Agnico Eagle Mines Limited”.
    Agnico Eagle and Kirkland closed the transaction on February 8, 2022, with Agnico acquiring 100% of the
    issued and outstanding Kirkland shares. Each Kirkland shareholder received 0.7935 common shares of
    Agnico for each Kirkland share, which resulted in the issuance of 209,274,263 Agnico common shares.
    Agnico began consolidating the operating results, cash flows and net assets of Kirkland from February 8,
    2022. Kirkland is now a subsidiary of Agnico Eagle. Kirkland was a publicly traded mining company with
    ownership interests in the Detour Lake and Macassa mines in Ontario, Canada and the Fosterville mine in
    Australia.

    Normal Course Issuer Bid

    On April 29, 2022, the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”) accepted the Company’s notice of intention to
    establish a normal course issuer bid ( “NCIB”). The NCIB commenced on May 4, 2022 and will terminate
    on May 3, 2023, or such earlier date by which the Company has repurchased the maximum number of
    common shares authorized to be repurchased under the NCIB or on which the Company otherwise elects to
    terminate the NCIB. Under the NCIB, the Company is authorized to repurchase for cancellation up to a
    maximum of 22,785,308 common shares, representing 5% of the 455,706,160 common shares issued and
    outstanding as of April 28, 2022. However, the Company intends to repurchase a maximum of
    $500.0 million of its common shares under the NCIB.


                                                            7
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                  For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Purchases under the NCIB may be made through the facilities of the TSX, the New York Stock Exchange or
    any other eligible alternative Canadian trading system on which the Company’s common shares are traded,
    in each case, based on the prevailing market price of the Company’s common shares at the time of
    repurchase or such other price as may be permitted by the TSX, plus applicable brokerage fees. For
    purposes of the TSX rules, a maximum of 341,827 common shares may be repurchased by the Company on
    any one trading day under the NCIB program, except where repurchases are made in accordance with the
    “block purchase exception” of the TSX rules. The average daily trading volume for the six months ended
    March 31, 2022 was 1,367,311 common shares. Since the commencement of the NCIB, the Company
    repurchased for cancellation an aggregate of 453,000 common shares at an average price of $49.13 per
    common share, for a aggregate cost of approximately $22.3 million.

    Impact of COVID-19 on the Company’s Business and Operations

    In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus known as COVID-19 surfaced in Wuhan, China and has
    spread around the world, with resulting business and social disruption. COVID-19 was declared a
    worldwide pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020. The speed and extent of the
    spread of COVID-19 and its variants, and the duration and intensity of resulting business disruption and
    related financial and social impact, remain uncertain. Further, the extent and manner in which COVID-19,
    and measures taken by governments, the Company or others to attempt to reduce the spread of COVID-19
    and its variants, may affect the Company cannot be predicted with certainty.
    COVID-19, its variants and these measures have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on many
    aspects of the Company’s business including, employee health, workforce productivity and availability,
    travel, contractor availability, availability of supplies, ability to sell or deliver gold doré bars or concentrate,
    the Company’s ability to maintain its controls and procedures regarding financial and disclosure matters and
    the availability of insurance and the costs thereof, some of which, individually or when aggregated with
    other impacts, may be material to the Company. Measures taken by governments, the Company or others in
    relation to COVID-19 and its variants could result in the Company reducing or suspending operations at one
    or more of its mines.
    In September and October of 2021, there were a significant number of COVID-19 cases identified at the
    Hope Bay minesite. As a precautionary measure, the Company decided to suspend mining and milling
    operations as it investigated opportunities to improve screening, testing and health protocols at site. On
    February 18, 2022, the Company announced that it decided to maintain the suspension of production
    activities at the Doris mine, in order to dedicate the infrastructure of the Hope Bay site to exploration
    activities.
    In December 2021, the Company experienced an increase in COVID-19 cases at its Nunavut operations
    given the increased spread and transmission of the Omicron variant of COVID-19. The Company took
    precautionary steps to protect the continued health of its Nunavut based workforce (“Nunavummiut”) and
    local residents in the communities in which they live. In collaboration with the Nunavut public health
    authorities, the Company again decided to send home the Nunavummiut from its Meliadine, Meadowbank
    and Hope Bay operations as well as its Nunavut exploration projects. Activities at the Meliadine mine were
    affected until mid-January 2022 and activities at the Meadowbank complex were affected until early
    February 2022. The Company worked with the Nunavut public health authorities on a reintegration plan and
    the process to return the Nunavummiut to the Company’s Nunavut operations was completed in early
    April 2022. Both operations are now back to operating at normal levels.
    Most of the Company’s operations were affected by COVID-19 during the first half of 2022, but production
    levels and costs were generally in line with expectations. All sites are maintaining health and safety
    protocols but the impact appears to becoming more manageable as the Omicron wave declines.

    Inflationary Cost Environment
    During the first half of 2022, cost pressures were largely offset by strong operational performance,
    optimization and cost saving initiatives, positive foreign exchange impacts (weaker Euro, Canadian and


                                                             8
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                   For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Australian dollars) and hedging programs for both fuel and currencies. The inflationary cost environment
    continues to be dynamic and the Company expects higher input costs to remain for the second half of 2022
    and beyond. In the second half of 2022 the focus will continue to be on increasing operational efficiencies
    and cost optimization at all mining operations. In addition, the Company will continue to take advantage of
    opportunities to hedge its operating currencies and fuel. However, even with these efforts, we expect
    continued cost pressures in the second half of 2022 and expect these pressures to push full-year costs to the
    upper end of our cost guidance.
    Financial and Operating Results

    Operating Results
    Agnico Eagle reported net income of $275.8 million, or $0.61 per share, in the second quarter of 2022,
    compared with net income of $196.4 million, or $0.81 per share, in the second quarter of 2021. Agnico
    Eagle reported adjusted net income1 of $347.1 million, or $0.761 per share, in the second quarter of 2022
    compared with adjusted net income of $174.6 million, or $0.72 per share, in the second quarter of 2021.
    In the second quarter of 2022, operating margin2 increased to $923.4 million compared with $551.6 million
    in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to a 60.6% increase in revenues from mining operations as a
    result of the contribution of gold sales volume from the Detour Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines
    following the Merger, higher gold sales volume from the Meadowbank, Meliadine and Kittila mines and a
    2.9% increase in the average realized price of gold, partially offset by lower gold sales volume from the
    LaRonde complex and the Hope Bay mine.
    Gold production increased to 858,170 ounces in the second quarter of 2022 compared with 526,006 ounces
    in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to the contribution of gold production from the Detour Lake,
    Fosterville and Macassa mines following the Merger and increased gold production from the Meadowbank,
    Meliadine and Kittila mines. Partially offsetting the overall increase in gold production was the ceasing of
    production activities at the Hope Bay mine to focus on exploration activities and decreased gold production
    at the LaRonde complex.
    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $633.3 million in the second quarter of 2022 compared
    with $419.4 million in the second quarter of 2021.
    Agnico Eagle reported net income of $385.6 million or $0.92 per share, in the six months ended June 30,
    2022, compared with net income of $341.6 million, or $1.40 per share, in the six months ended June 30,
    2021. Agnico Eagle reported adjusted net income of $582.7 million, or $1.39 per share, in the first
    six months of 2022 compared with adjusted net income of $346.5 million, or $1.43 per share, in the first
    six months of 2021.
    In the first six months of 2022, the operating margin increased to $1,587.4 million, compared with
    $1,083.9 million in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to a 47.8% increase in revenues from mining
    operations as a result of the contribution of gold sales volume from the Detour Lake, Fosterville and
    Macassa mines following the Merger and a 4.2% higher average realized price of gold between periods,
    partially offset by lower gold sales volumes from the LaRonde complex, Canadian Malartic and Nunavut
    mines.
    Gold production increased to 1,518,774 ounces in the first six months of 2022, compared with 1,042,810
    ounces in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to the contribution of gold production from the Detour
    Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines since the completion of the Merger. Partially offsetting the overall
    ​




    1
        Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share are non-GAAP measures that are not standardized financial measures
        under the financial reporting framework used to prepare the Company’s financial statements. For a reconciliation to net income
        and net income per share see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures below. See also Note to Investors Concerning Certain
        Measures of Performance.
    2
        Operating margin is a non-GAAP measure. For a reconciliation to net income see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures
        below. See also Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance.



                                                                   9
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    increase in gold production between the first six months of 2022 and the first six months of 2021 was the
    ceasing of production activities at the Hope Bay to focus on exploration activities and decreased gold
    production at the Canadian Malartic mine, Meadowbank complex and Meliadine mine.
    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $1,140.7 million in the first six months of 2022,
    compared with $786.0 million in the first six months of 2021.
    The table below sets out variances in the key drivers of net income for the three and six months ended
    June 30, 2022, compared with the three and six months ended June 30, 2021:
                                                                                     Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
                                                                                       June 30, 2022 vs.     June 30, 2022 vs.
                                                                                     Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
    (millions of United States dollars)                                          ​ ​    June 30, 2021    ​ ​ June 30, 2021 ​
    Increase in gold revenues                                                    ​​      ​$ 608.1      ​​ ​    ​$ 989.2      ​
    Decrease in silver revenues                                                  ​​      ​ ​ (9.0)     ​​ ​     ​ (13.2)     ​
    Decrease in net copper revenues                                              ​​      ​ ​ (1.0)     ​​ ​     ​ (0.1)      ​
    Decrease in net zinc revenues                                                ​​      ​ ​ (1.7)     ​​ ​     ​ (3.4)      ​
    Decrease in production costs due to effects of foreign currencies            ​​      ​ ​ 17.9      ​​ ​     ​ 21.6       ​
    Increase in production costs                                                 ​​      ​ ​(242.3)    ​​ ​     ​ (490.4)    ​
    Increase in exploration and corporate development expenses                   ​​      ​ ​ (30.4)    ​​ ​     ​ (67.5)     ​
    Increase in amortization of property, plant and mine development             ​​      ​ ​(114.2)    ​​ ​     ​ (197.1)    ​
    Increase in general and administrative expenses                              ​​      ​ ​ (18.0)    ​​ ​     ​ (40.6)     ​
    Decrease in finance costs                                                    ​​      ​ ​ 2.3       ​​ ​     ​    1.8     ​
    Change in derivative financial instruments                                   ​​      ​ ​ (61.8)    ​​ ​     ​ (12.1)     ​
    Change in non-cash foreign currency translation                              ​​      ​ ​ 15.9      ​​ ​     ​ 11.6       ​
    Increase in other expenses                                                   ​​      ​ ​ (23.1)    ​​ ​     ​ (125.7)    ​
    Increase in income and mining taxes                                          ​​      ​ ​ (63.2)    ​​ ​     ​ (30.1)     ​
    Total net income variance                                                    ​​      ​$ 79.5       ​​ ​     ​$ 44.0      ​

    Three Months Ended June 30, 2022 vs. Three Months Ended June 30, 2021
    Revenues from mining operations increased to $1,581.1 million in the second quarter of 2022, compared
    with $984.7 million in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to a 60.3% increase in the gold sales
    volume from the contribution of the Detour Like, Fosterville and Macassa mines following the Merger and a
    2.9% increase in the average realized price of gold.
    Production costs were $657.6 million in the second quarter of 2022, a 51.9% increase compared with
    $433.1 million in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to the contribution of production costs from the
    Detour Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines following the Merger. Partially offsetting the overall increase
    in production costs was the ceasing of production activities at the Hope Bay mine to focus on exploration
    activities and the timing of inventory sales at the LaRonde complex.
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced decreased to $726 on a by-product basis and
    $758 on a co-product basis in the second quarter of 2022, compared with $748 on a by-product basis and
    $812 on a co-product basis in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to the contribution of production
    from the lower costs (on a total cash costs per ounce basis) from the Detour Lake, Fosterville and Macassa
    mines following the Merger. Total cash costs per ounce is a non-GAAP measure; for a reconciliation of total
    cash costs per ounce of gold produced on both a by-product basis (deducting by-product metal revenues
    from production costs) and co-product basis (without deducting by-product metal revenues) to production
    costs as presented in the Second Quarter Financial Statements, see Non-GAAP Financial Performance
    Measures in this MD&A.


                                                              10
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Exploration and corporate development expenses increased to $70.4 million in the second quarter of 2022,
    compared with $39.9 million in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to the contribution of exploration
    expenses at the Detour Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines, as well as regional targets in Ontario and
    Australia following the Merger, and increased exploration expenses at the Hope Bay minesite.
    Amortization of property, plant and mine development increased by $114.2 million to $291.1 million
    between the second quarter of 2021 and the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to the contribution of
    amortization from the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines following the Merger.
    General and administrative expenses increased to $49.3 million during the second quarter of 2022,
    compared with $31.3 million during the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to the contribution of
    expenses from Kirkland since the Merger.
    Loss on derivative financial instruments amounted to $40.8 million during the second quarter of 2022,
    compared with a gain of $21.1 million during the second quarter of 2021. As a result of the weakening of
    the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar at the end of June 2022, the Company recognized an unrealized
    loss on currency and commodity derivatives of $33.6 million during the second quarter of 2022, compared
    to an unrealized loss of $17.1 million during the second quarter of 2021. The unrealized loss on warrants
    amounted to $21.1 million during the second quarter of 2022, compared to an unrealized gain of
    $18.2 million during the second quarter of 2021, with the change due to a decrease in the market value of
    warrants between periods.
    Other expenses increased to $19.6 million during the second quarter of 2022, compared with $5.7 million
    during the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to transaction and severance costs of $11.4 million in
    connection with the Merger.
    During the second quarter of 2022, there was a non-cash foreign currency translation gain of $13.5 million,
    primarily attributable to the weakening of the Canadian and Australian dollar, Euro, and Mexican peso
    relative to the US dollar as at June 30, 2022 on the Company’s net monetary liabilities denominated in
    foreign currencies compared to March 31, 2022. A non-cash foreign currency translation loss of $2.4 million
    was recorded during the second quarter of 2021.
    In the second quarter of 2022, the Company recorded income and mining taxes expense of $159.8 million
    on income before income and mining taxes of $435.7 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 36.7%. In
    the second quarter of 2021, the Company recorded income and mining taxes expense of $96.7 million on
    income before income and mining taxes of $293.1 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 33.0%. The
    increase in the effective tax rate between the second quarter of 2022 and the second quarter of 2021 is
    primarily due to foreign exchange rate movements.
    There are several factors that can significantly affect the Company’s effective tax rate including varying
    rates in different jurisdictions, the non-recognition of certain tax assets, mining allowances, foreign
    currency exchange rate movements, changes in tax laws, the impact of specific transactions and assessments
    and the relative distribution of income in the Company’s operating jurisdictions. As a result of these factors,
    the Company’s effective tax rate is expected to fluctuate significantly in future periods.

    Six Months Ended June 30, 2022 vs. Six Months Ended June 30, 2021
    Revenues from mining operations increased to $2,906.7 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022,
    compared with $1,934.3 million during the six months ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to a 47.8%
    increase in the sales volume from the contribution of gold sales from the Detour Lake, Fosterville and
    Macassa mines following the Merger and a 4.2% higher average realized price of gold between periods,
    partially offset by lower gold sales volumes from the LaRonde complex, Canadian Malartic and Nunavut
    mines.
    Production costs increased to $1,319.4 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022, compared with
    $850.4 million in the six months ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to the contribution of production costs


                                                          11
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    from the Detour Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines following the Merger. Partially offsetting the overall
    increase in production costs was the ceasing of production activities at the Hope Bay mine to focus on
    exploration activities and the timing of inventory sales at the LaRonde complex between periods.
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced increased to $763 on a by-product basis and
    decreased to $800 on a co-product basis during the six months ended June 30, 2022, compared with $741 on
    a by-product basis and $805 on a co-product basis during the six months ended June 30, 2021, the increase
    in cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis is primarily due to higher production costs at
    the Quebec and Nunavut mines and lower volumes of by-product metals sold in the six months ended
    June 30, 2022 when compared to the six months ended June 20, 2021, partially offset by the contribution of
    production from the lower costs (on a total cash costs per ounce basis) from the Detour Lake, Fosterville
    and Macassa mines following the Merger. The decrease in cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a co-
    product basis is primarily due to the contribution of production from the lower costs (on a total cash costs
    per ounce basis) from the Detour Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines following the Merger.
    Exploration and corporate development expenses increased to $136.2 million during the six months ended
    June 30, 2022, compared with $68.7 million during the six months ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to
    the contribution of exploration expenses at the Detour Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines, as well as
    regional targets in Ontario and Australia following the Merger, and increased exploration expenses at the
    Hope Bay minesite.
    Amortization of property, plant and mine development increased by $197.1 million to $551.8 million
    between the six months ended June 30, 2021 and the six months ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to the
    contribution of amortization from the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines following the Merger.
    General and administrative expense increased to $116.8 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022,
    compared with $76.3 million during the six months ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to the contribution
    of expenses from Kirkland following the Merger.
    Loss on derivative financial instruments amounted to $12.1 million during the six months ended June 30,
    2022, compared with a gain on derivative financial instruments of $0.1 million during the six months ended
    June 30, 2021, with the change primarily due to an increased unrealized loss on warrants and a decreased
    realized gain on currency and commodity derivatives, partially offset by a decreased unrealized loss on
    currency and commodity derivatives between periods. The decrease in the market value of warrants resulted
    in an unrealized loss of $20.2 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022 compared to a loss of
    $13.6 million during the six months ended June 30, 2021. The unrealized loss on currency and commodity
    derivatives amounted to $9.5 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022, partially offset by a
    realized gain of $16.8 million on currency and commodity derivatives.
    Other expenses increased to $109.2 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022, compared with
    $3.2 million during the six months ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to transaction and severance costs of
    $92.1 million in connection with the Merger In addition, the Company recognized a $10.0 million non-
    recurring gain on the sale of certain non-strategic exploration properties during the six months ended 2021.
    During the six months ended June 30, 2022, there was a non-cash foreign currency translation gain of
    $12.3 million, primarily attributable to the weakening of the Canadian dollar and Euro relative to the US
    dollar as at June 30, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021 on the Company’s net monetary liabilities
    denominated in foreign currencies. A non-cash foreign currency translation gain of $0.6 million was
    recorded during the first six months of 2021.
    During the six months ended June 30, 2022, the Company recorded income and mining taxes expense of
    $224.7 million on income before income and mining taxes of $610.3 million, resulting in an effective tax
    rate of 36.8%. During the six months ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded income and mining taxes


                                                         12
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    expense of $194.6 million on income before income and mining taxes of $536.2 million, resulting in an
    effective tax rate of 36.3%. The increase in the effective tax rate between the first six months of 2022 and
    the first six months of 2021 is primarily due to foreign exchange rate movements, offset by the overall
    lower effective tax rate from the operations of the Detour Lake, Macassa, and Fosterville mines since the
    completion of the Merger.

    LaRonde mine
    At the LaRonde mine, gold production decreased by 12.3% to 70,736 ounces in the second quarter of 2022,
    compared with 80,681 ounces in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to fewer tonnes of ore processed
    and lower gold grades. Production costs at the LaRonde mine were $33.9 million in the second quarter of
    2022, a decrease of 43.2% compared with production costs of $59.8 million in the second quarter of 2021,
    primarily due to the timing of inventory sales and the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US
    dollar between periods.

    Gold production increased by 1.4% to 158,285 ounces in the first six months of 2022 compared with
    156,070 ounces in the first six months of 2021 at the LaRonde mine, primarily due to higher gold grades.
    Production costs at the LaRonde mine were $79.8 million in the first six months of 2022, a decrease of
    28.2% compared with production costs of $111.1 million in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to
    the timing of inventory sales and the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between
    periods.

    LaRonde Zone 5 mine

    At the LaRonde Zone 5 mine, gold production increased by 5.5% to 17,774 ounces in the second quarter of
    2022 compared with 16,842 ounces in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to higher tonnes of ore
    processed. Production costs at the LaRonde Zone 5 mine were $17.1 million in the second quarter of 2022,
    an increase of 20.2% compared with production costs of $14.3 million in the second quarter of 2021,
    primarily due to higher milling and underground mining costs, partially offset by the weakening of the
    Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Gold production increased by 2.1% to 35,262 ounces in the first six months of 2022 from 34,531 ounces in
    the first six months of 2021 at the LaRonde Zone 5 mine, primarily due to higher tonnes of ore processed.
    Production costs at the LaRonde Zone 5 mine were $33.9 million in the first six months of 2022, an increase
    of 25.7% compared with production costs of $26.9 million in the first six months of 2021, driven primarily
    by increased milling and underground mining costs, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar
    relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Canadian Malartic mine

    At the 50% owned Canadian Malartic mine, attributable gold production decreased by 5.3% to 87,186
    ounces in the second quarter of 2022 compared with 92,106 ounces in the second quarter of 2021, primarily
    due to fewer tonnes of ore processed, partially offset by higher grades and recoveries. Attributable
    production costs at the Canadian Malartic mine were $56.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, a decrease
    of 11.1% compared with production costs of $63.5 million in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to
    lower mill production costs, the timing of inventory sales and the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative
    to the US dollar between periods.

    Attributable gold production decreased by 7.7% to 167,695 ounces in the first six months of 2022 compared
    with 181,656 ounces in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to fewer tonnes of ore processed,
    primarily due to a planned reduction in mill throughput in order to optimize the production profile of the
    mine during the transition to the underground Odyssey project. Attributable production costs at the
    Canadian Malartic mine were $113.3 million in the first six months of 2022, a decrease of 4.7% compared
    with production costs


                                                        13
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    of $118.9 million in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to lower mill production and royalty costs,
    the timing of inventory sales and the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between
    periods.
    Goldex mine
    At the Goldex mine, gold production increased by 6.4% to 36,877 ounces in the second quarter of 2022,
    compared with 34,659 ounces in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to higher tonnes of ore processed
    and higher gold grades. Production costs at the Goldex mine were $26.5 million in the second quarter of
    2022, an increase of 5.0% compared with production costs of $25.3 million in the second quarter of 2021,
    primarily due to higher underground production costs, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian
    dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Gold production increased by 2.9% to 71,322 ounces in the first six months of 2022, compared with 69,309
    ounces in the first six months of 2021 at the Goldex mine, primarily due to higher tonnes of ore processed.
    Production costs at the Goldex mine were $52.7 million in the first six months of 2022, an increase of
    10.4% compared with production costs of $47.8 million in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to
    higher underground mining and milling costs, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar
    relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Detour Lake mine

    The Company completed the Merger on February 8, 2022. At the Detour Lake mine, gold production was
    195,515 ounces in the second quarter of 2022 and production costs were $137.4 million.
    For the period from February 8, 2022 to June 30, 2022, gold production at the Detour Lake mine was
    295,958 ounces and production costs at the Detour Lake mine were $257.4 million.

    Macassa mine
    The Company completed the Merger on February 8, 2022. At the Macassa mine, gold production was
    61,262 ounces in the second quarter of 2022 and production costs were $33.0 million.
    For the period from February 8, 2022 to June 30, 2022, gold production at the Macassa mine was 85,750
    ounces and production costs were $65.3 million.

    Meliadine mine

    At the Meliadine mine, gold production increased by 0.9% to 97,572 ounces in the second quarter of 2022
    compared with 96,694 ounces in the second quarter of 2021 (which includes 9,053 ounces produced prior to
    the achievement of commercial production at the Tiriganiaq open pit deposit), primarily due to higher
    tonnes of ore processed, partially offset by lower gold grades. Production costs at the Meliadine mine were
    $86.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, an increase of 42.7% compared with production costs of
    $60.5 million in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to the consumption of stockpiles, the timing of
    inventory sales and higher fuel and logistics costs, partially offset by higher capitalized deferred stripping
    and the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Gold production decreased by 7.5% to 178,276 ounces in the first six months of 2022 compared with
    192,820 ounces in the first six months of 2021 (which includes 17,176 ounces produced prior to the
    achievement of commercial production at the Tiriganiaq open pit deposit) at the Meliadine mine primarily
    due to lower gold grades, partially offset by higher tonnes of ore processed. In December 2021, activities at
    the Meliadine mine were reduced to essential services due to the COVID-19 Omicron variant outbreak.
    Production activities were restarted in mid-January 2022 and gradually ramped up to normal operating
    levels into February 2022. Production costs at the Meliadine mine were $165.1 million during the first
    six months of 2022, an increase of 31.8% compared to production costs of $125.3 million during the first
    six months of 2021, primarily due to


                                                         14
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                   For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    the consumption of stockpiles, the timing of inventory sales and higher fuel and logistics costs, partially
    offset by higher capitalized deferred stripping and the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US
    dollar between periods.
    Meadowbank complex
    At the Meadowbank complex, gold production increased by 12.6% to 96,698 ounces in the second quarter
    of 2022, compared with 85,899 ounces in the second quarter of 2021 (which includes 348 ounces produced
    prior to the achievement of commercial production at the Amaruq Underground project), primarily due to
    higher tonnes of ore processed and higher gold grades and recoveries. Production costs at the Meadowbank
    complex were $107.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, an increase of 11.4% compared with production
    costs of $96.4 million in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to a decrease in capitalized deferred
    stripping and the timing of inventory sales, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative
    to the US dollar between periods.
    Gold production decreased by 5.7% to 156,463 ounces in the first six months of 2022 compared with
    165,864 ounces in the first six months of 2021 (which includes 348 ounces produced prior to the
    achievement of commercial production at the Amaruq Underground project), at the Meadowbank complex,
    primarily due to fewer tonnes of ore processed and lower gold grades. Due to the COVID-19 Omicron
    variant outbreak in December 2021, activities at the Meadowbank complex focused on production and
    reduced the level of some supporting activities, including underground development, which affected the
    mining sequence. In mid-January 2022, the mine had returned to normal operating levels. Production costs
    at the Meadowbank complex were $204.1 million in the first six months of 2022, an increase of 11.1%
    compared with production costs of $183.7 million in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to higher
    fuel, logistics costs and the timing of inventory sales, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian
    dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Hope Bay mine

    The Company completed the acquisition of TMAC Resources Inc. on February 2, 2021. In September and
    October of 2021, there were a significant number of COVID-19 cases identified at the Hope Bay minesite.
    As a precautionary measure, the Company decided to suspend mining and milling operations as it
    investigated opportunities to improve screening, testing and health protocols at site. The Company started to
    ramp-up exploration and underground activities in mid-November 2021, however, with increasing cases of
    COVID-19 in December, the Company again reduced all activities at site to essential services only.
    In 2022 and 2023, production activities will remain suspended and the primary focus will be on accelerating
    exploration and the evaluation of larger production scenarios.
    Gold production in the second quarter of 2021 was 25,308 ounces and production costs at the Hope Bay
    mine were $17.6 million. For the period from February 2, 2021 to June 30, 2021, gold production at the
    Hope Bay mine was 37,567 ounces and production costs were $41.7 million.

    Fosterville mine
    The Company completed the Merger on February 8, 2022. At the Fosterville mine, gold production was
    86,065 ounces in the second quarter of 2022 and production costs were $48.3 million.
    For the period from February 8, 2022 to June 30, 2022, gold production at the Fosterville mine was 167,892
    ounces and production costs were $136.3 million.

    Kittila mine

    At the Kittila mine, gold production increased by 21.7% to 64,814 ounces in the second quarter of 2022,
    compared with 53,263 ounces in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to higher tonnes of ore processed


                                                          15
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                   For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    and higher gold grades. Production costs at the Kittila mine were $53.3 million in the second quarter of
    2022, an increase of 11.2% compared with production costs of $47.9 million in the second quarter of 2021,
    primarily due to higher underground mining costs and milling costs and the timing of inventory sales,
    partially offset by the weakening of the Euro relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Gold production increased by 3.2% to 110,322 ounces in the first six months of 2022, compared with
    113,979 ounces in the first six months of 2021 at the Kittila mine, primarily due to higher tonnes of ore
    processed, partially offset by lower gold grades and recoveries. Production costs at the Kittila mine were
    $102.8 million in the first six months of 2022, an increase of 6.4% compared with production costs of
    $96.6 million in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to higher underground mining costs and milling
    costs and the timing of inventory sales, partially offset by the weakening of the Euro relative to the US
    dollar between periods.
    In 2020, the Regional State Administrative Agency of Northern Finland granted Agnico Eagle Finland Oy
    (“Agnico Finland”) environmental and water permits that would allow Agnico Finland to enlarge the CIL2
    tailings storage facility, expand the operations of the Kittila mine to 2.0 Mtpa and build a new discharge
    waterline. The permits were subsequently appealed to the Vaasa Administrative Court in Finland. The
    appeals were granted, in part, in July 2022 with the result that the permits were returned for reconsideration
    by the Regional State Administrative Agency of Northern Finland.

    The Company is evaluating the decisions of the Vaasa Administrative Court to determine the impact they
    may have on operations at the Kittila mine. In addition, the Company will appeal the decisions of the Vaasa
    Administrative Court to the Supreme Administrative Court of Finland in early August. The Company
    intends to continue to operate at current levels while it communicates with relevant regulatory authorities
    and other stakeholders to determine additional next steps regarding these permits.

    Pinos Altos mine

    At the Pinos Altos mine, gold production decreased by 29.4% to 23,020 ounces in the second quarter of
    2022, compared with 32,614 ounces in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to fewer tonnes of ore
    processed, partially offset by higher recoveries. Production costs at the Pinos Altos mine were $39.9 million
    in the second quarter of 2022, an increase of 1.3% compared with production costs of $39.3 million in the
    second quarter of 2021, primarily due to higher underground mining costs, partially offset by lower milling
    costs.
    Gold production decreased by 22.0% to 48,190 ounces in the first six months of 2022, compared with
    61,789 ounces in the first six months of 2021 at the Pinos Altos mine, primarily due to fewer tonnes of ore
    processed, partially offset by higher gold grades and recoveries. Production costs at the Pinos Altos mine
    were $72.4 million in the first six months of 2022, an increase of 1.5% compared with production costs of
    $71.3 million in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to higher underground mining costs and the
    timing of inventory sales, partially offset by lower milling costs.

    Creston Mascota mine

    At the Creston Mascota mine, gold production decreased by 80.3% to 635 ounces in the second quarter of
    2022, compared with 3,228 ounces in the second quarter of 2021. The Company ceased mining operations at
    the open pit in the third quarter of 2020. Gold production in the second quarter of 2022 and 2021 was the
    result of residual leaching. Production costs at the Creston Mascota mine were $0.5 million in the second
    quarter of 2022, a decrease of 75.9% compared with production costs of $2.0 million in the second quarter
    of 2021.

    Gold production decreased by 78.1% to 1,641 ounces in the first six months of 2022, compared with 7,480
    ounces in the first six months of 2021 at the Creston Mascota mine. The Company ceased mining operations
    at the open pit in the third quarter of 2020. Gold production during the first six months of 2022 and 2021
    was


                                                          16
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    the result of residual leaching. Production costs at the Creston Mascota mine were $1.1 million in the first
    six months of 2022, a decrease of 75.2% compared with production costs of $4.4 million in the first
    six months of 2021.
    La India mine
    At the La India mine, gold production increased by 324.8% to 20,016 ounces in the second quarter of 2022,
    compared with 4,712 ounces in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to higher gold grades. Gold
    production in the previous quarter was impacted by reduced irrigation of the heap leach pads starting in
    early 2021 to manage the low water levels at the minesite due to low rainfall in the La India region in early
    2021. Production costs at the La India mine were $17.5 million in the second quarter of 2022, an increase of
    169.2% compared with production costs of $6.5 million in the second quarter of 2021, driven primarily by
    the timing of inventory sales and higher heap leach costs and the impact of the reduced irrigation issues in
    2021.
    Gold production increased by 91.9% to 41,718 ounces in the first six months of 2022, compared with
    21,745 ounces in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to higher gold grades. Gold production in the
    comparative period was impacted by reduced irrigation of the heap leach pads starting in early 2021 to
    manage low water levels at the minesite due to low rainfall in the La India region in early 2021. Production
    costs at the La India mine were $35.2 million in the first six months of 2022, an increase of 55.5%
    compared with production costs of $22.6 million in the first six months of 2021, driven primarily by the
    timing of inventory sales and higher heap leach costs and the impact of the reduced irrigation issues in
    2021.

    Balance Sheet Review

    Total assets of $23.2 billion at June 30, 2022 increased by 127.1%, or $13.0 billion, compared with total
    assets of $10.2 billion as at December 31, 2021 primarily due to the Merger. Cash and cash equivalents were
    $1,006.9 million at June 30, 2022, an increase of $821.1 million compared with December 31, 2021, due
    primarily to $838.7 million of cash acquired in the Merger and $1,140.7 million in cash provided by
    operating activities, partially offset by $701.7 million in additions to property, plant and mine development,
    $304.6 million in dividends paid and a $125.0 million senior note repayment. Inventories increased by
    $207.4 million from $878.9 million at December 31, 2021 to $1,086.3 million at June 30, 2022 primarily
    due to the addition of $177.7 million of inventories from the Kirkland operations at June 30, 2022 and
    increased supplies inventory in Nunavut resulting from the commencement of the summer barge season. Net
    income taxes recoverable increased by $87.7 million between December 31, 2021 and June 30, 2022 as a
    result of payments to tax authorities exceeding the current tax expense and the additional income taxes
    recoverable due to the Company which were inherited upon the Merger. The increase in property, plant and
    mine development from $7.7 billion at December 31, 2021 to $17.7 billion at June 30, 2022 was primarily
    due to the Merger closing on February 8, 2022 and additions capitalized to property, plant and mine
    development of $701.7 million, partially offset by amortization expense of $551.8 million. Goodwill
    increased from $407.8 million at December 31, 2021 to $2,216.3 million at June 30, 2022. This resulted
    from the addition of goodwill in the preliminary purchase price allocation associated with the acquisition of
    Kirkland. The fair values allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of the purchase price
    are preliminary, and are subject to adjustment based on further analysis and evaluation over the course of
    the measurement period which will not exceed twelve months from the acquisition date.
    Total liabilities of $6,915.1 million at June 30, 2022 increased by $2,698.8 million from $4,216.3 million at
    December 31, 2021. Net deferred income and mining tax liabilities increased by $2,707.6 million between
    December 31, 2021 and June 30, 2022 primarily due to the addition of net deferred income and mining tax
    liabilities from Kirkland since the completion of the Merger and to the origination and reversal of net
    taxable temporary differences. An increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $238.1 million is
    primarily due to the addition of accounts payable assumed through the merger with Kirkland on February 8,
    2022.
    While the Company occasionally enters into contracts to limit the risk associated with decreased by-product
    metal prices, increased foreign currency costs (including capital expenditures) and input costs, the contracts


                                                         17
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                   For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    act as economic hedges of underlying exposures and are not held for speculative purposes. Agnico Eagle
    does not use complex derivative contracts to hedge exposures. During the first six months of 2022, the
    Company increased its currency hedge positions to support its key input costs used in budgeting and mine
    planning assumptions. As at June 30, 2022, the Company had outstanding currency derivative contracts
    related to $2,491.3 million of 2022 and 2023 expenditures (December 31, 2021 — $2,375.2 million) and
    diesel fuel derivative contracts related to 3.0 million gallons of heating oil (December 31, 2021 —
    10.9 million).
    Liquidity and Capital Resources

    As at June 30, 2022, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents totaled $1,006.9 million compared with
    $185.8 million as at December 31, 2021. The Company’s policy is to invest excess cash in highly liquid
    investments of high credit quality to reduce risks associated with these investments. Such investments with
    remaining maturities of greater than three months and less than one year at the time of purchase are
    classified as short-term investments. Investments with remaining maturities of less than three months at the
    time of purchase are presented as cash equivalents. Decisions regarding the length of maturities are based
    on cash flow requirements, rates of return and various other factors.
    Working capital (current assets less current liabilities) increased to $1,559.8 million as at June 30, 2022
    compared with $540.6 million as at December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in cash and cash
    equivalents of $821.1 million and an increase in inventories of $207.4 million, partially offset by an
    increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $238.1 million primarily due to the Merger.
    Subject to various risks and uncertainties, the Company believes it will generate sufficient cash flow from
    operations and has adequate cash and debt facilities available to finance its current operations, working
    capital requirements, contractual obligations, debt maturities, planned capital expenditure and exploration
    programs. While the Company believes its capital resources will be sufficient to satisfy all its mandatory
    and discretionary commitments, the Company may choose to decrease certain of its discretionary
    expenditure commitments, which include certain capital expenditures and exploration and corporate
    development expenses, should unexpected financial circumstances arise in the future. See Risk Profile in
    this MD&A.

    Operating Activities

    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $633.3 million in the second quarter of 2022 compared
    with $419.4 million in the second quarter of 2021 primarily due to higher average realized gold prices and a
    60.3% increase in total payable gold sold between periods primarily due to the contribution from the Detour
    Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines acquired on February 8, 2022. This was partially offset by less
    favourable working capital changes and an increase in production costs, exploration and corporate
    development and general and administrative expenses between periods.

    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $1,140.7 million in the first six month of 2022 compared
    with $786.0 million in the first six months of 2021 primarily due to higher average realized gold prices, a
    47.8% increase in total payable gold sold between periods primarily due to the contribution from the Detour
    Lake, Fosterville and Macassa mines acquired on February 8, 2022 and more favourable working capital
    changes between periods. This was partially offset by an increase in production costs, exploration and
    corporate development and general and administrative expenses due to the contribution of expenses from
    Kirkland since the Merger.

    Investing Activities
    Cash used in investing activities increased to $394.1 million in the second quarter of 2022, compared with
    $210.1 million in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to a $191.8 million increase in capital
    expenditures between periods. The increase in capital expenditures between periods is primarily attributable
    to $176.5 million related to the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines.


                                                          18
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                  For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    In the second quarter of 2022, the Company purchased $18.4 million in equity securities and other
    investments compared with $5.4 million in the second quarter of 2021. The Company did not sell any equity
    securities and other investments in the second quarter of 2022. The Company’s equity securities and other
    investments consist primarily of investments in common shares and share purchase warrants of entities in
    the mining industry.
    The Company had previously entered into a loan agreement with Orla Mining Ltd. (“Orla”) and a group of
    lenders to provide Orla with a five year credit facility. The Company’s aggregate financing commitment
    under the loan agreement was $40.0 million. In consideration for the funding commitment, the Company
    was issued 10,400,000 share purchase warrants of Orla. The loan was repaid in full and the Company
    received proceeds of $40.0 million during the second quarter of 2022.
    Cash provided by investing activities increased to $141.5 million in the first six months of 2022, compared
    with cash used in investing activities of $748.2 million in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to
    $838.7 million in cash and cash equivalents acquired in the Merger and a decrease of $340.9 million of
    payments related to the acquisition of TMAC in the first six months of 2021, partially offset by a
    $292.8 million increase in capital expenditures between periods. The increase in capital expenditures
    between periods is primarily attributable to $256.9 million related to the Detour Lake, Macassa and
    Fosterville mines.
    In the first six months of 2022, the Company purchased $31.9 million in equity securities and other
    investments compared with $10.8 million in the first six months of 2021. The Company did not sell any
    equity securities and other investments in the first six months of 2022.

    Financing Activities
    Cash used in financing activities increased to $294.3 million in the second quarter of 2022, compared with
    $64.2 million in the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to a $82.8 million increase in dividends paid as a
    result of the increased number of common shares issued as consideration for the Merger and a
    $125.0 million senior note repayment.
    The Company issued common shares for net proceeds of $11.2 million in the second quarter of 2022,
    compared with $12.9 million in the second quarter of 2021, attributable to employee stock option plan
    exercises and issuances under the incentive share purchase plan and the dividend reinvestment plan.
    Cash used in financing activities increased to $462.2 million in the first six months of 2022, compared with
    $164.3 million in the first six months of 2021, primarily due to a $164.6 million increase in dividends paid
    as a result of the increased number of common shares issued as consideration for the Merger and a
    $125.0 million senior note repayment in the period .
    The Company issued common shares for net proceeds of $34.4 million in the first six months of 2022,
    compared with $25.8 million in the first six months of 2021, attributable to employee stock option plan
    exercises and issuances under the incentive share purchase plan and the dividend reinvestment plan.
    On April 28, 2022, the Company received approval from the Toronto Stock Exchange to establish a normal
    course issuer bid (“NCIB”). The Company has authorized purchases under the NCIB of the lesser of (i) 5%
    of the issued and outstanding common shares on the date of commencement of the NCIB and (ii) such
    number of common shares that may be purchased for an aggregate purchase price, excluding commissions
    of $500.0 million during the period starting on May 4, 2022 and ending May 3, 2023. During the three and
    six months ended June 30, 2022, the Company repurchased 453,000 common shares for $22.3 million at an
    average price of $49.13 under the NCIB
    On April 28, 2022, Agnico Eagle declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per common share paid on
    June 15, 2022 to holders of record of the common shares of the Company as of June 1, 2022. Agnico Eagle
    has declared a cash dividend every year since 1983. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company paid
    dividends


                                                         19
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    of $149.8 million, an increase of $82.8 million compared to $67.0 million paid in the second quarter of
    2021. In the first six months of 2022, the Company paid dividends of $304.6 million, an increase of
    $164.6 million compared to $140.0 million paid in the first six months of 2021. Although the Company
    expects to continue paying dividends, future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and will be
    subject to factors such as income, financial condition and capital requirements.
    On December 22, 2021, the Company amended its unsecured revolving $1,200.0 million credit facility (the
    “Credit Facility”) to improve pricing, increase the uncommitted accordion feature from $300.0 million to
    $600.0 million and extend the maturity date from June 22, 2023 to December 22, 2026. In the first
    six months of 2022, the Company drew down and repaid $100.0 million on its Credit Facility primarily to
    facilitate operating requirements. In the first six months of 2021, the Company drew down and repaid
    $340.0 million from the Credit Facility primarily to facilitate the acquisition of TMAC. As at June 30, 2022,
    the Company’s outstanding balance under the Credit Facility was nil. Credit Facility availability is reduced
    by outstanding letters of credit at that date, which were $0.9 million as at June 30, 2022, resulting in
    $1,199.1 million available for future drawdown.
    The Company has five uncommitted letter of credit facilities with certain financial institutions. The amounts
    available under these letter of credit facilities are C$350.0 million, C$200.0 million, C$100.0 million,
    C$100 million and C$120 million. As at June 30, 2022, the aggregate undrawn face amount of letters of
    credit under the letter of credit facilities was $530.3 million. Additionally the company has a standby
    guarantee facility with an available amount of $25.0 million. The aggregate undrawn face amount of
    guarantees under the guarantee facility at June 30, 2022 was $16.9 million.

    The Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the Credit Facility, the letter of credit
    facilities and the $1,450.0 million of guaranteed senior unsecured notes as at June 30, 2022.

    Risk Profile
    The Company is subject to significant risks, including fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign exchange
    rates and other risks due to the inherent nature of the business of exploration, development and mining of
    properties with precious metals. Changes in economic conditions and volatile financial markets may have a
    significant impact on Agnico Eagle’s cost and availability of financing and overall liquidity. The volatility
    in gold, silver, zinc and copper prices directly affects Agnico Eagle’s revenues, earnings and cash flow.
    Volatile energy, commodity and consumables prices and currency exchange rates impact production costs.
    The Company is subject to risks related to pandemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases such as
    COVID-19, as well as the economic impacts that result therefrom. For a more comprehensive discussion of
    these and other risks, see “Risk Factors” in the AIF filed on the CSA’s SEDAR website and with the SEC as
    part of the Form 40-F.

    Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

    The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
    financial reporting (“ICFR”) and disclosure controls and procedures (“DC&P”).

    ICFR is a framework designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
    reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS.
    Management has used theInternal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
    Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) in order to assess the effectiveness of the
    Company’s ICFR.
    DC&P form a broader framework designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be
    disclosed by the Company in its annual and interim filings and other reports filed under securities
    legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time frame specified in securities
    legislation and includes controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
    disclosed by the Company


                                                         20
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    in its annual and interim filings and other reports submitted under securities legislation is accumulated and
    communicated to the Company’s management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
    Together, the ICFR and DC&P frameworks provide internal control over financial reporting and disclosure.
    The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable
    assurance that information, which is required to be disclosed in the Company’s annual and interim filings
    and other reports filed under securities legislation, is accumulated and communicated in a timely fashion.
    Due to their inherent limitations, the Company acknowledges that, no matter how well designed, ICFR and
    DC&P can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and as such may
    not prevent or detect all misstatements. Further, the effectiveness of ICFR is subject to the risk that controls
    may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or
    procedures may change.
    There have been no significant changes in our internal controls during the three and six months ended
    June 30, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control
    over financial reporting.

    Limitation on scope of design

    The Company acquired Kirkland on February 8, 2022. The financial information for this acquisition is
    included in Note 5 to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements. The CSA’s National
    Instrument 52-109 and the SEC staff provide an exemption whereby companies undergoing acquisitions can
    exclude the acquired business in the year of acquisition from the scope of testing and assessment of design
    and operational effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. Due to the complexity associated with
    assessing internal controls during integration efforts, the Company plans to utilize the scope exemption as it
    relates to this acquisition in its management report on internal controls over financial reporting for the year
    ending December 31, 2022.
    The tables below present summary financial information for Kirkland included in the Company’s condensed
    interim consolidated financial statements. Results of operations from Kirkland have been consolidated with
    those of the Company from February 8, 2022:
                                                                                                       February 8. 2022 −
    ​                                                                                            ​ ​     June 30, 2022 ​
    Revenues from mining operations                                                              ​​          $1,133,144​
    Income before income and mining taxes                                                        ​​            $386,245 ​

                                                                                                                As at
    ​                                                                                                  ​ ​   June 30, 2022 ​
    Total assets                                                                                       ​ ​ $13,576,741 ​
    Total liabilities                                                                                  ​ ​ $3,042,284 ​
    Total net assets                                                                                   ​ ​ $10,534,457​

    Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures

    This MD&A presents certain financial performance measures, including adjusted net income, adjusted net
    income per share, total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (on both a by-product and co-product basis),
    minesite costs per tonne, all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced (on both a by-product and co-
    product basis), operating margin, realized prices, sustaining capital expenditures and development capital
    expenditures, that are not recognized measures under IFRS. These measures may not be comparable to
    similar measures reported by other gold producers. Non-GAAP financial performance measures should be
    considered together with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. Refer to Note to Investors
    Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the composition, usefulness and
    other information regarding such measures.


                                                           21
​




                                              AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                            (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                        For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income Per Share

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding adjusted net income and adjusted net income per
    share.
    The following table sets out the reconciliation of net income and net income per share for the three and
    six months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 to adjusted net income and adjusted net income per
    share.

                                                                                              Three Months Ended              Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                                ​ ​            June 30,           ​ ​         June 30,            ​
    (thousands of United States dollars)                                             ​ ​      2022    ​ ​    2021(i)   ​ ​    2022   ​ ​     2021(i)​
    ​                                                                                ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​ Restated ​ ​ ​ ​          ​ ​ ​ Restated ​
    Net income for the period — basic                                                ​ ​​$275,845​​ ​​$196,391​​ ​​$385,597​​ ​​$341,630​
      Add: Dilutive impact of cash settling LTIP                                     ​ ​​$ (2,745)​​ ​​$      —​​ ​​$      398​​ ​​$      —​
    Net income for the period — diluted                                              ​ ​​ ​273,100​​ ​​ ​196,391​​ ​​ ​385,995​​ ​​ ​341,630​
          Foreign currency translation (gain) loss                                   ​ ​​ ​(13,492​​
                                                                                                  ) ​​ ​ 2,440​​ ​​ ​(12,282​​) ​​ ​ (638​)
          Realized and unrealized loss (gain) on derivative financial
            instruments                                               ​ ​​ ​ 40,753​​ ​​ ​(21,120)​​ ​​$ 12,089​​ ​​ ​      (54​)
          Severance and transaction costs related to acquisitions     ​ ​​ ​ 11,372​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​ 92,139​​ ​​ ​ 2,831​
          Environmental remediation                                   ​ ​​ ​ (319)​​ ​​ ​ (210)​​ ​​ ​ (2,618)​​ ​​ ​ (838​)
          Integration costs                                           ​ ​​ ​    457​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      457​​ ​​ ​     —​
          Gain on sale of non-strategic exploration properties        ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​(10,000​)
          Net loss on disposal of property. plant and equipment       ​ ​​ ​ 2,828​​ ​​ ​ 2,565​​ ​​ ​ 3,914​​ ​​ ​ 4,388​
          Purchase price allocation to inventory(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​ 39,185​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​152,836​​ ​​ ​       —​
          Multi-year health care donation                             ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​ 7,952​
          Income and mining taxes adjustments(iii)                    ​ ​​ ​ (9,516)​​ ​​ ​ (5,514)​​ ​​ ​(49,398)​​ ​​ ​ 1,242​
    Adjusted net income for the period — basic                                       ​ ​​$347,113​​ ​​$174,552​​ ​​$582,734​​ ​​$346,513​
    Adjusted net income for the period — diluted                                     ​ ​​$344,368​​ ​​$174,552​​ ​​$583,132​​ ​​$346,513​
    Net income per share — basic                                                     ​ ​​$      0.61​​ ​​$      0.81​​ ​​$      0.92​​ ​​$      1.40​
    Net income per share — diluted                                                   ​ ​​$      0.60​​ ​​$      0.80​​ ​​$      0.92​​ ​​$      1.40​
    Adjusted net income per share — basic                                            ​ ​​$      0.76​​ ​​$      0.72​​ ​​$      1.39​​ ​​$      1.43​
    Adjusted net income per share — diluted                                          ​ ​​$      0.75​​ ​​$      0.71​​ ​​$      1.38​​ ​​$      1.42​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)     The Company has adopted amendments to IAS 16 effective January 1, 2022 on a retrospective basis and the comparative
            amounts above have been adjusted accordingly. For more information please see Note 3 in the Company’s condensed interim
            consolidated financial statements. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of TMAC during the year ended
            December 31, 2021 and adjustments were made retrospectively back to the acquisition date of February 2, 2021 and the
            comparative amounts above have been adjusted accordingly. For more information please see Note 5 in the Company’s
            condensed interim consolidated financial statements.
    (ii)    The Company determined that the transaction with Kirkland represented a business combination under IFRS 3 Business
            Combinations (“IFRS 3”), with Agnico identified as the acquirer and, as such, the transaction was accounted for using the
            acquisition method of accounting in accordance with IFRS 3. As part of the preliminary purchase price allocation, the Company
            is required to determine the fair value of net assets acquired. The fair value of inventory acquired was estimated based on the
            selling cost less costs to be incurred plus a profit margin on those costs resulting in a fair value increase to the carrying value of
            inventories acquired from Kirkland. The revalued inventory sold during the three months ended June 30, 2022 resulted in
            additional production costs of approximately $39.2 million ($27.1 million after tax) and for the six months ended June 30, 2022,
            resulted in additional production costs of approximately $152.8 million ($105.9 million after tax). Given the unusual nature of
            the fair value adjustment on inventory related to the Merger, this non-cash adjustment, which increased the cost of inventory sold
            during the period, was normalized from earnings per share in the three and six months ended June 30, 2022.



                                                                          22
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                      For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    (iii) Income and mining taxes adjustments reflect items such as foreign currency translation recorded to the income and mining taxes
          expense, income and mining taxes impact on normalized items, recognition of previously unrecognized capital losses, the result
          of income and mining taxes audits, impact of tax law changes and reflective adjustments to prior period operating results.

    Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced and Minesite Costs per Tonne

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding total cash costs per ounce of gold produced and
    minesite costs per tonne.

    The following tables set out a reconciliation of total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (on both a by-
    product basis and co-product basis) and minesite costs per tonne to production costs, exclusive of
    amortization, as presented in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income in accordance with
    IFRS.

    Total Production Costs by Mine
                                                                                   Three Months Ended              Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                        ​ ​         June 30,         ​ ​           June 30,           ​
    (thousands of United States dollars)                                     ​ ​   2022     ​ ​   2021    ​ ​     2022      ​ ​  2021      ​
    Quebec                                                                   ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
      LaRonde mine                                                           ​ ​​$  33,949 ​​ ​​$   59,806 ​​ ​​$   79,790 ​​ ​​$ 111,148 ​
      LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                    ​ ​​$ 17,133​​ ​​ ​ 14,253​​ ​​ ​ 33,866​​ ​​ ​ 26,938​
      LaRonde complex                                                        ​ ​​ ​ 51,082​​ ​​ ​ 74,059​​ ​​ ​ 113,656​​ ​​ ​138,086​
      Canadian Malartic mine(i)                                              ​ ​​ ​ 56,405​​ ​​ ​ 63,458​​ ​​ ​ 113,342​​ ​​ ​118,926​
      Goldex mine                                                            ​ ​​ ​ 26,530​​ ​​ ​ 25,261​​ ​​ ​ 52,747​​ ​​ ​ 47,774​
    Ontario                                                                  ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
      Detour Lake mine                                                       ​ ​​ ​137,429​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​ 257,394​​ ​​ ​        —​
      Macassa mine                                                           ​ ​​ ​ 33,001​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​ 65,315​​ ​​ ​         —​
    Nunavut                                                                  ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
      Meliadine mine                                                         ​ ​​ ​ 86,386​​ ​​ ​ 60,538​​ ​​ ​ 165,065​​ ​​ ​125,278​
      Meadowbank complex                                                     ​ ​​ ​107,373​​ ​​ ​ 96,357​​ ​​ ​ 204,084​​ ​​ ​183,696​
      Hope Bay mine                                                          ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​ 17,594​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​ 41,669​
    Australia                                                                ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
      Fosterville mine                                                       ​ ​​ ​ 48,303​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​ 136,304​​ ​​ ​        —​
    Europe                                                                   ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
      Kittila mine                                                           ​ ​​ ​ 53,315​​ ​​ ​ 47,944​​ ​​ ​ 102,766​​ ​​ ​ 96,604​
    Mexico                                                                   ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
      Pinos Altos mine                                                       ​ ​​ ​ 39,873​​ ​​ ​ 39,345​​ ​​ ​ 72,409​​ ​​ ​ 71,343​
      Creston Mascota mine                                                   ​ ​​ ​    484​​ ​​ ​ 2,009​​ ​​ ​       1,099​​ ​​ ​ 4,426​
      La India mine                                                          ​ ​​ ​ 17,455​​ ​​ ​ 6,485​​ ​​ ​ 35,190​​ ​​ ​ 22,624​
    Production costs per the condensed interim consolidated
      statements of income                                                   ​ ​​$657,636​​ ​​$433,050​​ ​​$ 1,319,371​​ ​​$850,426​




                                                                    23
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Reconciliation of Production Costs to Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced by Mine and
    Reconciliation of Production Costs to Minesite Costs per Tonne by Mine
    (thousands of United States dollars, except as noted)
    LaRonde mine                                          Three Months Ended                                    Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​         June 30, 2022                           ​​            June 30, 2021                         ​​                June 30, 2022                      ​​                June 30, 2021                      ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                     ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​   70,736​​​​ ​          ​​​​ ​   80,681​​​​ ​          ​​​​ ​ 158,285​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​ 156,070​


    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$          33,949​​​​ $                  480​​​​ $             59,806​​​​ $                  741​​​​$               79,790​​​​$                   504​​​​$              111,148​​​​$                  712​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​          20,746​​​​ ​                  293​​​​ ​              (5,483)​​​​ ​                (68)​​​​ ​             31,673​​​​ ​                  200​​​​ ​              (4,554)​​​​ ​                 (29​)
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​             (127)​​​​ ​                 (2)​​​​ ​             (3,515)​​​​ ​                (44)​​​​ ​               (612)​​​​ ​                  (4)​​​​ ​             (5,771)​​​​ ​                 (37​)
      Other adjustments(vi)                      ​ ​​ ​            4,079​​​​ ​                  58​​​​ ​               5,364​​​​ ​                  67​​​​ ​               6,841​​​​ ​                   44​​​​ ​              10,182​​​​ ​                   65​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$          58,647​​​​ $                  829​​​​ $             56,172​​​​ $                  696​​​​$              117,692​​​​$                   744​​​​$              111,005​​​​$                   711​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​          (18,643)​​​​ ​               (263)​​​​ ​            (20,878)​​​​ ​               (259)​​​​ ​            (35,861)​​​​ ​                (227)​​​​ ​            (38,777)​​​​ ​                (248​)

    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$          40,004​​​​ $                  566​​​​ $             35,294​​​​ $                  437​​​​$               81,831​​​​$                   517​​​​$               72,228​​​​$                  463​


    LaRonde mine                                          Three Months Ended                                    Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​         June 30, 2022                           ​​            June 30, 2021                         ​​                June 30, 2022                      ​​                June 30, 2021                      ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)   ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​     ​ 423​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 443​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 877​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 930​


    Production costs                             ​ ​​ $          33,949​​​​           $         80​​​​ $             59,806​​​​           $        135​​​​ $   79,790​​​​                      $         91​​​​ $ 111,148​​​​                       $       120​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​ C$        43,317​​​​          C$        103​​​​ C$            72,508​​​​          C$        164​​​​ C$ 101,332​​​​                     C$        115​​​​ C$ 138,911​​​​                     C$       149​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​        ​   25,856​​​​               ​     61​​​​           ​    (4,336)​​​​             ​    (10)​​​​ ​ 38,213​​​​                           ​     44​​​​ ​ (3,831)​​​​                           ​     (4​)
      Other adjustments (C$)(vi)                 ​ ​​        ​    (3,371)​​​​             ​      (8)​​​​         ​    (3,129)​​​​             ​      (7)​​​​        ​     (6,877)​​​​              ​      (8)​​​​        ​     (5,623)​​​​              ​     (6)​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                       C$       65,802              C$        156          C$       65,043              C$        147 C$ 132,668                             C$        151 C$ 129,457                             C$       139
                                                 ​ ​​                     ​​​​                       ​​​​                     ​​​​                    ​​​​        ​​​​                                     ​​​​        ​​​​                                        ​

    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                   Three Months Ended                                    Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​         June 30, 2022                           ​​            June 30, 2021                         ​​                June 30, 2022                      ​​                June 30, 2021                      ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                     ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    17,774​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    16,842​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    35,262​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    34,531​


    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$          17,133​​​​ $                  964​​​​ $             14,253​​​​ $                  846​​​​ $              33,866​​​​ $                  960​​​​ $              26,938​​​​ $                 780​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​              350​​​​ ​                  20​​​​ ​                 318​​​​ ​                  19​​​​ ​                 815​​​​ ​                   24​​​​ ​               1,687​​​​ ​                   49​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​               (30)​​​​ ​                 (2)​​​​ ​              (831)​​​​ ​                (49)​​​​ ​               (143)​​​​ ​                   (4)​​​​ ​            (1,364)​​​​ ​                 (40)​
      Other adjustments(vi)                      ​ ​​ ​                19​​​​ ​                   1​​​​ ​                  29​​​​ ​                   2​​​​ ​                  49​​​​ ​                    1​​​​ ​                  57​​​​ ​                  2​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$          17,472​​​​ $                  983​​​​ $             13,769​​​​ $                  818​​​​ $              34,587​​​​ $                  981​​​​ $              27,318​​​​ $                 791​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​               (28)​​​​ ​                 (1)​​​​ ​                (63)​​​​ ​                 (4)​​​​ ​              (119)​​​​ ​                   (3)​​​​ ​              (152)​​​​ ​                  (4​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)           $          17,444          $             982          $        13,706          $             814          $         34,468          $             978          $         27,166          $            787
                                                 ​ ​​                     ​​​​                       ​​​​                     ​​​​                       ​​​​                      ​​​​                       ​​​​                      ​​​​                       ​

    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                   Three Months Ended                                    Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​         June 30, 2022                           ​​            June 30, 2021                         ​​                June 30, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                  ​                           ​​                June 30, 2021

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)   ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​     ​ 291​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 278​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 570​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 555​


    Production costs                             ​ ​​ $          17,133​​​​           $         59​​​​ $             14,253​​​​           $         51​​​​ $              33,866​​​​           $         59​​​​ $              26,938​​​​           $         49​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​ C$        21,854​​​​          C$         75​​​​ C$            17,645​​​​          C$         63​​​​ C$             43,027​​​​          C$         75​​​​ C$             33,799​​​​          C$         61​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​        ​       523​​​​              ​       2​​​​          ​       259​​​​              ​       1​​​​          ​     1,099​​​​               ​       2​​​​          ​     1,902​​​​               ​      3​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                       C$       22,377              C$         77          C$       17,904              C$         64          C$        44,126              C$         77          C$        35,701              C$         64
                                                 ​ ​​                     ​​​​                       ​​​​                     ​​​​                       ​​​​                      ​​​​                       ​​​​                      ​​​​                       ​




                                                                                                            24
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    LaRonde complex                                       Three Months Ended                                    Three Months Ended                                        Six Months Ended                            Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​         June 30, 2022                              ​​         June 30, 2021                               ​​           June 30, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                              ​                           ​​            June 30, 2021

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                     ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    88,510​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    97,523​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​ 193,547​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​ 190,601​


    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$          51,082​​​​ $                    577​​​​ $              74,059​​​​ $                     759​​​​$         113,656​​​​$              587​​​​$          138,086​​​​$             724​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​          21,096​​​​ ​                    238​​​​ ​               (5,165)​​​​ ​                   (53)​​​​ ​        32,488​​​​ ​             168​​​​ ​          (2,867)​​​​ ​            (15)​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​             (157)​​​​ ​                     (2)​​​​ ​            (4,346)​​​​ ​                   (45)​​​​ ​          (755)​​​​ ​              (4)​​​​ ​        (7,135)​​​​ ​            (37)​
      Other adjustments(vi)                      ​ ​​ ​            4,098​​​​ ​                     47​​​​ ​               5,393​​​​ ​                     56​​​​ ​          6,890​​​​ ​              36​​​​ ​          10,239​​​​ ​             54​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$           76,119​​​​ $                   860​​​​ $              69,941​​​​ $                     717​​​​$         152,279​​​​$              787​​​​$          138,323​​​​$             726​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​          (18,671)​​​​ ​                  (211)​​​​ ​            (20,941)​​​​ ​                  (215)​​​​ ​       (35,980)​​​​ ​           (186)​​​​ ​        (38,929)​​​​ ​           (205)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)           $          57,448          $               649 $                  49,000          $                502 $            116,299 $                 601 $              99,394 $                521
                                                 ​ ​​                     ​​​​                      ​​​​                         ​​​​                       ​​​​                  ​​​​                 ​​​​                  ​​​​                     ​

    LaRonde complex                                       Three Months Ended                                    Three Months Ended                                        Six Months Ended                            Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​         June 30, 2022                              ​​         June 30, 2021                               ​​           June 30, 2022                 ​​            June 30, 2021                 ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)   ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​     ​ 714​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 721​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 1,447​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 1,485​


    Production costs                             ​ ​​ $          51,082​​​​              $         72​​​​ $             74,059​​​​              $        103​​​​ $ 113,656​​​​ $                     79​​​​ $ 138,086​​​​ $                      93​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​ C$        65,171​​​​          C$            92​​​​ C$            90,153​​​​          C$           125​​​​ C$ 144,359​​​​ C$                  100​​​​ C$ 172,710​​​​ C$                   116​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​        ​   26,379​​​​                  ​     37​​​​           ​    (4,077)​​​​                ​      (6)​​​​    ​    39,312​​​​      ​         27​​​​ ​ (1,929)​​​​     ​                  (1)​
      Other adjustments (C$)(vi)                 ​ ​​        ​    (3,371)​​​​                ​      (5)​​​​         ​    (3,129)​​​​                ​      (4)​​​​    ​    (6,877)​​​​     ​          (5)​​​​     ​    (5,623)​​​​         ​     (4​)
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                       C$       88,179              C$          124           C$       82,947              C$           115 C$ 176,794 C$                          122 C$ 165,158 C$                           111
                                                 ​ ​​                     ​​​​                          ​​​​                     ​​​​                       ​​​​       ​​​​                            ​​​​       ​​​​                                ​

    Canadian Malartic mine                                Three Months Ended                                    Three Months Ended                                        Six Months Ended                            Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced(i)                ​ ​         June 30, 2022                              ​​         June 30, 2021                               ​​           June 30, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                              ​                           ​​            June 30, 2021

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                     ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    87,186​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    92,106​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​ 167,695​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​ 181,656​


    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$          56,405​​​​ $                    647​​​​ $              63,458​​​​ $                     689​​​​$         113,342​​​​$              676​​​​$          118,926​​​​$             655​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​            2,139​​​​ ​                     25​​​​ ​              (1,191)​​​​ ​                   (13)​​​​ ​         2,867​​​​ ​              17​​​​ ​             498​​​​ ​               3​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​               —​​​​ ​                      —​​​​ ​                   —​​​​ ​                      —​​​​ ​              —​​​​ ​               —​​​​ ​              (78)​​​​ ​             —​
      Other adjustments(vi)                      ​ ​​ ​            8,332​​​​ ​                     95​​​​ ​                 120​​​​ ​                       1​​​​ ​        16,114​​​​ ​              96​​​​ ​             325​​​​ ​               1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$          66,876​​​​ $                    767​​​​ $              62,387​​​​ $                     677​​​​$         132,323​​​​$              789​​​​$          119,671​​​​$             659​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​           (1,243)​​​​ ​                   (14)​​​​ ​             (1,846)​​​​ ​                   (20)​​​​ ​        (2,905)​​​​ ​            (17)​​​​ ​         (3,876)​​​​ ​            (22)​

    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$          65,633​​​​ $                    753​​​​ $              60,541​​​​ $                     657​​​​$         129,418​​​​$              772​​​​$          115,795​​​​$             637​


    Canadian Malartic mine                                Three Months Ended                                    Three Months Ended                                        Six Months Ended                            Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne(i)                                 ​ ​         June 30, 2022                              ​​         June 30, 2021                               ​​           June 30, 2022                 ​​            June 30, 2021                 ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)   ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​   ​ 2,399​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 2,820​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 4,811​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 5,451​


    Production costs                             ​ ​​ $          56,405​​​​          $             24​​​​ $             63,458​​​​          $             23​​​​ $ 113,342​​​​             $         24​​​​ $ 118,926​​​​              $         22​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​ C$        71,080​​​​ C$                     30​​​​ C$            79,257​​​​ C$                     28​​​​ C$ 142,709​​​​ C$                   30​​​​ C$ 150,467​​​​ C$                    28​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​        ​     2,664​​​​             ​           1​​​​          ​    (1,408)​​​​            ​         —​​​​ ​     3,674​​​​    ​                  1​​​​ ​      803​​​​    ​                  —​
      Other adjustments (C$)(vi)                 ​ ​​        ​   10,581​​​​              ​           4​​​​          ​         —​​​​             ​         —​​​​       ​    20,228​​​​          ​       4​​​​      ​         —​​​​          ​     —​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                       C$       84,325          C$                35          C$       77,849          C$                28 C$ 166,611 C$                           35 C$ 151,270 C$                            28
                                                 ​ ​​                     ​​​​                          ​​​​                     ​​​​                       ​​​​       ​​​​                            ​​​​       ​​​​                                ​




                                                                                                               25
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Goldex mine                                                Three Months Ended                                     Three Months Ended                                                    Six Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                       ​ ​          June 30, 2022                            ​​            June 30, 2021                                      ​​    ​           June 30, 2022                     ​​                   June 30, 2021

    ​                                                ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                         ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    36,877​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    34,659​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    71,322​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    69,309​


    Production costs                                 ​ ​ ​$            26,530​​​​ $                 719​​​​ $                 25,261​​​​ $                            729​​​​ $              52,747​​​​ $                 740​​​​ $                 47,774​​​​ $                           689​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​                (22)​​​​ ​                  (1)​​​​ ​                       18​​​​ ​                         1​​​​ ​                 688​​​​ ​                  10​​​​ ​                         38​​​​ ​                         1​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                             ​ ​​ ​                (56)​​​​ ​                  (1)​​​​ ​                  (1,561)​​​​ ​                       (46)​​​​ ​               (271)​​​​ ​                  (5)​​​​ ​                  (2,563)​​​​ ​                       (37)​
      Other adjustments(vi)                          ​ ​​ ​                 41​​​​ ​                    1​​​​ ​                        54​​​​ ​                         2​​​​ ​                   95​​​​ ​                   2​​​​ ​                        99​​​​ ​                         1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)          ​ ​ ​$            26,493​​​​ $                 718​​​​ $                 23,772​​​​ $                            686​​​​ $              53,259​​​​ $                 747​​​​ $                 45,348​​​​ $                           654​
      By-product metal revenues                      ​ ​​ ​                 (5)​​​​ ​                 —​​​​ ​                         (17)​​​​ ​                       (1)​​​​ ​                 (21)​​​​ ​                 (1)​​​​ ​                      (23)​​​​ ​                       —​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               $            26,488          $            718           $           23,755              $                   685          $         53,238          $            746          $            45,325             $                   654
                                                     ​ ​​                       ​​​​                       ​​​​                            ​​​​                             ​​​​                      ​​​​                      ​​​​                            ​​​​                             ​

    Goldex mine                                                Three Months Ended                                     Three Months Ended                                                    Six Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                        ​ ​          June 30, 2022                            ​​            June 30, 2021                                      ​​                June 30, 2022                     ​​                   June 30, 2021                               ​
    ​                                                ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)       ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​     ​ 738​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 723​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 1,482​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 1,450​


    Production costs                                 ​ ​​ $            26,530​​​​           $         36​​​​ $                25,261​​​​                  $            35​​​​ $              52,747​​​​          $         36​​​​ $                 47,774​​​​             $                33​
    Production costs (C$)                            ​ ​ ​ C$          33,951​​​​          C$         46​​​​ C$               31,146​​​​              C$               43​​​​ C$             67,171​​​​ C$                 45​​​​ C$                59,704​​​​ C$                           41​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                 ​ ​​         ​         23​​​​              ​     —​​​​            ​              (39)​​​​                ​        —​​​​            ​       915​​​​              ​       1​​​​          ​              (66)​​​​            ​            —​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                            C$        33,974              C$         46          C$          31,107                  C$               43          C$        68,086          C$            46          C$           59,638             C$                   41
                                                     ​ ​​                       ​​​​                       ​​​​                            ​​​​                             ​​​​                      ​​​​                      ​​​​                            ​​​​                             ​

    Detour Lake Mine                                           Three Months Ended                                     Three Months Ended                                                    Six Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                       ​ ​          June 30, 2022                            ​​            June 30, 2021                                      ​​                June 30, 2022                     ​​                   June 30, 2021                               ​
    ​                                                ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                         ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​ 195,515​​​​     ​       ​​​​   ​     —​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​ 295,958​​​​     ​       ​​​​   ​     —​


    Production costs                                 ​ ​ ​$           137,429​​​​$                  703​​​​           $                —​​​​          $                —​​​​$               257,394​​​​$                  870​​​​          $                —​​​​          $                —​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​             3,988​​​​ ​                   20​​​​              ​            —​​​​              ​            —​​​​ ​              (12,633)​​​​ ​                (43)​​​​             ​            —​​​​              ​            —​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(v)      ​ ​​ ​           (22,690)​​​​ ​                (116)​​​​             ​            —​​​​              ​            —​​​​ ​              (68,837)​​​​ ​               (233)​​​​             ​            —​​​​              ​            —​
      Other adjustments(vi)                          ​ ​​ ​             7,304​​​​ ​                   38​​​​              ​            —​​​​              ​            —​​​​ ​               11,589​​​​ ​                  40​​​​              ​            —​​​​              ​            —​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)          ​ ​ ​$           126,031​​​​$                  645​​​​           $                —​​​​          $                —​​​​$               187,513​​​​$                  634​​​​          $                —​​​​          $                —​
      By-product metal revenues                      ​ ​​ ​            (1,015)​​​​ ​                   (5)​​​​            ​            —​​​​              ​            —​​​​ ​               (2,220)​​​​ ​                  (8)​​​​            ​            —​​​​              ​            —​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)          ​ ​ ​$           125,016​​​​$                  640​​​​           $                —​​​​          $                —​​​​$               185,293​​​​$                  626​​​​          $                —​​​​          $                —​


    Detour Lake Mine                                           Three Months Ended                                     Three Months Ended                                                    Six Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                        ​ ​          June 30, 2022                            ​​            June 30, 2021                                      ​​                June 30, 2022                     ​​                   June 30, 2021                               ​
    ​                                                ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)       ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​   ​ 6,519​​​​        ​     ​​​​       ​ —​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 9,789​​​​        ​     ​​​​       ​ —​


    Production costs                                 ​ ​ ​ $ 137,429​​​​ $                            21​​​​                  $        —​​​​                  $        —​​​​ $ 257,394​​​​ $                               26​​​​                  $        —​​​​                  $        —​
    Production costs (C$)                            ​ ​ ​ C$ 175,421​​​​ C$                          27​​​​              C$           —​​​​              C$           —​​​​ C$ 327,239​​​​ C$                             33​​​​           C$              —​​​​          C$               —​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                 ​ ​​ ​     5,205​​​​    ​                          1​​​​                     ​    —​​​​                      ​    —​​​​           ​ (15,867)​​​​                ​      (2)​​​​                    ​    —​​​​                      ​    —​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory (C$)(v) ​ ​ ​     ​ (29,108)​​​​               ​          (5)​​​​                    ​    —​​​​                      ​    —​​​​           ​ (87,508)​​​​                ​      (9)​​​​                    ​    —​​​​                      ​    —​
      Other adjustments (C$)(vi)                     ​ ​​      ​   9,349​​​​                ​           1​​​​                     ​    —​​​​                      ​    —​​​​           ​ 14,749​​​​                  ​       2​​​​                     ​    —​​​​                      ​    —​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                            C$ 160,867                C$             24                  C$           —                  C$           — C$ 238,613 C$                                     24               C$              —              C$               —
                                                     ​ ​​                       ​​​​                       ​​​​                            ​​​​                         ​​​​       ​​​​                                         ​​​​                            ​​​​                             ​




                                                                                                                  26
​




                                                      AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                               MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                                For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Macassa Mine                                                 Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                                                 Six Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                         ​ ​          June 30, 2022                        ​​            June 30, 2021                                       ​​       ​    June 30, 2022                      ​​               June 30, 2021

    ​                                                  ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                           ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    61,262​​​​   ​       ​​​​   ​     —​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​    85,750​​​​   ​       ​​​​   ​     —​


    Production costs                                   ​ ​ ​$         33,001​​​​ $                 539​​​​          $                  —​​​​          $                —​​​​ $          65,315​​​​ $                  762​​​​      $                  —​​​​      $                —​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​            953​​​​ ​                  16​​​​              ​              —​​​​              ​            —​​​​ ​          (1,147)​​​​ ​                 (13)​​​​         ​              —​​​​          ​            —​
        Purchase price allocation to inventory(v)      ​ ​ ​$            501​​​​ $                    8​​​​         $                  —​​​​          $                —​​​​ ​         (10,326)​​​​ ​                (120)​​​​         ​              —​​​​          ​            —​
        Other adjustments(vi)                          ​ ​ ​$          1,332​​​​ $                  21​​​​          $                  —​​​​          $                —​​​​ ​           1,288​​​​ ​                   14​​​​          ​              —​​​​          ​            —​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)            ​ ​ ​$         35,787​​​​ $                 584​​​​          $                  —​​​​          $                —​​​​ $          55,130​​​​ $                  643​​​​      $                  —​​​​      $                —​
        By-product metal revenues                      ​ ​​ ​           (114)​​​​ ​                 (2)​​​​             ​              —​​​​              ​            —​​​​ ​             (187)​​​​ ​                  (2)​​​​        ​              —​​​​          ​            —​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                 $         35,673          $            582              $                  —              $                — $              54,943          $             641          $                  —          $                —
                                                       ​ ​​                    ​​​​                      ​​​​                              ​​​​                         ​​​​                     ​​​​                       ​​​​                          ​​​​                         ​

    Macassa Mine                                                 Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                                                 Six Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                          ​ ​          June 30, 2022                        ​​            June 30, 2021                                       ​​            June 30, 2022                      ​​               June 30, 2021                             ​
    ​                                                  ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)         ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​     ​    88​​​​      ​     ​​​​       ​ —​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 135​​​​        ​     ​​​​       ​ —​


    Production costs                                   ​ ​​ $         33,001​​​​           $       374​​​​                  $          —​​​​                  $        —​​​​ $          65,315​​​​           $        483​​​​              $          —​​​​              $        —​
    Production costs (C$)                              ​ ​ ​ C$       42,211​​​​          C$       479​​​​              C$             —​​​​              C$           —​​​​ C$         83,041​​​​          C$        615​​​​      C$                 —​​​​      C$               —​
        Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                 ​ ​​       ​    1,278​​​​               ​    14​​​​                      ​      —​​​​                      ​    —​​​​       ​    (1,366)​​​​              ​    (10)​​​​                 ​      —​​​​                  ​    —​
        Purchase price allocation to inventory (C$)(v) ​ ​ ​      ​      450​​​​               ​      5​​​​                     ​      —​​​​                      ​    —​​​​       ​ (13,128)​​​​                ​    (97)​​​​                 ​      —​​​​                  ​    —​
        Other adjustments (C$)(vi)                     ​ ​​       ​    1,725​​​​               ​    21​​​​                      ​      —​​​​                      ​    —​​​​       ​     1,657​​​​               ​     12​​​​                  ​      —​​​​                  ​    —​

    Minesite operating costs (C$)                      ​ ​ ​ C$       45,664​​​​          C$       519​​​​              C$             —​​​​              C$           —​​​​ C$         70,204​​​​          C$        520​​​​      C$                 —​​​​      C$               —​


    Meliadine mine                                               Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                                                 Six Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced(vii)                    ​ ​          June 30, 2022                        ​​            June 30, 2021                                       ​​            June 30, 2022                      ​​               June 30, 2021                             ​
    ​                                                  ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                           ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    97,572​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    87,641​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​ 178,276​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​ 175,644​


    Production costs                                   ​ ​ ​$         86,386​​​​ $                 885​​​​ $                60,538​​​​ $                              691​​​​$         165,065​​​​$                   926​​​​$             125,278​​​​$                          713​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​         (3,671)​​​​ ​                (38)​​​​ ​                       3,127​​​​ ​                        36​​​​ ​             (39)​​​​ ​                 —​​​​ ​                     1,427​​​​ ​                     8​
        Realized gains and losses on hedges of
          production costs                             ​ ​​ ​           (884)​​​​ ​                 (9)​​​​ ​                   (3,980)​​​​ ​                         (45)​​​​ ​        (2,195)​​​​ ​                 (13)​​​​ ​            (6,614)​​​​ ​                        (38)​
        IAS 16 amendments(iv)                          ​ ​​ ​             —​​​​ ​                   —​​​​ ​                     (5,543)​​​​ ​                         (64)​​​​ ​             —​​​​ ​                   —​​​​ ​             (10,519)​​​​ ​                        (59​)
        Other adjustments(vi)                          ​ ​​ ​             68​​​​ ​                    1​​​​ ​                          81​​​​ ​                          1​​​​ ​            163​​​​ ​                    1​​​​ ​                     124​​​​ ​                     1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)            ​ ​ ​$         81,899​​​​ $                 839​​​​ $                54,223​​​​ $                              619​​​​$         162,994​​​​$                   914​​​​$             109,696​​​​$                          625​
        By-product metal revenues                      ​ ​​ ​           (188)​​​​ ​                 (2)​​​​ ​                        (225)​​​​ ​                       (3)​​​​ ​          (405)​​​​ ​                  (2)​​​​ ​              (445)​​​​ ​                         (3)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                 $         81,711          $            837          $           53,998                $                   616 $            162,589 $                      912 $                109,251 $                             622
                                                       ​ ​​                    ​​​​                      ​​​​                              ​​​​                           ​​​​                 ​​​​                       ​​​​                     ​​​​                                ​

    Meliadine mine                                               Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                                                 Six Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne(viii)                                    ​ ​          June 30, 2022                        ​​            June 30, 2021                                       ​​           ​June 30, 2022                      ​​               June 30, 2021
    ​                                                  ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)         ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​     ​ 449​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 324​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 881​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 662​


    Production costs                                   ​ ​ ​ $ 86,386​​​​                  $       192​​​​ $                60,538​​​​                    $           188​​​​ $ 165,065​​​​                  $        187​​​​ $ 125,278​​​​                          $           189​
    Production costs (C$)                              ​ ​ ​ C$ 109,488​​​​               C$       244​​​​ C$               75,270​​​​                C$              232​​​​ C$ 208,925​​​​                C$        237​​​​ C$ 158,058​​​​                     C$              239​
        Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                 ​ ​ ​ ​ (4,241)​​​​                     ​   (10)​​​​          ​              3,482​​​​                 ​        11​​​​ ​      284​​​​                     ​     —​​​​ ​       974​​​​                             ​         1​
        IAS 16 amendments (C$)(iv)                     ​ ​​      ​        —​​​​                ​    —​​​​            ​          (6,892)​​​​                   ​       (21)​​​​     ​         —​​​​               ​     —​​​​  ​ (13,271)​​​​                             ​       (20)​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                              C$ 105,247                 C$       234          C$          71,860                    C$              222 C$ 209,209                        C$        237 C$ 145,761                             C$              220
                                                       ​ ​​                  ​​​​                        ​​​​                             ​​​​                           ​​​​        ​​​​                                ​​​​           ​​​​                                           ​




                                                                                                                27
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Meadowbank complex                                      Three Months Ended                                                  Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                              Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced(ix)               ​ ​           June 30, 2022                                         ​​            June 30, 2021                          ​​  ​            June 30, 2022                               ​​                June 30, 2021

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                     ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    96,698​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    85,551​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​ 156,463​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​ 165,516​


    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$             107,373​​​​ $                            1,110​​​​ $             96,357​​​​ $                 1,126​​​​$             204,084​​​​$                           1,304​​​​$             183,696​​​​$              1,110​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​                 (9,132)​​​​ ​                          (94)​​​​ ​               988​​​​ ​                    12​​​​ ​                    6,071​​​​ ​                       39​​​​ ​              6,767​​​​ ​                41​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​                 (1,631)​​​​ ​                          (17)​​​​ ​            (4,296)​​​​ ​                  (50)​​​​ ​               (3,674)​​​​ ​                        (23)​​​​ ​            (7,210)​​​​ ​              (44​)
      Operational care & maintenance due to
       COVID-19﻿(iii)                            ​ ​​ ​                       —​​​​ ​                           —​​​​ ​                  —​​​​ ​                     —​​​​ ​                 (1,436)​​​​ ​                         (9)​​​​ ​                 —​​​​ ​                —​
      IAS 16 amendments(iv)                      ​ ​​ ​                       —​​​​ ​                           —​​​​ ​                (335)​​​​ ​                   (4)​​​​ ​                      —​​​​ ​                        —​​​​ ​                (335)​​​​ ​               (2)​
      Other adjustments(vi)                      ​ ​​ ​                      (26)​​​​ ​                         —​​​​ ​                 124​​​​ ​                     1​​​​ ​                       40​​​​ ​                       —​​​​ ​                 197​​​​ ​                 1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$              96,584​​​​ $                              999​​​​ $             92,838​​​​ $                 1,085​​​​$             205,085​​​​$                           1,311​​​​$             183,115​​​​$              1,106​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​                     (587)​​​​ ​                          (6)​​​​ ​             (701)​​​​ ​                   (8)​​​​ ​                    (882)​​​​ ​                      (6)​​​​ ​            (1,193)​​​​ ​               (7​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)             $            95,997              $                     993          $        92,137          $            1,077 $                204,203 $                              1,305 $                181,922 $                 1,099
                                                 ​ ​​                             ​​​​                               ​​​​                     ​​​​                     ​​​​                     ​​​​                                 ​​​​                     ​​​​                       ​

    Meadowbank complex                                      Three Months Ended                                                  Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                              Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne(x)                                 ​ ​           June 30, 2022                                         ​​            June 30, 2021                          ​​               June 30, 2022                               ​​                June 30, 2021                   ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)   ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​     ​ 930​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 879​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 1,785​​​​ ​            ​​​​   ​ 1,803​


    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​ $ 107,373​​​​                             $             116​​​​ $ 96,357​​​​                       $         110​​​​ $ 204,084​​​​ $                                       114​​​​ $ 183,696​​​​ $                         102​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​ C$ 136,663​​​​                        C$                147​​​​ C$ 120,668​​​​                    C$         137​​​​ C$ 259,128​​​​ C$                                     145​​​​ C$ 233,434​​​​ C$                       129​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​ ​ ​ (10,911)​​​​                                ​         (12)​​​​         ​       880​​​​               ​       1​​​​ ​    7,897​​​​    ​                                     5​​​​ ​    7,982​​​​    ​                        5​
      Operational care and maintenance due to
       COVID-19 (C$)﻿(iii)                       ​ ​​       ​                 —​​​​                  ​          —​​​​           ​        —​​​​                ​      —​​​​       ​           (1,793)​​​​            ​              (1)​​​​     ​            —​​​​        ​          —​
      IAS 16 amendments (C$)(iv)                 ​ ​​       ​                 —​​​​                  ​          —​​​​           ​      (420)​​​​              ​      —​​​​       ​                  —​​​​           ​              —​​​​       ​          (420)​​​​      ​          —​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                       C$ 125,752                           C$                135 C$ 121,128                            C$         138 C$ 265,232 C$                                             149 C$ 240,996 C$                               134
                                                 ​ ​​                             ​​​​                            ​​​​        ​​​​                                     ​​​​       ​​​​                                               ​​​​       ​​​​                                     ​

    Hope Bay mine                                           Three Months Ended                                                  Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                              Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​           June 30, 2022                                         ​​            June 30, 2021                          ​​               June 30, 2022                               ​​                June 30, 2021                   ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                     ​ ​​    ​       ​​​​   ​     —​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​    25,308​​​​   ​       ​​​​   ​     —​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​    37,567​


    Production costs                             ​ ​​       $                 —​​​​          $                  —​​​​ $              17,594​​​​ $                   695​​​​      $                  —​​​​       $                  —​​​​ $              41,669​​​​ $             1,109​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​           ​             —​​​​              ​              —​​​​ ​               5,555​​​​ ​                   220​​​​          ​              —​​​​           ​              —​​​​ ​              (7,136)​​​​ ​             (190)​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​​       $                 —​​​​          $                  —​​​​ $              23,149​​​​ $                   915​​​​      $                  —​​​​       $                  —​​​​ $              34,533​​​​ $              919​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​           ​             —​​​​              ​              —​​​​ ​                  —​​​​ ​                     —​​​​           ​              —​​​​           ​              —​​​​ ​                   —​​​​ ​                —​

    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)      ​ ​​       $                 —​​​​          $                  —​​​​ $              23,149​​​​ $                   915​​​​      $                  —​​​​       $                  —​​​​ $              34,533​​​​ $              919​


    Hope Bay mine                                           Three Months Ended                                                  Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                              Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​           June 30, 2022                                         ​​            June 30, 2021                          ​​               June 30, 2022                               ​​                June 30, 2021                   ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)   ​ ​​      ​     ​​​​       ​ —​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​    95​​​​      ​     ​​​​       ​ —​​​​ ​            ​​​​     ​ 134​


    Production costs                             ​ ​​               $         —​​​​                  $          —​​​​ $              17,594​​​​           $         185​​​​              $          —​​​​               $          —​​​​ $              41,669​​​​       $        311​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​​           C$            —​​​​              C$             —​​​​ C$             21,468​​​​          C$         225​​​​          C$             —​​​​           C$             —​​​​ C$             51,945​​​​      C$        387​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​                   ​     —​​​​                      ​      —​​​​            ​    6,979​​​​               ​      74​​​​                  ​      —​​​​                   ​      —​​​​           ​    (9,327)​​​​          ​     (70​)
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                               C$            —                  C$             —           C$       28,447              C$         299              C$             —               C$             —          C$        42,618          C$        317
                                                 ​ ​​                             ​​​​                              ​​​​                      ​​​​                        ​​​​                          ​​​​                           ​​​​                      ​​​​                    ​




                                                                                                                            28
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Fosterville Mine                                              Three Months Ended                                  Three Months Ended                                            Six Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                       ​ ​             June 30, 2022                            ​​         June 30, 2021                                 ​​         ​   June 30, 2022                  ​​                June 30, 2021

    ​                                                ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                         ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    86,065​​​​   ​       ​​​​   ​     —​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​ 167,892​​​​     ​       ​​​​   ​     —​


    Production costs                                 ​ ​ ​$           48,303​​​​ $                      561​​​​       $                —​​​​       $                —​​​​$          136,304​​​​$               812​​​​       $                 —​​​​       $                —​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​              (970)​​​​ ​                    (12)​​​​          ​            —​​​​           ​            —​​​​ ​          (6,809)​​​​ ​             (41)​​​​          ​             —​​​​           ​            —​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(v)      ​ ​​ ​           (16,997)​​​​ ​                   (197)​​​​          ​            —​​​​           ​            —​​​​ ​         (73,674)​​​​ ​            (439)​​​​          ​             —​​​​           ​            —​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)          ​ ​ ​$           30,336​​​​ $                      352​​​​       $                —​​​​       $                —​​​​$           55,821​​​​$               332​​​​       $                 —​​​​       $                —​
      By-product metal revenues                      ​ ​​ ​              (125)​​​​ ​                      (1)​​​​         ​            —​​​​           ​            —​​​​ ​            (313)​​​​ ​               (1)​​​​         ​             —​​​​           ​            —​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)               $            30,211          $                351           $                —           $                — $              55,508 $                  331           $                 —           $                —
                                                     ​ ​​                       ​​​​                          ​​​​                         ​​​​                      ​​​​                  ​​​​                      ​​​​                          ​​​​                         ​

    Fosterville Mine                                              Three Months Ended                                  Three Months Ended                                            Six Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                        ​ ​             June 30, 2022                            ​​         June 30, 2021                                 ​​             June 30, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                      ​                              ​​                June 30, 2021

    ​                                                ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)       ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​    ​    122​​​​      ​     ​​​​       ​ —​​​​ ​            ​​​​    ​    213​​​​      ​     ​​​​       ​ —​


    Production costs                                 ​ ​​ $           48,303​​​​               $        396​​​​               $        —​​​​               $        —​​​​ $         136,304​​​​       $        641​​​​               $         —​​​​               $        —​
    Production costs (A$)                            ​ ​ ​ A$         71,814​​​​ A$                     597​​​​           A$           —​​​​           A$           —​​​​A$         189,040​​​​ A$             890​​​​           A$            —​​​​           A$           —​
      Inventory adjustments (A$)(ii)                 ​ ​​         ​    (1,204)​​​​                 ​      (9)​​​​                 ​    —​​​​                   ​    —​​​​       ​    (9,409)​​​​          ​    (43)​​​​                  ​     —​​​​                   ​    —​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory (A$)(v) ​ ​ ​        ​ (26,678)​​​​                   ​   (218)​​​​                  ​    —​​​​                   ​    —​​​​       ​ (102,178)​​​​           ​   (478)​​​​                  ​     —​​​​                   ​    —​
    Minesite operating costs (A$)                            A$       43,932               A$           370               A$           —               A$           — A$             77,453          A$        369               A$            —               A$           —
                                                     ​ ​​                      ​​​​                           ​​​​                         ​​​​                      ​​​​                     ​​​​                   ​​​​                          ​​​​                         ​

    Kittila mine                                                  Three Months Ended                                  Three Months Ended                                            Six Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                       ​ ​             June 30, 2022                            ​​         June 30, 2021                                 ​​         ​   June 30, 2022                  ​​                June 30, 2021

    ​                                                ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                         ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    64,814​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    53,263​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​ 110,322​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​ 113,979​


    Production costs                                 ​ ​ ​$           53,315​​​​ $                      823​​​​ $             47,944​​​​ $                         900​​​​$         102,766​​​​$               932​​​​ $              96,604​​​​$                          848​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​            (1,164)​​​​ ​                    (19)​​​​ ​                    643​​​​ ​                     12​​​​ ​         (3,955)​​​​ ​             (36)​​​​ ​                     348​​​​ ​                      3​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                             ​ ​​ ​             1,542​​​​ ​                      24​​​​ ​                     (55)​​​​ ​                    (1)​​​​ ​         2,220​​​​ ​               20​​​​ ​                      (61)​​​​ ​                    (1)​
      Other adjustments(vi)                          ​ ​​ ​                 39​​​​ ​                       1​​​​ ​                    173​​​​ ​                      3​​​​ ​              93​​​​ ​                1​​​​ ​                     345​​​​ ​                      3​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)          ​ ​ ​$           53,732​​​​ $                      829​​​​ $             48,705​​​​ $                         914​​​​$         101,124​​​​$               917​​​​ $              97,236​​​​$                          853​
      By-product metal revenues                      ​ ​​ ​                (78)​​​​ ​                     (1)​​​​ ​                   (79)​​​​ ​                    (1)​​​​ ​          (167)​​​​ ​               (2)​​​​ ​                   (133)​​​​ ​                    (1​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)          ​ ​ ​$           53,654​​​​ $                      828​​​​ $             48,626​​​​ $                         913​​​​$         100,957​​​​$               915​​​​ $              97,103​​​​$                          852​


    Kittila mine                                                  Three Months Ended                                  Three Months Ended                                            Six Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                        ​ ​             June 30, 2022                            ​​         June 30, 2021                                 ​​             June 30, 2022                  ​​                June 30, 2021                            ​
    ​                                                ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)       ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​       556​​​​ ​          ​​​​ ​       483​​​​ ​          ​​​​ ​      1,017​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​       977​


    Production costs                                 ​ ​ ​$           53,315​​​​ $                       96​​​​ $             47,944​​​​ $                          99​​​​$         102,766​​​​ $              101​​​​ $              96,604​​​​ $                          99​
    Production costs (€)                             ​ ​ ​€           49,550​​​​ €                       89​​​​ €             39,861​​​​ €                          83​​​​€          93,458​​​​ €               92​​​​ €              80,929​​​​ €                          83​
      Inventory adjustments (€)(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​              (655)​​​​         ​              (1)​​​​ ​                   435​​​​      ​                —​​​​ ​          (2,929)​​​​ ​               (3)​​​​ ​                     98​​​​      ​                —​
    Minesite operating costs (€)                     ​ ​ ​€           48,895​​​​ €                       88​​​​ €             40,296​​​​ €                          83​​​​€          90,529​​​​ €               89​​​​ €              81,027​​​​ €                          83​




                                                                                                                     29
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Pinos Altos mine                                        Three Months Ended                                     Three Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                 ​ ​             June 30, 2022                            ​​            June 30, 2021                           ​​           June 30, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                            ​                                     ​​           June 30, 2021

    ​                                          ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                   ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    23,020​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    32,614​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    48,190​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    61,789​


    Production costs                           ​ ​ ​$           39,873​​​​ $                    1,732​​​​ $          39,345​​​​ $                     1,206​​​​ $         72,409​​​​ $                    1,503​​​​ $         71,343​​​​ $                1,155​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                ​ ​​ ​           (2,955)​​​​ ​                    (128)​​​​ ​          (2,850)​​​​ ​                     (87)​​​​ ​        (2,156)​​​​ ​                     (45)​​​​ ​          (690)​​​​ ​                 (11)​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                       ​ ​​ ​             (313)​​​​ ​                     (14)​​​​ ​            (856)​​​​ ​                     (26)​​​​ ​          (547)​​​​ ​                     (11)​​​​ ​        (1,405)​​​​ ​                 (23)​
      Other adjustments(vi)                    ​ ​​ ​              322​​​​ ​                       14​​​​ ​              439​​​​ ​                       13​​​​ ​            625​​​​ ​                       12​​​​ ​            815​​​​ ​                   13​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)    ​ ​ ​$           36,927​​​​ $                    1,604​​​​ $          36,078​​​​ $                     1,106​​​​ $         70,331​​​​ $                    1,459​​​​ $         70,063​​​​ $                1,134​
      By-product metal revenues                ​ ​​ ​           (5,082)​​​​ ​                    (221)​​​​ ​          (8,403)​​​​ ​                    (257)​​​​ ​       (11,345)​​​​ ​                    (235)​​​​ ​       (17,941)​​​​ ​                (290)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)         $           31,845          $               1,383          $     27,675           $                 849 $             58,986          $               1,224 $             52,122          $            844
                                               ​ ​​                      ​​​​                           ​​​​                   ​​​​                        ​​​​                    ​​​​                         ​​​​                   ​​​​                       ​

    Pinos Altos mine                                        Three Months Ended                                     Three Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                  ​ ​             June 30, 2022                            ​​            June 30, 2021                           ​​           June 30, 2022                          ​​           June 30, 2021                      ​
    ​                                          ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore processed (thousands of
      tonnes)                                  ​ ​​ ​                    ​​​​           ​         366​​​​ ​                    ​​​​           ​         521​​​​ ​                  ​​​​           ​         750​​​​ ​                  ​​​​ ​             1,014​


    Production costs                           ​ ​ ​$           39,873​​​​ $                      109​​​​ $          39,345​​​​ $                        76​​​​ $         72,409​​​​ $                       97​​​​ $         71,343​​​​ $                   70​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                ​ ​​ ​           (2,955)​​​​             ​           (8)​​​​ ​         (2,850)​​​​             ​           (6)​​​​ ​       (2,156)​​​​             ​           (3)​​​​ ​         (690)​​​​ ​                  —​
    Minesite operating costs                        $           36,918              $             101          $     36,495               $              70          $    70,253              $              94          $    70,653          $              70
                                               ​ ​​                      ​​​​                           ​​​​                   ​​​​                           ​​​​                 ​​​​                           ​​​​                 ​​​​                       ​

    Creston Mascota mine                                    Three Months Ended                                     Three Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                 ​ ​             June 30, 2022                            ​​            June 30, 2021                           ​​           June 30, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                            ​                                     ​​           June 30, 2021

    ​                                          ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                   ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​      635​​​​ ​          ​​​​ ​     3,228​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​     1,641​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​     7,480​


    Production costs                           ​ ​​ $              484​​​​ $                      762​​​​ $            2,009​​​​ $                      622​​​​ $          1,099​​​​ $                      670​​​​ $          4,426​​​​ $                 592​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                ​ ​​         ​        60​​​​             ​          95​​​​ ​             (141)​​​​ ​                     (44)​​​​ ​           (27)​​​​ ​                     (16)​​​​ ​          (618)​​​​ ​                 (83)​
      Other adjustments(vi)                    ​ ​​         ​        30​​​​             ​          49​​​​ ​                96​​​​ ​                      30​​​​ ​              48​​​​ ​                      29​​​​ ​            237​​​​ ​                  32​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)    ​ ​​ $              574​​​​ $                      906​​​​ $            1,964​​​​ $                      608​​​​ $          1,120​​​​ $                      683​​​​ $          4,045​​​​ $                 541​
      By-product metal revenues                ​ ​​         ​        (5)​​​​            ​           (7)​​​​ ​           (863)​​​​ ​                    (267)​​​​ ​          (140)​​​​ ​                     (85)​​​​ ​        (2,126)​​​​ ​                (284​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)             $          569              $             899          $       1,101          $                 341          $       980          $                 598          $     1,919          $            257
                                               ​ ​​                      ​​​​                           ​​​​                   ​​​​                           ​​​​                 ​​​​                           ​​​​                 ​​​​                       ​

    Creston Mascota mine                                    Three Months Ended                                     Three Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne(xi)                              ​ ​             June 30, 2022                            ​​            June 30, 2021                           ​​           June 30, 2022                          ​​           June 30, 2021                      ​
    ​                                          ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore processed (thousands of
      tonnes)                                  ​ ​​ ​                    ​​​​               ​      —​​​​ ​                     ​​​​               ​      —​​​​ ​                   ​​​​               ​      —​​​​ ​                   ​​​​           ​      —​


    Production costs                           ​ ​​ $              484​​​​          $              —​​​​ $             2,009​​​​          $              —​​​​ $           1,099​​​​          $              —​​​​ $           4,426​​​​          $          —​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                ​ ​​ ​                60​​​​                 ​      —​​​​ ​              (141)​​​​                 ​      —​​​​ ​             (27)​​​​                 ​      —​​​​ ​            (618)​​​​             ​      —​
      Other adjustments(vi)                    ​ ​​ ​             (544)​​​​                 ​      —​​​​ ​            (1,868)​​​​                 ​      —​​​​ ​          (1,072)​​​​                 ​      —​​​​ ​          (3,808)​​​​             ​      —​
    Minesite operating costs                          $              —              $              —           $           —              $              —           $         —              $              —           $         —              $          —
                                               ​ ​​                      ​​​​                           ​​​​                   ​​​​                          ​​​​                  ​​​​                          ​​​​                  ​​​​                       ​




                                                                                                               30
​




                                                      AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                               MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                                For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    La India mine                                         Three Months Ended                      Three Months Ended                       Six Months Ended                        Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​         June 30, 2022             ​​            June 30, 2021              ​​           June 30, 2022              ​​           June 30, 2021              ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($per ounce) ​
    Gold production (ounces)                     ​ ​​ ​          ​​​​ ​    20,016​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​     4,712​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    41,718​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​    21,745​


    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$     17,455​​​​ $         872​​​​ $           6,485​​​​ $        1,376​​​​ $         35,190​​​​ $          844​​​​ $         22,624​​​​ $        1,040​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                ​ ​​ ​      1,564​​​​ ​           78​​​​ ​            (12)​​​​ ​          (3)​​​​ ​         2,132​​​​ ​           51​​​​ ​            230​​​​ ​           11​
        Other adjustments(vi)                    ​ ​​ ​        177​​​​ ​            9​​​​ ​             79​​​​ ​           17​​​​ ​            373​​​​ ​            9​​​​ ​            199​​​​ ​            9​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$     19,196​​​​ $         959​​​​ $           6,552​​​​ $        1,390​​​​ $         37,695​​​​ $          904​​​​ $         23,053​​​​ $        1,060​
        By-product metal revenues                ​ ​​ ​       (451)​​​​ ​         (23)​​​​ ​          (190)​​​​ ​         (40)​​​​ ​        (1,159)​​​​ ​         (28)​​​​ ​          (752)​​​​ ​         (34)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)           $     18,745          $    936          $      6,362          $   1,350          $    36,536          $     876          $    22,301          $   1,026
                                                 ​ ​​                ​​​​              ​​​​                  ​​​​               ​​​​                 ​​​​               ​​​​                 ​​​​               ​

    La India mine                                         Three Months Ended                      Three Months Ended                       Six Months Ended                        Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​         June 30, 2022             ​​            June 30, 2021              ​​           June 30, 2022              ​​           June 30, 2021              ​
    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Tonnes of ore processed (thousands of
      tonnes)                                    ​ ​​ ​              ​​​​ ​     1,356​​​​ ​                  ​​​​ ​     1,745​​​​ ​                  ​​​​ ​     2,919​​​​ ​                  ​​​​ ​     3,387​


    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$     17,455​​​​ $           13​​​​ $          6,485​​​​ $           4​​​​ $          35,190​​​​ $           12​​​​ $         22,624​​​​ $           7​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                ​ ​​ ​      1,564​​​​ ​            1​​​​ ​            (12)​​​​ ​          —​​​​ ​           2,132​​​​ ​            1​​​​ ​            230​​​​ ​           —​
    Minesite operating costs                     ​ ​ ​$     19,019​​​​ $           14​​​​ $          6,473​​​​ $             4​​​​ $        37,322​​​​ $           13​​​​ $         22,854​​​​ $            7​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)      The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic mine.
    (ii)     Under the Company’s revenue recognition policy, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized upon the transfer of
             control over metals sold to the customer. As the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced are calculated on a production basis,
             an inventory adjustment is made to reflect the portion of production not yet recognized as revenue.
    (iii) This adjustment reflects the costs associated with the temporary suspension of mining activities at the Company’s mine sites in
          response to the COVID-19 pandemic and includes primarily payroll and other incidental costs associated with maintaining the
          sites and properties, and payroll costs associated with employees who were not working during the period of reduced or
          suspended operations. These expenses also include payroll costs of employees who could not work following the period of
          temporary suspension or reduced operations due to the Company’s effort to prevent or curtail community transmission of
          COVID-19. These costs were previously classified as “other adjustments” and have now been disclosed separately to provide
          additional detail on the reconciliation, allowing investors to better understand the impact of such events on the cash operating
          costs per ounce and minesite cost per tonne.
    (iv) Certain previously reported line items have been restated to reflect the retrospective application of IAS 16. The Company
         considers the disclosure of the total cash cost per ounce of gold produced (by-product and co-product) without the impact of the
         retrospective application of the IAS 16 amendments so investors can compare current performance to what management
         considers steady-state operational costs for the comparative period.
    (v)      On February 2, 2022, the Company announced the completion of the merger of equals with Kirkland and this adjustment reflects
             the fair value allocated to inventory on the purchase price equation.
    (vi) Other adjustments consists of costs associated with a 5% in-kind royalty paid by the Canadian Malartic mine, a 2% in-kind
         royalty paid by the Detour Lake mine, a 1.5% in-kind royalty paid by the Macassa mine, smelting, refining, and marketing
         charges to production costs.
    (vii) The Meliadine mine’s cost calculations per ounce of gold produced for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 excludes
          9,053 and 17,176 ounces of payable gold production, respectively, which were produced prior to the achievement of commercial
          production at the Tiriganiaq open pit deposit on August 15, 2021.
    (viii) The Meliadine mine’s cost calculations per tonne for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 excludes 93,340 and 170,377
           tonnes of ore, from the Tiriganiaq open pit deposit, respectively, which were processed prior to the achievement of commercial
           production at the Tiriganiaq open pit deposit on August 15, 2021.
    (ix) The Meadowbank complex’s cost calculations per ounce of gold produced for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021
         exclude 348 ounces of payable gold production which were produced as commercial production at the Amaruq Underground
         project has not yet been achieved.
    (x)      The Meadowbank complex’s cost calculations per tonne for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 exclude 1,913 tonnes
             of ore from the Amaruq Underground project which were processed during these periods as commercial production at the
             Amaruq Underground project has not yet been achieved.



                                                                                              31
​




                                           AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                     For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    (xi) The Creston Mascota mine’s cost calculations per tonne for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 exclude approximately
         $0.5 and $1.9 million of production costs incurred during these periods following the ceasing of mining activities at the Bravo pit
         during the third quarter of 2020. The Creston Mascota mine’s cost calculations per tonne for the three and six months ended
         June 30, 2021 excludes approximately $2.0 million and $4.4 million of production costs incurred during these periods,
         respectively, following the ceasing of mining activities at the Bravo pit during the third quarter of 2020.




                                                                      32
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    All-in Sustaining Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced.
    The following tables set out a reconciliation of production costs to all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold
    produced for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 on both a by-product basis
    (deducting by-product metal revenues from production costs) and co-product basis (without deducting by-
    product metal revenues).

    Reconciliation of Production Costs to All-in Sustaining Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced

                                                                                             Three Months Ended                Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                                     ​​       June 30,     ​​                  June 30,         ​
    (United States dollars per ounce of gold produced, except where noted)                ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​ 2021 ​ ​                2022    ​ ​ 2021      ​
    Production costs per the condensed interim consolidated statements of income
      (thousands of United States dollars)                                                ​ ​​$657,636​​ ​​$433,050​​ ​​$ 1,319,371​​ ​​$ 850,426​
    Gold production (ounces)(i)(ii)                                                       ​ ​​ ​858,170​​ ​​ ​516,605​​ ​​ ​1,518,774​​ ​​ ​1,025,286​
    Production costs per ounce of adjusted gold production                                ​ ​​$     766​​ ​​$     838​​ ​​$       869​​ ​​$       829​
    Adjustments:                                                                          ​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​         ​​ ​​ ​         ​
      Inventory adjustments(iii)                                                          ​ ​​ ​     14​​ ​​ ​      2​​ ​​ ​       12​​ ​​ ​       (2​)
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(iv)                                          ​ ​​ ​    (46)​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​​ ​      (101)​​ ​​ ​      —​
      IAS 16 amendments(v)                                                                ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​     (11)​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​       (11​)
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of production costs                             ​ ​​ ​     (2​​) ​​ ​   (29​​) ​​ ​      (3​​) ​​ ​     (24​)
      Operational care and maintenance costs due to COVID-19(vi)                          ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​        (1)​​ ​​ ​      —​
      Other(vii)                                                                          ​ ​​ ​     26​​ ​​ ​     12​​ ​​ ​       24​​ ​​ ​       13​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (co-product basis)(viii)                  ​ ​​$     758​​ ​​$     812​​ ​​$       800​​ ​​$       805​
      By-product metal revenues                                                           ​ ​​ ​    (32)​​ ​​ ​   (64)​​ ​​ ​     (37)​​ ​​ ​     (64)​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (by-product basis)(viii)                  ​ ​​$     726     $
                                                                                                        ​​ ​​     748     $
                                                                                                                      ​​ ​​       763     $
                                                                                                                                      ​​ ​​       741 ​
    Adjustments:                                                                          ​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​        ​
     Sustaining capital expenditures (including capitalized exploration)                  ​ ​​ ​   231​​ ​​ ​    215​​ ​​ ​        197​​ ​​ ​     195​
     General and administrative expenses (including stock option expense)                 ​ ​​ ​    57​​ ​​ ​     61​​ ​​ ​         77​​ ​​ ​      74​
     Non-cash reclamation provision and sustaining leases(ix)                             ​ ​​ ​    12​​ ​​ ​     13​​ ​​ ​         14​​ ​​ ​      12​
    All-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced (by-product basis)                 ​ ​​$ 1,026​​ ​​$ 1,037​​ ​​$          1,051​​ ​​$    1,022​
          By-product metal revenues                                                       ​ ​​ ​    32​​ ​​ ​     64​​ ​​ ​         37​​ ​​ ​      64​
    All-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced (co-product basis)                 ​ ​​$  1,058     $
                                                                                                       ​​ ​​   1,101 ​​ ​​$      1,088​​ ​​$    1,086​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)     Gold production for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 excludes 9,053 and 17,176 ounces of payable production of
            gold at the Meliadine mine, respectively, which were produced prior to the achievement of commercial production at the
            Tiriganiaq open pit deposit on August 15, 2021.
    (ii)    Gold production for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 exclude 348 ounces of payable production of gold at the
            Meadowbank complex which were produced as commercial production at the Amaruq Underground project has not yet been
            achieved.
    (iii) Under the Company’s revenue recognition policy, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized upon the transfer of
          control over metals sold to the customer. As the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced are calculated on a production basis,
          an inventory adjustment is made to reflect the portion of production not yet recognized as revenue.
    (iv) On February 2, 2022 the Company announced the completion of the merger of equals with Kirkland and this adjustment reflects
         the fair value allocated to inventory on the purchase price allocation.
    (v)     Certain previously reported line items have been restated to reflect the retrospective application of IAS 16. This adjustment
            eliminates the effects of the retrospective application of the IAS 16 amendments on the total cash costs per ounce of gold
            produced (by-product and co-product) as well as all-in sustaining costs (by-product and co-product).
    (vi) This adjustment reflects the costs associated with the temporary suspension of mining activities at the Company’s mine sites in
         response to the COVID-19 pandemic which primarily includes payroll and other incidental costs associated with maintaining the
         sites and properties, and payroll costs associated with employees who were not working during the period of reduced or
         suspended



                                                                       33
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                      For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

         operations. These costs were previously classified as “other adjustments” and have now been disclosed separately to provide
         additional detail on the reconciliation, allowing investors to better understand the impacts of such events on the cash operating
         costs per ounce and minesite cost per tonne.​
    (vii) Other adjustments consists of costs associated with a 5% in-kind royalty paid by the Canadian Malartic mine, a 2% in-kind
          royalty paid by the Detour Lake mine, a 1.5% in-kind royalty paid by the Macassa mine, smelting, refining and marketing
          charges to production costs.
    (viii) The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to
           data reported by other gold producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold
           Produced and Minesite Costs per Tonne for more information on the Company’s use of total cash cost per ounce of gold
           produced.
    (ix) Sustaining leases are lease payments related to sustaining assets.

    Operating Margin

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced.
    The following table sets out a reconciliation of net income to operating margin for the three and six months
    ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021.
    ​                                                                                ​​        Three Months Ended June 30, 2022              ​
                                                                                         Revenues from
                                                                                            Mining       Production        Operating
    ​                                                                                 ​ ​ Operations ​ ​    Costs    ​​     Margin           ​
    LaRonde mine                                                                      ​ ​ ​$ 124,826 ​​ ​ ​$ (33,949) ​​ ​ ​$ 90,877 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 24,999 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (17,133) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 7,866 ​
    Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 160,866 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (56,405) ​​ ​ ​ ​104,461 ​
    Goldex mine                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 68,186 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (26,530) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 41,656 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 352,270 ​​ ​ ​ ​(137,429) ​​ ​ ​ ​214,841 ​
    Macassa mine                                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 107,779 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (33,001) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 74,778 ​
    Meliadine mine                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 183,126 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (86,386) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 96,740 ​
    Meadowbank complex                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 175,417 ​​ ​ ​ ​(107,373) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 68,044 ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                                     ​​ ​ ​       — ​​ ​ ​ ​       — ​​ ​ ​ ​       — ​
    Fosterville mine                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 173,745 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (48,303) ​​ ​ ​ ​125,442 ​
    Kittila mine                                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 120,926 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (53,315) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 67,611 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 51,360 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (39,873) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 11,487 ​
    Creston Mascota mine                                                              ​​ ​ ​    1,126 ​​ ​ ​ ​    (484) ​​ ​ ​ ​    642 ​
    La India mine                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 36,432 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (17,455) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 18,977 ​
    Segment totals                                                                    ​ ​ ​$1,581,058 ​​ ​ ​$(657,636) ​​ ​ ​$923,422 ​
    Corporate and other:                                               ​​ ​ ​                         ​​​        ​                ​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 70,352 ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​291,052 ​
    General and administrative                                                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 49,275 ​
    Finance costs                                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 20,961 ​
    Loss on derivative financial instruments                                                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 40,753 ​
    Environmental remediation                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ (319) ​
    Foreign currency translation gain                                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​(13,492) ​
    Care and maintenance                                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,257 ​
    Other expenses                                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 19,893 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​159,845 ​
    Net income per consolidated interim condensed statements of income                                                   ​ ​ ​$275,845 ​


                                                                      34
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                  For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    ​                                                                   ​ ​         Six Months Ended June 30, 2022           ​
                                                                            Revenues from
                                                                               Mining         Production         Operating
    ​                                                                    ​ ​ Operations ​ ​     Costs      ​ ​    Margin     ​
    LaRonde mine                                                    ​ ​ ​$ 274,231 ​​ ​ ​$ (79,790)​​ ​ ​$ 194,441 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 58,388 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (33,866)​​ ​ ​ ​ 24,522 ​
    Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 297,105 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (113,342)​​ ​ ​ ​ 183,763 ​
    Goldex mine                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 131,521 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (52,747)​​ ​ ​ ​ 78,774 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 600,293 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (257,394)​​ ​ ​ ​ 342,899 ​
    Macassa mine                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 164,248 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (65,315)​​ ​ ​ ​ 98,933 ​
    Meliadine mine                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 346,084 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (165,065)​​ ​ ​ ​ 181,019 ​
    Meadowbank complex                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 266,930 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (204,084)​​ ​ ​ ​ 62,846 ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                   ​ ​​​       144 ​​ ​ ​ ​       — ​​ ​ ​ ​       144 ​
    Fosterville mine                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 368,602 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (136,304)​​ ​ ​ ​ 232,298 ​
    Kittila mine                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 216,488 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (102,766)​​ ​ ​ ​ 113,722 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 103,327 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (72,409)​​ ​ ​ ​ 30,918 ​
    Creston Mascota mine                                            ​ ​​​     2,918 ​​ ​ ​ ​   (1,099)​​ ​ ​ ​    1,819 ​
    La India mine                                                   ​​​   ​  76,467  ​​ ​ ​ ​ (35,190 )​​ ​ ​ ​  41,277  ​
    Segment totals                                                  ​​​  $2,906,746       $(1,319,371
                                                                                     ​​ ​ ​           )​​ ​ ​$1,587,375  ​
    Corporate and other:                                            ​ ​​​           ​​​ ​ ​ ​         ​​​ ​ ​ ​         ​​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 136,194 ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 551,800 ​
    General and administrative                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 116,817 ​
    Finance costs                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 43,614 ​
    Loss on derivative financial instruments                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 12,089 ​
    Environmental remediation                                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,618)​
    Foreign currency translation gain                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ (12,282)​
    Care and maintenance                                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 19,713 ​
    Other expenses                                                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 111,791 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 224,660 ​
    Net income per consolidated interim condensed statements of income                                  ​ ​ ​$ 385,597 ​




                                                             35
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                  For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    ​                                                                      ​​       Three Months Ended June 30, 2021         ​
                                                                               Revenues from
                                                                                  Mining       Production        Operating
    ​                                                                       ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs      ​​    Margin     ​
    LaRonde mine                                                       ​ ​ ​$175,423 ​​ ​ ​$ (59,806) ​​ ​ ​$ 115,617 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 29,505 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (14,253) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 15,252 ​
    Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                                         ​ ​ ​ ​173,037 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (63,458) ​​ ​ ​ ​109,579 ​
    Goldex mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 63,142 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (25,261) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 37,881 ​
    Meliadine mine(i)                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​170,470 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (60,538) ​​ ​ ​ ​109,932 ​
    Meadowbank complex(i)                                              ​ ​ ​ ​152,420 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (96,357) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 56,063 ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 31,990 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (17,594) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 14,396 ​
    Kittila mine                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 99,382 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (47,944) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 51,438 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 71,250 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (39,345) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 31,905 ​
    Creston Mascota mine                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,180 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (2,009) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 5,171 ​
    La India mine                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 10,854 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (6,485) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 4,369 ​
    Segment totals                                                     ​ ​ ​$984,653 ​​ ​ ​$(433,050) ​​ ​ ​$551,603 ​
    Corporate and other:                                               ​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​       ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​       ​ ​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 39,942 ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development(i)                                             ​ ​ ​ ​176,946 ​
    General and administrative                                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 31,325 ​
    Finance costs                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 23,261 ​
    Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                             ​ ​ ​ ​(21,120) ​
    Environmental remediation                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ (210) ​
    Foreign currency translation loss                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,440 ​
    Other expenses                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 5,954 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 96,674 ​
    Net income per consolidated interim condensed statements of income                                   ​ ​ ​$196,391 ​




                                                             36
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                      For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    ​                                                                                   ​​         Six Months Ended June 30, 2021         ​
                                                                                           Revenues from
                                                                                              Mining       Production         Operating
    ​                                                                                   ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs       ​​    Margin     ​
    LaRonde mine                                                       ​ ​ ​$ 320,493 ​​ ​ ​$ (111,148) ​​ ​ ​$ 209,345 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 54,788 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (26,938) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 27,850 ​
    Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 332,253 ​​ ​ ​ ​(118,926) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 213,327 ​
    Goldex mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 124,394 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (47,774) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 76,620 ​
    Meliadine mine(i)                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 346,426 ​​ ​ ​ ​(125,278) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 221,148 ​
    Meadowbank complex(i)                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 289,709 ​​ ​ ​ ​(183,696) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 106,013 ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 67,295 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (41,669) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 25,626 ​
    Kittila mine                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 206,745 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (96,604) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 110,141 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 129,674 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (71,343) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 58,331 ​
    Creston Mascota mine                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 17,231 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (4,426) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 12,805 ​
    La India mine                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 45,268 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (22,624) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 22,644 ​
    Segment totals                                                     ​ ​ ​$1,934,276 ​​ ​ ​$(850,426) ​​ ​ ​$1,083,850 ​
    Corporate and other:                                               ​​ ​ ​         ​​​ ​ ​ ​        ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​         ​​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 68,651 ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development(i)                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 354,739 ​
    General and administrative                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 76,258 ​
    Finance costs                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 45,429 ​
    Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                              ​​ ​ ​      (54)​
    Environmental remediation                                                                             ​​ ​  ​    (838 )​
    Foreign currency translation gain                                                                     ​​ ​ ​     (638)​
    Other expenses                                                                                        ​​ ​ ​    4,073 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 194,600 ​
    Net income per consolidated interim condensed statements of income                                    ​ ​ ​$ 341,630 ​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)  Certain previously reported line items have been restated to reflect the retrospective application of IAS 16.
    (ii)   The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic mine.

    Realized prices

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding realized prices.




                                                                       37
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Sustaining Capital Expenditures and Development Capital Expenditures

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding sustaining capital expenditures and development
    capital expenditures.
    ​                                                                          ​ ​ Three Months Ended June 30, ​ ​ Six Months Ended June 30, ​
    ​                                                                          ​ ​    2022     ​ ​   2021      ​ ​    2022     ​ ​  2021     ​
    LaRonde mine                                                               ​ ​ ​ 23,118 ​​ ​ ​ 24,506 ​​ ​ ​ 41,784 ​​ ​ ​ 42,848 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 2,580 ​​ ​ ​ 3,453 ​​ ​ ​ 5,317 ​​ ​ ​ 6,683 ​
    Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                                                 ​ ​ ​ 16,346 ​​ ​ ​ 20,758 ​​ ​ ​ 27,080 ​​ ​ ​ 40,313 ​
    Goldex mine                                                                ​ ​ ​ 6,559 ​​ ​ ​ 9,214 ​​ ​ ​ 13,186 ​​ ​ ​ 16,384 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                           ​ ​ ​ 73,974 ​​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​ ​ 86,616 ​​ ​ ​      —​
    Macassa mine                                                               ​​  ​  8,867 ​​ ​ ​     —  ​​ ​ ​ 13,524 ​​ ​ ​     —​
    Meliadine mine(i)                                                          ​ ​ ​ 16,104 ​​ ​ ​ 12,887 ​​ ​ ​ 25,185 ​​ ​ ​ 23,095 ​
    Meadowbank complex                                                         ​ ​ ​ 13,367 ​​ ​ ​ 17,945 ​​ ​ ​ 24,171 ​​ ​ ​ 25,287 ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                              ​ ​ ​ 3,604 ​​ ​ ​ 9,664 ​​ ​ ​ 3,604 ​​ ​ ​ 16,397 ​
    Fosterville mine                                                           ​ ​ ​ 13,598 ​​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​ ​ 22,305 ​​ ​ ​      —​
    Kittila mine                                                               ​ ​ ​ 11,468 ​​ ​ ​ 7,280 ​​ ​ ​ 22,818 ​​ ​ ​ 17,924 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                           ​ ​ ​ 7,124 ​​ ​ ​ 3,876 ​​ ​ ​ 12,031 ​​ ​ ​ 7,994 ​
    La India mine                                                              ​ ​ ​ 1,315 ​​ ​ ​ 1,350 ​​ ​ ​ 2,129 ​​ ​ ​ 3,205 ​
    Sustaining capital expenditures                                            ​ ​ ​198,024 ​​ ​ ​110,933 ​​ ​ ​299,750 ​​ ​ ​200,130 ​
    LaRonde mine                                                               ​ ​ ​ 14,723 ​​ ​ ​ 13,174 ​​ ​ ​ 27,186 ​​ ​ ​ 21,356 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 3,267 ​​ ​ ​     530 ​​ ​ ​ 6,701 ​​ ​ ​ 1,133 ​
    Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                                                 ​ ​ ​ 29,335 ​​ ​ ​ 11,403 ​​ ​ ​ 52,087 ​​ ​ ​ 19,051 ​
    Goldex mine                                                                ​ ​ ​ 7,448 ​​ ​ ​ 4,439 ​​ ​ ​ 13,056 ​​ ​ ​ 8,493 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                           ​ ​ ​ 42,400 ​​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​ ​ 71,260 ​​ ​ ​      —​
    Macassa mine                                                               ​ ​ ​ 26,385 ​​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​ ​ 43,441 ​​ ​ ​      —​
    Meliadine mine(i)                                                          ​ ​ ​ 21,900 ​​ ​ ​ 27,513 ​​ ​ ​ 35,505 ​​ ​ ​ 51,618 ​
    Meadowbank complex                                                         ​​ ​     291 ​​ ​ ​ 4,475 ​​ ​ ​ 1,110 ​​ ​ ​ 8,506 ​
    Amaruq Underground Project                                                 ​ ​ ​ 18,321 ​​ ​ ​ 26,026 ​​ ​ ​ 33,682 ​​ ​ ​ 36,375 ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                              ​ ​ ​ 1,968 ​​ ​ ​ 1,328 ​​ ​ ​ 1,968 ​​ ​ ​ 2,762 ​
    Fosterville mine                                                           ​ ​ ​ 11,270 ​​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​ ​ 19,753 ​​ ​ ​      —​
    Kittila mine                                                               ​ ​ ​ 14,968 ​​ ​ ​ 21,203 ​​ ​ ​ 25,504 ​​ ​ ​ 35,583 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                           ​ ​ ​ 7,891 ​​ ​ ​ 6,364 ​​ ​ ​ 13,809 ​​ ​ ​ 7,917 ​
    La India mine                                                              ​ ​ ​ 2,479 ​​ ​ ​ 1,971 ​​ ​ ​ 4,320 ​​ ​ ​ 3,645 ​
    Other                                                                      ​​ ​     900 ​​ ​ ​ 3,378 ​​ ​ ​ 2,523 ​​ ​ ​ 9,467 ​
    Development capital expenditures                                           ​​  ​203,546 ​​ ​ ​121,804 ​​ ​ ​351,905 ​​ ​ ​205,906 ​
    Total capital expenditures                                                 ​ ​ ​401,570 ​​ ​ ​232,737 ​​ ​ ​651,655 ​​ ​ ​406,036 ​
    Working capital adjustments                                                ​ ​ ​ 7,026 ​​ ​ ​(15,976) ​​ ​ ​ 50,092 ​​ ​ ​ 2,866 ​
    Additions to property, plant and mine development per the
      condensed interim consolidated statements of cash
      flow﻿(i)                                                ​ ​ ​​408,596 ​​ ​ ​​216,761 ​​ ​ ​​701,747 ​​ ​ ​​408,902 ​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)    Certain previously reported line items have been restated to reflect the retrospective application of IAS 16.
    (ii)   The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic mine.



                                                                        38
​




                                      AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                         SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                              (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                            Three Months Ended              Six Months Ended
    ​                                                              ​ ​            June 30,         ​ ​           June 30,           ​
    ​                                                              ​ ​      2022    ​ ​     2021   ​ ​     2022     ​ ​      2021   ​
    Operating margin(i):                                           ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
     Revenues from mining operations                               ​ ​​$ 1,581,058​​ ​​$ 984,653​​ ​​$ 2,906,746​​ ​​$ 1,934,276​
     Production costs                                              ​ ​​ ​ 657,636​​ ​​ ​ 433,050​​ ​​ ​1,319,371​​ ​​ ​ 850,426​
     Total operating margin(i)                                     ​ ​​ ​ 923,422​​ ​​ ​ 551,603​​ ​​ ​1,587,375​​ ​​ ​1,083,850​
                       (i)
    Operating margin by mine:                            ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
    Quebec                                               ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
      LaRonde mine                                       ​ ​​$ 90,877​​ ​​$ 115,617​​ ​​$ 194,441​​ ​​$ 209,345​
      LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                ​ ​​ ​   7,866​​ ​​ ​ 15,252​​ ​​ ​ 24,522​​ ​​ ​ 27,850​
      Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                         ​ ​​ ​ 104,461​​ ​​ ​ 109,579​​ ​​ ​ 183,763​​ ​​ ​ 213,327​
      Goldex mine                                        ​ ​​ ​ 41,656​​ ​​ ​ 37,881​​ ​​ ​ 78,774​​ ​​ ​ 76,620​
    Ontario                                              ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
      Detour Lake mine                                   ​ ​​ ​ 214,841​​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​​ ​ 342,899​​ ​​ ​           —​
      Macassa mine                                       ​ ​​ ​ 74,778​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ 98,933​​ ​​ ​            —​
    Nunavut                                              ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
      Meliadine mine                                     ​ ​​ ​  96,740 ​​ ​​  ​ 109,932 ​​ ​​  ​ 181,019 ​​ ​​  ​ 221,148 ​
      Meadowbank complex                                 ​ ​​ ​ 68,044​​ ​​ ​ 56,063​​ ​​ ​ 62,846​​ ​​ ​ 106,013​
      Hope Bay mine                                      ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​ 14,396​​ ​​ ​           144​​ ​​ ​ 25,626​
    Australia                                            ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
      Fosterville mine                                   ​ ​​ ​ 125,442​​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​​ ​ 232,298​​ ​​ ​           —​
    Europe                                               ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
      Kittila mine                                       ​ ​​ ​ 67,611​​ ​​ ​ 51,438​​ ​​ ​ 113,722​​ ​​ ​ 110,141​
    Mexico                                               ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​
      Pinos Altos mine                                   ​ ​​ ​ 11,487​​ ​​ ​ 31,905​​ ​​ ​ 30,918​​ ​​ ​ 58,331​
      Creston Mascota mine                               ​ ​​ ​     642​​ ​​ ​ 5,171​​ ​​ ​         1,819​​ ​​ ​ 12,805​
      La India mine                                      ​ ​​ ​ 18,977​​ ​​ ​ 4,369​​ ​​ ​ 41,277​​ ​​ ​ 22,644​
    Total operating margin(i)                            ​ ​​ ​ 923,422​​ ​​ ​ 551,603​​ ​​ ​1,587,375​​ ​​ ​1,083,850​
    Amortization of property, plant and mine development ​ ​​ ​ 291,052​​ ​​ ​ 176,946​​ ​​ ​ 551,800​​ ​​ ​ 354,739​
    Exploration, corporate and other                     ​ ​​ ​ 196,680​​ ​​ ​ 81,592​​ ​​ ​ 425,318​​ ​​ ​ 192,881​
    Income before income and mining taxes                          ​ ​​ ​ 435,690​​ ​​ ​ 293,065​​ ​​ ​ 610,257​​ ​​ ​ 536,230​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                ​ ​​ ​ 159,845​​ ​​ ​ 96,674​​ ​​ ​ 224,660​​ ​​ ​ 194,600​
    Net income for the period                                      ​ ​​$ 275,845​​ ​​$ 196,391​​ ​​$ 385,597​​ ​​$ 341,630​
    Net income per share — basic                                   ​ ​​$       0.61​​ ​​$     0.81​​ ​​$      0.92​​ ​​$        1.40​
    Net income per share — diluted                                 ​ ​​$       0.60​​ ​​$     0.80​​ ​​$      0.92​​ ​​$        1.40​
    Cash flows:                                                    ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
    Cash provided by operating activities                          ​ ​​$ 633,266​​ ​​$ 419,376​​ ​​$ 1,140,698​​ ​​$ 786,018​
    Cash (used in) provided by investing activities                ​ ​​$ (394,129)​​ ​​$(210,068)​​ ​​$ 141,523​​ ​​$ (748,191​)
    Cash used in financing activities                              ​ ​​$ (294,307)​​ ​​$ (64,161)​​ ​​$ (462,165)​​ ​​$ (164,295​)
    Realized prices:                                               ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​
    Gold (per ounce)                                               ​ ​​$      1,866​​ ​​$ 1,814​​ ​​$        1,872​​ ​​$       1,797​
    Silver (per ounce)                                             ​ ​​$      22.21​​ ​​$ 27.01​​ ​​$        23.20​​ ​​$       26.55​
    Zinc (per tonne)                                               ​ ​​$      3,947​​ ​​$ 2,843​​ ​​$        3,769​​ ​​$       2,795​
    Copper (per tonne)                                             ​ ​​$      8,953​​ ​​$ 10,902​​ ​​$       9,591​​ ​​$       9,945​


                                                              39
​




                                   AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                      SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                           (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                  Three Months Ended           Six Months Ended
    ​                                                       ​ ​         June 30,     ​ ​            June 30,            ​
    ​                                                       ​ ​    2022 ​ ​ 2021 ​ ​          2022     ​ ​   2021       ​
    Payable production(iii):                                ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
    Gold (ounces):                                          ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
      Quebec                                                ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
         LaRonde mine                                       ​ ​​ 70,736​​ ​​ 80,681​​ ​​ 158,285​​ ​​ 156,070​
         LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                ​ ​​ 17,774​​ ​​ 16,842​​ ​​ 35,262​​ ​​ 34,531​
         Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                         ​ ​​ 87,186​​ ​​ 92,106​​ ​​ 167,695​​ ​​ 181,656​
         Goldex mine                                        ​ ​​ 36,877​​ ​​ 34,659​​ ​​ 71,322​​ ​​ 69,309​
      Ontario                                               ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
         Detour Lake mine                                   ​ ​​195,515​​ ​​         —​​ ​​ 295,958​​ ​​             —​
         Macassa mine                                       ​ ​​ 61,262​​ ​​         —​​ ​​ 85,750​​ ​​              —​
      Nunavut                                               ​ ​​​        ​ ​ ​​​        ​ ​ ​​​         ​ ​ ​​​         ​
         Meliadine mine                                     ​ ​​​ 97,572 ​​ ​​ ​ 96,694 ​​ ​​ ​ 178,276 ​​ ​​ ​ 192,820 ​
         Meadowbank complex                                 ​ ​​ 96,698​​ ​​ 85,899​​ ​​ 156,463​​ ​​ 165,864​
         Hope Bay mine                                      ​ ​​      —​​ ​​ 25,308​​ ​​             —​​ ​​ 37,567​
      Australia                                             ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
         Fosterville mine                                   ​ ​​ 86,065​​ ​​         —​​ ​​ 167,892​​ ​​             —​
      Europe                                                ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
         Kittila mine                                       ​ ​​ 64,814​​ ​​ 53,263​​ ​​ 110,322​​ ​​ 113,979​
      Mexico                                                ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
         Pinos Altos mine                                   ​ ​​ 23,020​​ ​​ 32,614​​ ​​ 48,190​​ ​​ 61,789​
         Creston Mascota mine                               ​ ​​     635​​ ​​ 3,228​​ ​​          1,641​​ ​​      7,480​
         La India mine                                      ​ ​​ 20,016​​ ​​ 4,712​​ ​​ 41,718​​ ​​ 21,745​
    Total gold (ounces)                                     ​ ​​858,170​​ ​​526,006​​ ​​1,518,774​​ ​​1,042,810​
    Silver (thousands of ounces):                           ​ ​​      ​ ​ ​​     ​ ​ ​​              ​ ​ ​​           ​
      Quebec                                                ​ ​​      ​ ​ ​​     ​ ​ ​​              ​ ​ ​​           ​
         LaRonde mine                                       ​ ​​   167​​ ​​   199​​ ​​            320​​ ​​         402​
         LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                ​ ​​     2​​ ​​     3​​ ​​              4​​ ​​           6​
         Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                         ​ ​​    57​​ ​​    69​​ ​​            131​​ ​​         151​
         Goldex mine                                        ​ ​​     1​​ ​​     1​​ ​​              1​​ ​​           1​
      Ontario                                               ​ ​​      ​ ​ ​​     ​ ​ ​​              ​ ​ ​​           ​
         Detour Lake mine                                   ​ ​​    41​​ ​​    —​​ ​​              91​​ ​​          —​
         Macassa mine                                       ​ ​​     5​​ ​​    —​​ ​​               8​​ ​​          —​
      Nunavut                                               ​ ​​      ​ ​ ​​     ​ ​ ​​              ​ ​ ​​           ​
         Meliadine mine                                     ​ ​​    10​​ ​​     8​​ ​​             19​​ ​​          15​
         Meadowbank complex                                 ​ ​​    27​​ ​​    23​​ ​​             45​​ ​​          47​
         Hope Bay mine                                      ​ ​​    —​​ ​​      2​​ ​​             —​​ ​​            2​
      Australia                                             ​ ​​      ​ ​ ​​     ​ ​ ​​              ​ ​ ​​           ​
         Fosterville mine                                   ​ ​​    15​​ ​​    —​​ ​​              23​​ ​​          —​
      Europe                                                ​ ​​      ​ ​ ​​     ​ ​ ​​              ​ ​ ​​           ​
         Kittila mine                                       ​ ​​     3​​ ​​     2​​ ​​              6​​ ​​           5​
      Mexico                                                ​ ​​      ​ ​ ​​     ​ ​ ​​              ​ ​ ​​           ​
         Pinos Altos mine                                   ​ ​​   235​​ ​​   307​​ ​​            492​​ ​​         680​
         Creston Mascota mine                               ​ ​​     2​​ ​​    32​​ ​​              6​​ ​​          68​
         La India mine                                      ​ ​​    23​​ ​​     7​​ ​​             51​​ ​​          23​
    Total silver (thousands of ounces)                      ​ ​​​  588​​ ​​​  653​​ ​​​         1,197​​ ​​​      1,400​
    Zinc (tonnes)                                           ​ ​​ 2,568​​ ​​ 2,736​​ ​​          3,637​​ ​​       4,603​
    Copper (tonnes)                                         ​ ​​   778​​ ​​   779​​ ​​          1,547​​ ​​       1,531​


                                                   40
​




                                   AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                      SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                           (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                Three Months Ended              Six Months Ended
    ​                                                       ​ ​       June 30,     ​ ​               June 30,           ​
    ​                                                       ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​ 2021 ​ ​             2022      ​ ​    2021     ​
    Payable metal sold:                                     ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
    Gold (ounces):                                          ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
      Quebec                                                ​ ​​​        ​ ​ ​​​        ​ ​ ​​​         ​ ​ ​​​         ​
         LaRonde mine                                       ​ ​​​ 61,296 ​​ ​​ ​ 86,844 ​​ ​​ ​ 132,263 ​​ ​​ ​ 162,129 ​
         LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                ​ ​​​ 13,538​​ ​​​ 16,168​​ ​​​ 31,133​​ ​​​ 30,482​
         Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                         ​ ​​ 85,160​​ ​​ 89,372​​ ​​ 157,428​​ ​​ 172,928​
         Goldex mine                                        ​ ​​ 36,681​​ ​​ 34,993​​ ​​ 70,565​​ ​​ 69,351​
      Ontario                                               ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
         Detour Lake mine                                   ​ ​​188,517​​ ​​         —​​ ​​ 320,354​​ ​​             —​
         Macassa mine                                       ​ ​​ 58,050​​ ​​         —​​ ​​ 87,580​​ ​​              —​
      Nunavut                                               ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
         Meliadine mine                                     ​ ​​ 97,354​​ ​​ 94,163​​ ​​ 185,126​​ ​​ 192,512​
         Meadowbank complex                                 ​ ​​ 93,737​​ ​​ 83,915​​ ​​ 142,492​​ ​​ 160,196​
         Hope Bay mine                                      ​ ​​      —​​ ​​ 17,731​​ ​​             98​​ ​​ 37,952​
      Australia                                             ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
         Fosterville mine                                   ​ ​​ 93,177​​ ​​         —​​ ​​ 195,127​​ ​​             —​
      Europe                                                ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​          ​ ​ ​​          ​
         Kittila mine                                       ​ ​​ 64,378​​ ​​ 54,790​​ ​​ 115,993​​ ​​ 114,387​
      Mexico                                                ​ ​​​        ​ ​ ​​​        ​ ​ ​​​         ​ ​ ​​​         ​
         Pinos Altos mine                                   ​ ​​​ 24,730 ​​ ​​ ​ 34,672 ​​ ​​ ​  49,517 ​​ ​​ ​  62,285 ​
         Creston Mascota mine                               ​ ​​​    599​​ ​​​ 3,356​​ ​​​        1,454​​ ​​​     8,234​
         La India mine                                      ​ ​​​ 19,306​​ ​​​ 5,739​​ ​​​ 40,315​​ ​​​ 24,573​
    Total gold (ounces)                                     ​ ​​836,523​​ ​​521,743​​ ​​1,529,445​​ ​​1,035,029​
    Silver (thousands of ounces):                           ​ ​​​      ​ ​ ​​​     ​ ​ ​​​           ​ ​ ​​​          ​
      Quebec                                                ​ ​​       ​ ​ ​​      ​ ​ ​​            ​ ​ ​​           ​
         LaRonde mine                                       ​ ​​   165​​ ​​    193​​ ​​           325​​ ​​         392​
         LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                ​ ​​     1​​ ​​      3​​ ​​             5​​ ​​           6​
         Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                         ​ ​​    44​​ ​​     68​​ ​​           123​​ ​​         135​
         Goldex mine                                        ​ ​​    —​​ ​​       1​​ ​​             1​​ ​​           1​
      Ontario                                               ​ ​​       ​ ​ ​​      ​ ​ ​​            ​ ​ ​​           ​
         Detour Lake mine                                   ​ ​​    46​​ ​​     —​​ ​​             96​​ ​​          —​
         Macassa mine                                       ​ ​​     5​​ ​​     —​​ ​​              8​​ ​​          —​
      Nunavut                                               ​ ​​​      ​ ​ ​​​     ​ ​ ​​​           ​ ​ ​​​          ​
         Meliadine mine                                     ​ ​​​    8 ​​ ​​ ​   9 ​​ ​​​          17​​ ​​​         17​
         Meadowbank complex                                 ​ ​​​   26 ​​ ​​ ​  26 ​​ ​​​          38​​ ​​​         45​
      Australia                                             ​ ​​​      ​ ​ ​​​     ​ ​ ​​​           ​ ​ ​​​          ​
         Fosterville mine                                   ​ ​​​    5 ​​ ​​ ​  —  ​​ ​​​          13​​ ​​​         —​
      Europe                                                ​ ​​​      ​ ​ ​​​     ​ ​ ​​​           ​ ​ ​​​          ​
         Kittila mine                                       ​ ​​​    3 ​​ ​​ ​   3 ​​ ​​​           7​​ ​​​          5​
      Mexico                                                ​ ​​​      ​ ​ ​​​     ​ ​ ​​​           ​ ​ ​​​          ​
         Pinos Altos mine                                   ​ ​​​  233 ​​ ​​ ​ 331 ​​ ​​​         482​​ ​​​        692​
         Creston Mascota mine                               ​ ​​     1​​ ​​     41​​ ​​             8​​ ​​          91​
         La India mine                                      ​ ​​​   22​​ ​​​     7​​ ​​​           48​​ ​​​         26​
    Total silver (thousands of ounces)                      ​ ​​   559​​ ​​    682​​ ​​         1,171​​ ​​       1,410​
    Zinc (tonnes)                                           ​ ​​ 1,679​​ ​​ 2,875​​ ​​          2,713​​ ​​       5,535​
    Copper (tonnes)                                         ​ ​​   783​​ ​​    778​​ ​​         1,549​​ ​​       1,532​


                                                   41
​




                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                       SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                            (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                                Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                     ​ ​         June 30,     ​ ​      June 30,    ​
    ​                                                                     ​ ​ 2022      ​ ​ 2021    ​ ​ 2022     ​ ​ 2021 ​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced — co-product basis(iv):   ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​
    Quebec                                                                ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​
     LaRonde mine                                                         ​​  $  829      $
                                                                                     ​​ ​ ​    696 ​​ ​​$   744 ​​ ​​$   711 ​
     LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                  ​ ​ ​ 983 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 818 ​​ ​​ ​ 981​​ ​​ ​ 791​
     Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                                           ​ ​ ​ 767 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 677 ​​ ​​ ​ 789​​ ​​ ​ 659​
     Goldex mine                                                          ​ ​ ​ 718​​ ​ ​ ​ 686​​ ​​ ​ 747​​ ​​ ​ 654​
    Ontario                                                               ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​
     Detour Lake mine                                                     ​ ​ ​ 645 ​​ ​ ​ ​ — ​​ ​​ ​ 634​​ ​​ ​ —​
     Macassa mine                                                         ​ ​ ​ 584​​ ​ ​ ​ —​​ ​​ ​ 643​​ ​​ ​ —​
    Nunavut                                                               ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​
     Meliadine mine(v)                                                    ​ ​ ​ 839 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 619 ​​ ​​ ​ 914​​ ​​ ​ 625​
      Meadowbank complex(vi)                                              ​ ​ ​ 999​​ ​ ​ ​1,085​​ ​​ ​1,311​​ ​​ ​1,106​
      Hope Bay mine                                                       ​ ​ ​ — ​​ ​ ​ ​ 915 ​​ ​​ ​ —​​ ​​ ​ 919​
    Australia                                                             ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​
      Fosterville mine                                                    ​ ​ ​ 352​​ ​ ​ ​ —​​ ​​ ​ 332​​ ​​ ​ —​
    Europe                                                                ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​
      Kittila mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 829 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 914 ​​ ​​ ​ 917​​ ​​ ​ 853​
    Mexico                                                                ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​
      Pinos Altos mine                                                    ​ ​ ​1,604 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,106 ​​ ​​ ​1,459​​ ​​ ​1,134​
      Creston Mascota mine                                                ​ ​ ​ 906 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 608 ​​ ​​ ​ 683​​ ​​ ​ 541​
      La India mine                                                       ​ ​ ​ 959 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,390 ​​ ​​ ​ 904​​ ​​ ​1,060​
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced          ​ ​ $ 758 ​​ ​ ​$ 812 ​​ ​​$ 800​​ ​​$ 805​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced — by-product basis(iv):   ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​    ​
    Quebec                                                                ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​    ​
      LaRonde mine                                                        ​ ​ $ 566 ​​ ​ ​$ 437 ​​ ​​$ 517​​ ​​$ 463​
      LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                 ​ ​ ​ 982 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 814 ​​ ​​ ​ 978​​ ​​ ​ 787​
      Canadian Malartic mine(ii)                                          ​ ​ ​ 753​​ ​ ​ ​ 657​​ ​​ ​ 772​​ ​​ ​ 637​
      Goldex mine                                                         ​ ​ ​ 718 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 685 ​​ ​​ ​ 746​​ ​​ ​ 654​
    Ontario                                                               ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​    ​
      Detour Lake mine                                                    ​ ​ ​ 640​​ ​ ​ ​ —​​ ​​ ​ 626​​ ​​ ​ —​
      Macassa mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 582 ​​ ​ ​ ​ — ​​ ​​ ​ 641​​ ​​ ​ —​
    Nunavut                                                               ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​    ​
      Meliadine mine(v)                                                   ​ ​ ​ 837​​ ​ ​ ​ 616​​ ​​ ​ 912​​ ​​ ​ 622​
      Meadowbank complex(vi)                                              ​ ​ ​ 993 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,077 ​​ ​​ ​1,305​​ ​​ ​1,099​
      Hope Bay mine                                                       ​ ​ ​ — ​​ ​ ​ ​ 915 ​​ ​​ ​ —​​ ​​ ​ 919​
    Australia                                                             ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​    ​
      Fosterville mine                                                    ​ ​ ​ 351​​ ​ ​ ​ —​​ ​​ ​ 331​​ ​​ ​ —​
    Europe                                                                ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​    ​
      Kittila mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 828 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 913 ​​ ​​ ​ 915​​ ​​ ​ 852​
    Mexico                                                                ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​    ​
      Pinos Altos mine                                                    ​ ​ ​1,383 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 849 ​​ ​​ ​1,224​​ ​​ ​ 844​
      Creston Mascota mine                                                ​ ​ ​ 899 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 341 ​​ ​​ ​ 598​​ ​​ ​ 257​
      La India mine                                                       ​ ​ ​ 936 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,350 ​​ ​​ ​ 876​​ ​​ ​1,026​
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced          ​ ​ $ 726 ​​ ​ ​$ 748 ​​ ​​$ 763​​ ​​$ 741​


                                                           42
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                            SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                 (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

    ​




    Notes:
    (i)    Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data reported by other gold
           producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Operating Margin and Note to Investors Concerning Certain
           Measures of Performance for more information on the Company’s use of operating margin.
    (ii)   The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic mine.
    (iii) Payable production (a non-GAAP non-financial performance measure) is the quantity of mineral produced during a period
          contained in products that are or will be sold by the Company, whether such products are sold during the period or held as
          inventories at the end of the period. Payable production for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 includes 9,053 and
          17,176 ounces of gold from the Tiriganiaq open pit deposit at the Meliadine mine, respectively, which were produced prior to the
          achievement of commercial production at the Tiriganiaq open pit deposit on August 15, 2021. Payable production for the three
          and six months ended June 30, 2021 include 348 ounces of gold from the Amaruq Underground project at the Meadowbank
          complex which were produced as commercial production at the Amaruq Underground project has not yet been achieved.
    (iv) The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to
         data reported by other gold producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold
         Produced and Minesite Costs per Tonne and Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance for more
         information on the Company’s calculation and use of total cash cost per ounce of gold produced.
    (v)    The Meliadine mine’s cost calculations per ounce of gold produced for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 excludes
           9,053 and 17,176 ounces of payable gold production which were produced prior to the achievement of commercial production at
           the Tiriganiaq open pit deposit on August 15, 2021.
    (vi) The Meadowbank complex’s cost calculations per ounce of gold produced for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021
         exclude 348 ounces of gold from the Amaruq Underground project at the Meadowbank complex which were produced as
         commercial production at the Amaruq Underground project has not yet been achieved.




                                                                       43
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                             SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                  (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

    ​                            ​​                                           Three Months Ended                                  ​
                                    September 30, December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, March 31,   June 30,
                                                                     (iii)        (iii)        (iii)
    ​                             ​​    2020     ​​   2020    ​​ 2021      ​​ 2021      ​​ 2021      ​​ 2021 ​​ 2022   ​​ 2022 ​
    Operating margin(i):          ​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​​ ​       ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​         ​
    Revenues from mining
      operations                  ​​ ​$ 980,612 ​​​ ​$ 928,448 ​​​​$ 949,623​​​​$ 984,653​​​ ​$ 983,818 ​​​ ​$ 951,531 ​​​​$1,325,688​​​​$ 1,581,058​
    Production costs              ​​ ​ ​ 412,803 ​​​ ​ ​ 374,853 ​​​​ ​ 417,376​​​​ ​ 433,050​​​ ​ ​ 455,627 ​​​ ​ ​ 467,068 ​​​​ ​ 661,735​​​​ ​ 657,636​
    Total operating margin(i)     ​​ ​ ​ 567,809 ​​​ ​ ​ 553,595 ​​​​ ​ 532,247​​​​ ​ 551,603​​​ ​ ​ 528,191 ​​​ ​ ​ 484,463 ​​​​ ​ 663,953​​​​ ​ 923,422​
                       (i)
    Operating margin by mine:     ​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​      ​​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​​ ​       ​​​​ ​                ​
    Quebec                        ​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​      ​​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​​ ​       ​​​​ ​                ​
        LaRonde mine              ​​ ​ ​ 144,364 ​​​ ​ ​ 123,528 ​​​​ ​ 93,728​​​​ ​ 115,617​​​ ​ ​ 125,770 ​​​ ​ ​ 87,070 ​​​​ ​ 103,564​​​​ ​          90,877​
        LaRonde Zone 5 mine       ​​ ​ ​ 21,522 ​​​ ​ ​ 19,965 ​​​​ ​ 12,598​​​​ ​ 15,252​​​ ​ ​ 19,449 ​​​ ​ ​ 17,557 ​​​​ ​ 16,656​​​​ ​                7,866​
        Canadian Malartic
          mine﻿(ii)               ​​ ​ ​ 76,673 ​​​ ​ ​ 104,009 ​​​​ ​ 103,748​​​​ ​ 109,579​​​ ​ ​ 93,439 ​​​ ​ ​ 96,252 ​​​​ ​ 79,302​​​​ ​ 104,461​
     Goldex mine                  ​​ ​ ​ 36,350 ​​​ ​ ​ 50,177 ​​​​ ​ 38,739​​​​ ​ 37,881​​​ ​ ​ 29,421 ​​​ ​ ​ 39,182 ​​​​ ​ 37,118​​​​ ​ 41,656​
    Ontario                       ​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​       ​​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​​ ​      ​​​​ ​        ​
     Detour Lake mine             ​​ ​ ​     — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​       —​​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​​ ​ 128,058​​​​ ​ 214,841​
     Macassa mine                 ​​ ​ ​     — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​       —​​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​​ ​ 24,155​​​​ ​ 74,778​
    Nunavut                       ​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​       ​​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​            ​​​​ ​          ​
        Meliadine mine            ​​ ​ ​ 109,313 ​​​ ​ ​ 107,617 ​​​​ ​ 111,216​​​​ ​ 109,932​​​ ​ ​ 90,884 ​​​ ​ ​ 115,912 ​​​​ ​      84,279​​​​ ​     96,740​
        Meadowbank complex        ​​ ​ ​ 46,032 ​​​ ​ ​ 44,344 ​​​​ ​ 49,950​​​​ ​ 56,063​​​ ​ ​ 52,087 ​​​ ​ ​ 25,872 ​​​​ ​           (5,198)​​​​ ​    68,044​
     Hope Bay mine                ​​ ​ ​     — ​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​​ ​ 11,230​​​​ ​ 14,396​​​ ​ ​ 11,633 ​​​ ​ ​ (4,938) ​​​​ ​    144​​​​ ​      —​
    Australia                     ​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​​ ​      ​​​​ ​       ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​​ ​      ​​​​ ​        ​
      Fosterville mine            ​​ ​ ​     — ​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​​ ​      —​​​​ ​      —​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​​ ​ 106,856​​​​ ​ 125,442​
    Europe                        ​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​​ ​      ​​​​ ​       ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​​ ​      ​​​​ ​        ​
      Kittila mine                ​​ ​ ​ 62,807 ​​​ ​ ​ 38,442 ​​​​ ​ 58,703​​​​ ​ 51,438​​​ ​ ​ 57,362 ​​​ ​ ​ 54,411 ​​​​ ​ 46,111​​​​ ​ 67,611​
    Mexico                        ​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​​ ​      ​​​​ ​       ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​​ ​                ​​​​ ​           ​
     Pinos Altos mine             ​​ ​ ​ 37,063 ​​​ ​ ​ 39,900 ​​​​ ​ 26,426​​​​ ​ 31,905​​​ ​ ​ 31,971 ​​​ ​ ​ 27,656 ​​​​ ​           19,431​​​​ ​     11,487​
        Creston Mascota mine      ​​ ​ ​ 9,279 ​​​ ​ ​ 4,573 ​​​​ ​ 7,634​​​​ ​ 5,171​​​ ​ ​ 4,186 ​​​ ​ ​ 2,628 ​​​​ ​               1,177​​​​ ​     642​
        La India mine             ​​ ​ ​ 24,406 ​​​ ​ ​ 21,040 ​​​​ ​ 18,275​​​​ ​ 4,369​​​ ​ ​ 11,989 ​​​ ​ ​ 22,861 ​​​​ ​ 22,300​​​​ ​ 18,977​
    Total operating margin(i)     ​​ ​ ​ 567,809 ​​​ ​ ​ 553,595 ​​​​ ​ 532,247​​​​ ​ 551,603​​​ ​ ​ 528,191 ​​​ ​ ​ 484,463 ​​​​ ​ 663,953​​​​ ​ 923,422​
    Amortization of property,
      plant and mine
      development                 ​​ ​ ​ 173,173 ​​​ ​ ​ 174,954 ​​​​ ​ 177,793​​​​ ​ 176,946​​​ ​ ​ 191,771 ​​​ ​ ​ 191,618 ​​​​ ​ 260,748​​​​ ​ 291,052​
    Exploration, corporate and
      other                       ​​ ​ ​ 61,947 ​​​ ​ ​ 84,647 ​​​​ ​ 111,289​​​​ ​ 81,592​​​ ​ ​ 129,148 ​​​ ​ ​ 103,624 ​​​​ ​ 228,638​​​​ ​ 196,680​
    Income before income and
      mining taxes                ​​ ​ ​ 332,689 ​​​ ​ ​ 293,994 ​​​​ ​ 243,165​​​​ ​ 293,065​​​ ​ ​ 207,272 ​​​ ​ ​ 189,221 ​​​​ ​ 174,567​​​​ ​ 435,690​
    Income and mining taxes
      expense                     ​​ ​ ​ 110,035 ​​​ ​ ​ 88,777 ​​​​ ​ 97,926​​​​ ​ 96,674​​​ ​ ​ 88,316 ​​​ ​ ​ 87,862 ​​​​ ​          64,815​​​​ ​ 159,845​
    Net income for the period     ​​ ​$ 222,654 ​​​ ​$ 205,217 ​​​​$ 145,239​​​​$ 196,391​​​ ​$ 118,956 ​​​ ​$ 101,359 ​​​​$ 109,752​​​​$ 275,845​
    Net income per share —
      basic                       ​​ ​$    0.92 ​​​ ​$      0.85 ​​​​$      0.60​​​​$     0.81​​​ ​$    0.49 ​​​ ​$     0.41 ​​​​$         0.29​​​​$       0.61​
    Net income per share —
      diluted                     ​​ ​$    0.91 ​​​ ​$      0.84 ​​​​$      0.59​​​​$     0.80​​​ ​$    0.49 ​​​ ​$     0.41 ​​​​$         0.28​​​​$       0.60​
    Cash flows:                   ​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​​ ​       ​​​ ​ ​       ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​         ​
    Cash provided by operating
      activities                  ​​ ​$ 462,538 ​​​ ​$ 403,510 ​​​​$ 366,642​​​​$ 419,376​​​ ​$ 297,176 ​​​ ​$ 262,114 ​​​​$ 507,432​​​​$ 633,266​
    Cash (used in) provided by
      investing activities        ​​ ​$(205,893) ​​​ ​$(247,015) ​​​​$(538,123)​​​​$(210,068)​​​ ​$(268,213) ​​​ ​$(247,599) ​​​​$ 535,652​​​​$ (394,129)​
    Cash (used in) provided by
      financing activities        ​​ ​$(268,802) ​​​ ​$ (74,432) ​​​​$(100,134)​​​​$ (64,161)​​​ ​$ (62,404) ​​​ ​$ (70,543) ​​​​$ (167,858)​​​​$ (294,307​)




                                                                            44
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                            SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                 (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

    ​




    Notes:
    (i)    Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data reported by other gold
           producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Operating Margin and Note to Investors Concerning Certain
           Measures of Performance for more information on the Company’s use of operating margin.
    (ii)   The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic mine.
    (iii) Certain previously reported line items have been restated to reflect the final purchase price allocation of the February 2, 2021
          acquisition of TMAC and to reflect the retrospective application of amendments to IAS 16.




                                                                       45
​




                                     AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                         CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                            (thousands of United States dollars, except share amounts)
                                                  (Unaudited)

                                                                                  As at                 As at
    ​                                                                      ​ ​ June 30, 2022 ​ ​ December 31, 2021 ​
    ​                                                                      ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​ Restated (Note 3) ​
    ASSETS                                                                 ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​   ​​           ​ ​
    Current assets:                                                        ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​   ​​           ​ ​
      Cash and cash equivalents                                            ​ ​​$ 1,006,855​​ ​    ​$ 185,786 ​
      Trade receivables (Note 6)                                           ​ ​​ ​    10,401​​ ​   ​​     13,545 ​
      Inventories (Note 7)                                                 ​ ​​ ​ 1,086,348​​ ​   ​ ​ 878,944 ​
      Income taxes recoverable                                             ​ ​​ ​    76,954​​ ​   ​​      7,674 ​
      Fair value of derivative financial instruments (Notes 6 and 16)      ​ ​​ ​    11,494​​ ​   ​​     12,305 ​
      Other current assets (Note 8A)                                       ​ ​​ ​ 352,166​​ ​     ​ ​ 204,134 ​
    Total current assets                                                   ​ ​​ ​ 2,544,218​​ ​   ​ ​ 1,302,388 ​
    Non-current assets:                                                    ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​   ​​           ​ ​
      Goodwill                                                             ​ ​​ ​ 2,216,311​​ ​   ​ ​ 407,792 ​
      Property, plant and mine development (Note 9)                        ​ ​​ ​17,694,487​​ ​   ​ ​ 7,675,595 ​
      Investments (Notes 6, 10 and 16)                                     ​ ​​ ​ 295,894​​ ​     ​ ​ 343,509 ​
      Deferred income tax asset                                            ​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​    ​ ​ 133,608 ​
      Other assets (Note 8B)                                               ​ ​​ ​ 435,198​​ ​     ​ ​ 353,198 ​
    Total assets                                                           ​ ​​$23,186,108​​ ​    ​$10,216,090 ​
    LIABILITIES                                                            ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​   ​​           ​ ​
    Current liabilities:                                                   ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​   ​​           ​ ​
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                             ​ ​​$ 652,789​​ ​      ​$ 414,673 ​
      Share based liabilities                                              ​ ​​ ​     5,919​​ ​   ​​         — ​
      Interest payable                                                     ​ ​​ ​    10,243​​ ​   ​​     12,303 ​
      Income taxes payable                                                 ​ ​​ ​    28,808​​ ​   ​​     47,213 ​
      Current portion of long-term debt (Note 11)                          ​ ​​ ​ 200,000​​ ​     ​ ​ 225,000 ​
      Reclamation provision                                                ​ ​​ ​    21,547​​ ​   ​​      7,547 ​
      Lease obligations                                                    ​ ​​ ​    34,329​​ ​   ​​     32,988 ​
      Fair value of derivative financial instruments (Notes 6 and 16)      ​ ​​ ​    30,792​​ ​   ​​     22,089 ​
    Total current liabilities                                              ​ ​​ ​ 984,427​​ ​     ​ ​ 761,813 ​
    Non-current liabilities:                                               ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​   ​​           ​ ​
      Long-term debt (Note 11)                                             ​ ​​ ​ 1,241,196​​ ​   ​ ​ 1,340,223 ​
      Reclamation provision                                                ​ ​​ ​ 716,119​​ ​     ​ ​ 722,449 ​
      Lease obligations                                                    ​ ​​ ​ 100,161​​ ​     ​​     98,445 ​
      Share based liabilities                                              ​ ​​ ​     5,596​​ ​   ​​         — ​
      Deferred income and mining tax liabilities                           ​ ​​ ​ 3,797,090​​ ​   ​ ​ 1,223,128 ​
      Other liabilities                                                    ​ ​​ ​    70,507​​ ​   ​​     70,261 ​
    Total liabilities                                                      ​ ​​ ​ 6,915,096​​ ​   ​ ​ 4,216,319 ​
    EQUITY                                                                 ​ ​​ ​            ​​ ​ ​ ​             ​ ​
      Common shares (Note 12):                                             ​ ​​ ​            ​​ ​ ​ ​             ​ ​
         Outstanding — 456,476,039 common shares issued, less 700,050
            shares held in trust                                           ​ ​​ ​16,216,512​​ ​   ​ ​ 5,863,512 ​
      Stock options (Notes 12 and 13)                                      ​ ​​ ​ 195,213​​ ​     ​ ​ 191,112 ​
      Contributed surplus                                                  ​ ​​ ​    22,118​​ ​   ​​     37,254 ​
      Deficit                                                              ​ ​​ ​ (123,090​​
                                                                                           ) ​    ​ ​ (146,383) ​
      Other reserves (Note 14)                                             ​ ​​ ​ (39,741)​​ ​    ​​     54,276 ​
    Total equity                                                           ​ ​​ ​16,271,012​​ ​   ​ ​ 5,999,771 ​
    Total liabilities and equity                                           ​ ​​$23,186,108​​ ​    ​$10,216,090 ​
    Commitments and contingencies (Note 19)                                ​ ​​ ​            ​​ ​ ​ ​             ​ ​
                                          See accompanying notes


                                                         46
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                                         (thousands of United States dollars, except per share amounts)
                                                                  (Unaudited)

                                                                                               Three Months Ended                   Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                                ​ ​             June 30,             ​ ​            June 30,                ​
    ​                                                                                ​ ​      2022    ​ ​       2021       ​ ​     2022     ​ ​       2021       ​
                                                                                                              Restated                              Restated
    ​                                                                                ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​ (Notes 3 and 5) ​ ​ ​ ​         ​ ​ ​ (Notes 3 and 5) ​
    REVENUES                                                                         ​ ​​ ​         ​​ ​ ​ ​      ​ ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​ ​ ​         ​​
    Revenues from mining operations (Note 15)                                        ​ ​​$ 1,581,058​​ ​ ​$984,653 ​​ ​​$ 2,906,746​​ ​ ​$ 1,934,276 ​
    COSTS AND EXPENSES                                                               ​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​     ​​        ​ ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​ ​ ​        ​​
    Production(i)                                                                    ​ ​​ ​ 657,636​​ ​     ​ ​433,050 ​​ ​​ ​1,319,371​​ ​ ​ ​ 850,426 ​
    Exploration and corporate development                                            ​ ​​ ​ 70,352​​ ​      ​ ​ 39,942 ​​ ​​ ​ 136,194​​ ​ ​ ​ 68,651 ​
    Amortization of property, plant and mine development                             ​ ​​ ​ 291,052​​ ​     ​ ​176,946 ​​ ​​ ​ 551,800​​ ​ ​ ​ 354,739 ​
    General and administrative                                                       ​ ​​ ​ 49,275​​ ​      ​ ​ 31,325 ​​ ​​ ​ 116,817​​ ​ ​ ​ 76,258 ​
    Finance costs                                                                    ​ ​​ ​ 20,961​​ ​      ​ ​ 23,261 ​​ ​​ ​ 43,614​​ ​ ​ ​ 45,429 ​
    Loss (gain) on derivative financial instruments (Note 16)                        ​ ​​ ​ 40,753​​ ​      ​ ​(21,120) ​​ ​​ ​ 12,089​​ ​ ​ ​      (54)​
    Foreign currency translation (gain) loss                                         ​ ​​ ​ (13,492​​
                                                                                                   ) ​      ​ ​ 2,440 ​​ ​​ ​ (12,282​​) ​​​       (638)​
    Care and maintenance                                                             ​ ​​ ​   9,257​​ ​     ​​      — ​​ ​​ ​ 19,713​​ ​ ​ ​         —​
    Other expenses (Note 17)                                                         ​ ​​ ​ 19,574​​ ​      ​ ​ 5,744 ​​ ​​ ​ 109,173​​ ​ ​ ​     3,235 ​
    Income before income and mining taxes                                            ​ ​​ ​ 435,690​​ ​     ​ ​293,065 ​​ ​​ ​ 610,257​​ ​ ​ ​ 536,230 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                  ​ ​​ ​ 159,845​​ ​     ​ ​ 96,674 ​​ ​​ ​ 224,660​​ ​ ​ ​ 194,600 ​
    Net income for the period                                                        ​ ​​$ 275,845​​ ​      ​$196,391 ​​ ​​$ 385,597​​ ​ ​$ 341,630 ​
    Net income per share — basic (Note 12)                                           ​ ​​$       0.61​​ ​   ​$   0.81 ​​ ​​$          0.92​​ ​ ​$         1.40 ​
    Net income per share — diluted (Note 12)                                         ​ ​​$       0.60​​ ​   ​$   0.80 ​​ ​​$          0.92​​ ​ ​$         1.40 ​
    Cash dividends declared per common share                                         ​ ​​$       0.40​​ ​   ​$   0.35 ​​ ​​$          0.80​​ ​ ​$         0.70 ​
              ​




              Note:
              (i)     Exclusive of amortization, which is shown separately.

                                                                   See accompanying notes




                                                                              47
​




                              AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
          CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                               (thousands of United States dollars)
                                          (Unaudited)

                                                                         Three Months Ended                      Six Months Ended
    ​                                                          ​ ​             June 30,               ​ ​             June 30,              ​
    ​                                                          ​ ​      2022    ​ ​        2021       ​ ​      2022    ​ ​       2021       ​
                                                                                        Restated                               Restated
    ​                                                          ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​ (Notes 3 and 5) ​ ​ ​ ​          ​ ​ ​ (Notes 3 and 5) ​
    Net income for the period                             ​ ​​$ 275,845​​ ​           ​$196,391 ​​ ​​$ 385,597​​ ​ ​$341,630 ​
    Other comprehensive income:                           ​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​           ​​       ​ ​​ ​​ ​      ​​ ​ ​ ​      ​ ​
    Items that may be subsequently reclassified to net
       income:                                            ​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​           ​​          ​ ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​ ​ ​           ​ ​
       Derivative financial instruments:                  ​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​           ​​          ​ ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​ ​ ​           ​ ​
         Reclassified from the cash flow hedge reserve to
           net income                                     ​ ​​ ​    294​​ ​           ​​     294 ​​ ​​ ​          588​​ ​ ​ ​       588 ​
    ​                                                       ​ ​​ ​     294​​ ​        ​​     294 ​​ ​​ ​          588​​ ​ ​ ​       588 ​
    Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to net
       income:                                              ​ ​​ ​         ​​ ​       ​​          ​ ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​ ​ ​           ​ ​
       Pension benefit obligations:                         ​ ​​ ​         ​​ ​       ​​          ​ ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​ ​ ​           ​ ​
         Remeasurement gain (loss) on pension benefit
           obligations                                      ​ ​​ ​     449​​ ​        ​ ​ (465) ​​ ​​ ​      912​​ ​         ​ ​ (909) ​
         Income tax impact                                  ​ ​​ ​    (116)​​ ​       ​​     119 ​​ ​​ ​    (235)​​ ​        ​​     237 ​
       Equity securities:                                   ​ ​​ ​         ​​ ​       ​​        ​ ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​        ​​        ​ ​
         Net change in fair value of equity securities      ​ ​​ ​(136,122)​​ ​       ​ ​ 30,230 ​​ ​​ ​(104,508)​​ ​        ​ ​(30,968) ​
         Income tax impact                                  ​ ​​ ​ 14,769​​ ​         ​ ​ (3,724) ​​ ​​ ​ 9,903​​ ​          ​ ​ 4,106 ​
    ​                                                       ​ ​​ ​(121,020)​​ ​       ​ ​ 26,160 ​​ ​​ ​ (93,928)​​ ​        ​ ​(27,534) ​
    Other comprehensive (loss) income for the period        ​ ​​ ​(120,726)​​ ​       ​ ​ 26,454 ​​ ​​ ​ (93,340)​​ ​        ​ ​(26,946) ​
    Comprehensive income for the period                     ​ ​​$ 155,119​​ ​         ​$222,845 ​​ ​​$ 292,257​​ ​           ​$314,684 ​

                                                 See accompanying notes




                                                             48
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                            CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY
                             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts)
                                                           (Unaudited)

                                                               Common Shares
    ​                                                 ​​        Outstanding                   ​    Stock     Contributed              Other                            Total
    ​                                                 ​​      Shares      ​ ​ Amount          ​ ​ Options ​ ​ Surplus ​ ​ Deficit ​ ​Reserves ​ ​                     Equity    ​
    Balance at December 31, 2020                      ​ ​​242,884,314​​ ​​$ 5,751,479​​ ​​$175,640​​ ​ ​$ 37,254 ​​ ​​$(366,412)​​ ​​$ 85,252​​ ​​$ 5,683,213​
    Net income (Restated Notes 3 and 5)               ​ ​​         —​​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​​ ​341,630​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​ 341,630​
    Other comprehensive loss (Restated Notes 3
      and 5)                                   ​ ​​                    —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​       (672)​​ ​​ ​(26,274)​​ ​​ ​     (26,946​)
    Total comprehensive income (loss) (Restated
      Notes 3 and 5)                            ​ ​​                   —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​340,958​​ ​​ ​(26,274)​​ ​​ ​          314,684​
    Transfer of gain on disposal of equity
      securities to deficit                     ​ ​​                   —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​      1,853​​ ​​ ​ (1,853)​​ ​​ ​              —​
    Transactions with owners:                   ​ ​​                      ​​ ​​ ​            ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​ ​ ​       ​ ​​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​             ​
      Shares issued under employee stock option
        plan (Notes 12 and 13A)                 ​ ​​​          354,377​​ ​​ ​        20,078​​ ​​ ​ (3,433)​​ ​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       16,645​
        Stock options (Notes 12 and 13A)          ​ ​​                 —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​ 12,669​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       12,669​
        Shares issued under incentive share
          purchase plan (Note 13B)                ​ ​​         229,040​​ ​​ ​        13,666​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       13,666​
        Shares issued under dividend reinvestment
          plan                                    ​ ​​         476,181​​ ​​ ​        29,715​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​   29,715​
        Dividends declared ($0.70 per share)          ​ ​​             —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​(169,723)​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ (169,723​)
        Restricted Share Unit plan, Performance
          Share Unit plan, and Long Term
          Incentive Plan (Notes 12 and 13C, D)        ​ ​​    (240,666)​​ ​​ ​      (20,476)​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​      (20,476​)
    Restated Balance at June 30, 2021                 ​ ​​​243,703,246​​ ​​$ 5,794,462​​ ​​$184,876​​ ​ ​$ 37,254 ​​ ​​$(193,324)​​ ​​$ 57,125​​ ​​$ 5,880,393​
    Restated Balance at December 31, 2021             ​ ​​​245,001,857​​ ​​$ 5,863,512​​ ​​$191,112​​ ​ ​$ 37,254 ​​ ​​$(146,383)​​ ​​$ 54,276​​ ​​$ 5,999,771​
    Net income                                        ​ ​​​         —​​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​​ ​385,597​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​ 385,597​
    Other comprehensive income (loss)                 ​ ​​​            —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​    677​​ ​​ ​(94,017)​​ ​​ ​          (93,340)​
    Total comprehensive income (loss)                 ​ ​​​            —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​386,274​​ ​​ ​(94,017)​​ ​​ ​          292,257​
    Transactions with owners:                   ​ ​​           ​​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​ ​ ​                   ​ ​​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​             ​
      Shares issued under employee stock option
        plan (Notes 12 and 13A)                 ​ ​​    529,195​​ ​​ ​    29,143​​ ​​ ​ (5,198)​​ ​ ​ ​                — ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       23,945​
      Shares issued on acquisition of Kirkland
        Lake Gold, net of share issuance costs
        (Note 5)                                ​ ​​209,274,263​​ ​​ ​10,268,160​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​ ​ ​                  — ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​10,268,160​
        Stock options (Notes 12 and 13A)              ​ ​​             —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​ 9,299​​ ​ ​ ​       — ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​        9,299​
        Shares issued under incentive share
          purchase plan (Note 13B)                ​ ​​   286,967​​ ​​ ​              15,542​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       15,542​
        Shares issued under dividend reinvestment
          plan                                    ​ ​​ 1,149,810​​ ​​ ​              58,442​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​   58,442​
        Share repurchases (Note 12)               ​ ​​​ (200,000)​​ ​​ ​             (7,122)​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​ ​ ​(15,136) ​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​  (22,258)​
        Dividends declared ($0.80 per share)      ​ ​​        —​​ ​​ ​                    —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​(362,981)​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ (362,981​)
        Restricted Share Unit plan, Performance
          Share Unit plan, and Long Term
          Incentive Plan (Notes 12 and 13C, D)    ​ ​​ (266,103)​​ ​​ ​             (11,165)​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​      (11,165​)
    Balance at June 30, 2022                          ​ ​​​455,775,989​​ ​​$16,216,512​​ ​​$195,213​​ ​ ​$ 22,118 ​​ ​​$(123,090)​​ ​​$(39,741)​​ ​​$16,271,012​


                                                               See accompanying notes




                                                                                    49
​




                                   AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                     CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                    (thousands of United States dollars)
                                               (Unaudited)

                                                                                     Three Months Ended               Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                        ​​            June 30,           ​​           June 30,            ​
    ​                                                                        ​​      2022 ​​       2021       ​​     2022 ​​       2021        ​
                                                                                                 Restated                       Restated
    ​                                                                        ​​​ ​         ​​​(Notes 3 and 5) ​​​ ​       ​​​(Notes 3 and 5) ​
    OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                     ​​​ ​         ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​
    Net income for the period                                                ​​​$ 275,845​​​ ​$ 196,391 ​​​​$ 385,597​​​ ​$ 341,630 ​
    Add (deduct) adjusting items:                                            ​​​ ​         ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​
      Amortization of property, plant and mine development                   ​​​ ​ 291,052​​​ ​ ​ 176,946 ​​​​ ​ 551,800​​​ ​ ​ 354,739 ​
      Deferred income and mining taxes                                       ​​​ ​ 80,871​​​ ​ ​ 53,741 ​​​​ ​ 80,214​​​ ​ ​ 109,663 ​
      Unrealized loss on currency and commodity derivatives (Note 16)        ​​​ ​ 33,569​​​ ​ ​ 17,131 ​​​​ ​       9,514​​​ ​ ​ 16,390 ​
      Unrealized loss (gain) on warrants (Note 16)                           ​​​ ​ 21,095​​​ ​ ​ (18,221) ​​​​ ​ 20,182​​​ ​ ​ 13,589 ​
      Stock-based compensation (Note 13)                                     ​​​ ​    6,959​​​ ​ ​ 13,543 ​​​​ ​ 29,207​​​ ​ ​ 31,579 ​
      Foreign currency translation (gain) loss                               ​​​ ​ (13,492​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ 2,440 ​​​​ ​ (12,282​​​  ) ​​       (638) ​
      Other                                                                  ​​​ ​ 10,056​​​ ​ ​ 2,635 ​​​​ ​        7,735​​​ ​ ​ 3,138 ​
    Changes in non-cash working capital balances:                            ​​​ ​         ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​
      Trade receivables                                                      ​​​ ​     (233​​​
                                                                                           ) ​​         87 ​​​​ ​ 38,835​​​ ​ ​ (4,417) ​
      Income taxes                                                           ​​​ ​ (3,461​​​
                                                                                           ) ​​        396 ​​​​ ​ (43,331​​​
                                                                                                                          ) ​ ​ (68,087) ​
      Inventories                                                            ​​​ ​ (10,110​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ (46,515) ​​​​ ​ 168,042​​​ ​ ​ (20,673) ​
      Other current assets                                                   ​​​ ​ (78,258​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ (53,536) ​​​​ ​ (117,865​​​
                                                                                                                          ) ​ ​ (55,806) ​
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                               ​​​ ​ 32,689​​​ ​ ​ 86,996 ​​​​ ​ 25,045​​​ ​ ​ 65,311 ​
      Interest payable                                                       ​​​ ​ (13,316​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ (12,658) ​​​​ ​ (1,995​​​) ​​       (400) ​
    Cash provided by operating activities                                    ​​​ ​ 633,266​​​ ​ ​ 419,376 ​​​​ ​1,140,698​​​ ​ ​ 786,018 ​
    INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                     ​​​ ​         ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​
    Additions to property, plant and mine development (Note 9)               ​​​ ​ (408,596​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​(216,761) ​​​​ ​ (701,747​​​
                                                                                                                          ) ​ ​(408,902) ​
    Cash and cash equivalents acquired in Kirkland acquisition (Note 5)      ​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​ 838,732​​​ ​ ​        — ​
    Acquisition of TMAC Resources Inc., net of cash and cash equivalents     ​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​        —​​​ ​ ​(185,898) ​
    Advance to TMAC Resources Inc. to fund repayment of debt                 ​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​        —​​​ ​ ​(105,000) ​
    Payment to repurchase the Hope Bay royalty                               ​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​        —​​​ ​ ​ (50,000) ​
    Proceeds from sale of property, plant and mine development               ​​​ ​      135​​​ ​ ​      80 ​​​​ ​      522​​​ ​ ​     542 ​
    Net (purchases) sales of short-term investments                          ​​​ ​ (7,257​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ 2,216 ​​​​ ​ (4,130​​​   ) ​​        666 ​
    Net proceeds from sale of equity securities                              ​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​ 2,700 ​​​​ ​          —​​​ ​ ​ 4,173 ​
    Purchases of equity securities and other investments                     ​​​ ​ (18,411​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ (5,380) ​​​​ ​ (31,854​​​) ​ ​ (10,849) ​
    Payments for financial assets at amortized cost                          ​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​ (16,000) ​​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​ (16,000) ​
    Proceeds from loan repayment (Note 8)                                    ​​​ ​ 40,000​​​ ​ ​        — ​​​​ ​ 40,000​​​ ​ ​         — ​
    Decrease in restricted cash                                              ​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​ 23,077 ​​​​ ​         —​​​ ​ ​ 23,077 ​
    Cash (used in) provided by investing activities                          ​​​ ​ (394,129​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​(210,068) ​​​​ ​ 141,523​​​ ​ ​(748,191) ​
    FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                     ​​​ ​         ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​        ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​
    Proceeds from Credit Facility (Note 11)                                  ​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​ 100,000 ​​​​ ​ 100,000​​​ ​ ​ 340,000 ​
    Repayment of Credit Facility (Note 11)                                   ​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​(100,000) ​​​​ ​ (100,000​​​
                                                                                                                          ) ​ ​(340,000) ​
    Repayment of Senior Notes (Note 11)                                      ​​​ ​ (125,000​​​
                                                                                           ) ​​         — ​​​​ ​ (125,000​​​
                                                                                                                          ) ​​         — ​
    Repayment of lease obligations                                           ​​​ ​ (8,476​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ (10,047) ​​​​ ​ (16,786​​​
                                                                                                                          ) ​ ​ (15,471) ​
    Dividends paid                                                           ​​​ ​ (149,801​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ (67,038) ​​​​ ​ (304,583​​​
                                                                                                                          ) ​ ​(140,008) ​
    Repurchase of common shares (Notes 12 and 13)                            ​​​ ​ (22,258​​​
                                                                                           ) ​​         — ​​​​ ​ (50,147​​​
                                                                                                                          ) ​ ​ (34,606) ​
    Proceeds on exercise of stock options (Note 13A)                         ​​​ ​    6,104​​​ ​ ​ 8,244 ​​​​ ​ 23,945​​​ ​ ​ 16,645 ​
    Common shares issued                                                     ​​​ ​    5,124​​​ ​ ​ 4,680 ​​​​ ​ 10,406​​​ ​ ​ 9,145 ​
    Cash used in financing activities                                        ​​​ ​ (294,307​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ (64,161) ​​​​ ​ (462,165​​​
                                                                                                                          ) ​ ​(164,295) ​
    Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents             ​​​ ​       30​​​ ​ ​ 6,057 ​​​​ ​      1,013​​​ ​ ​ 1,611 ​
    Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents during the period   ​​​ ​ (55,140​​​
                                                                                           ) ​ ​ 151,204 ​​​​ ​ 821,069​​​ ​ ​(124,857) ​
    Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                           ​​​ ​1,061,995​​​ ​ ​ 126,466 ​​​​ ​ 185,786​​​ ​ ​ 402,527 ​
    Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                 ​​​$ 1,006,855​​​ ​$ 277,670 ​​​​$ 1,006,855​​​ ​$ 277,670 ​
    SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION                                       ​​​ ​         ​​​   ​​       ​ ​​​​ ​          ​​​   ​​       ​ ​
    Interest paid                                                            ​​​$    33,219​​​   ​$ 34,327 ​​​​$      41,422​​​   ​$ 42,053 ​
    Income and mining taxes paid                                             ​​​$    84,678​​​   ​$ 44,518    ​​​​$ 188,078​​​    ​$ 153,171   ​


                                                        See accompanying notes


                                                                     50
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                   NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                           (Unaudited)
                                                          June 30, 2022

    1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

         Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (“Agnico Eagle” or the “Company”) is principally engaged in the production and sale of gold, as
         well as related activities such as exploration and mine development. The Company’s mining operations are located in Canada,
         Mexico, Finland and Australia and the Company has exploration activities in Canada, Europe, Latin America, Australia and the
         United States. Agnico Eagle is a public company incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada with its head and
         registered office located at 145 King Street East, Suite 400, Toronto, Ontario, M5C 2Y7. The Company’s common shares are listed
         on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. Agnico Eagle sells its gold production into the world market.

         These condensed interim consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors of the Company
         (the “Board”) on July 27, 2022.

    2.   BASIS OF PRESENTATION

         A) Statement of Compliance

               The accompanying condensed interim consolidated financial statements of Agnico Eagle have been prepared in accordance
               with International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued by the International Accounting
               Standards Board (“IASB”) in United States (“US”) dollars. These condensed interim consolidated financial statements do not
               include all of the disclosures required by International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) for annual audited
               consolidated financial statements.

               These condensed interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s 2021 annual
               audited consolidated financial statements, including the accounting policies and notes thereto, included in the Annual Report
               and Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2021, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS.

               In the opinion of management, these condensed interim consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which
               consist of normal and recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position as at June 30, 2022 and
               December 31, 2021 and the results of operations and cash flows for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 and
               June 30, 2021.

               Operating results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
               expected for the full year ending December 31, 2022.

         B)    Basis of Presentation

               Overview

               These condensed interim consolidated financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost
               method except for certain financial assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value. The condensed interim consolidated
               financial statements are presented in US dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand, except where otherwise
               indicated.

               Subsidiaries

               These condensed interim consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Agnico Eagle and its consolidated
               subsidiaries. All intercompany balances, transactions, income and expenses and gains or losses have been eliminated on
               consolidation. Subsidiaries are consolidated where Agnico Eagle has the ability to exercise control. Control of an investee
               exists when Agnico Eagle is exposed to variable returns from the Company’s involvement with the investee and has the
               ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an
               investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the elements of control.

               Joint Arrangements

               A joint arrangement is defined as an arrangement in which two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the
               contractually agreed sharing of control over an arrangement between two or more parties. This exists only when the decisions
               about the relevant activities that significantly affect the returns of the arrangement require the unanimous consent of the
               parties sharing control.

               A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties have joint control of the arrangement and have rights to the assets
               and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement. These condensed interim consolidated financial statements
               include the Company’s interests in the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the joint operations from the date that joint
               control



                                                                         51
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
          NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
          (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                       (Unaudited)
                                                      June 30, 2022

    2.   BASIS OF PRESENTATION (Continued)

             commenced. Agnico Eagle’s 50% interest in each of Canadian Malartic Corporation and Canadian Malartic GP, the general
             partnership that holds the Canadian Malartic mine located in Quebec, has been accounted for as a joint operation.

    3.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         These condensed interim consolidated financial statements follow the same accounting policies and methods of their application as
         the December 31, 2021 annual audited consolidated financial statements except as described below for amendments to accounting
         standards adopted effective January 1, 2022.

         Amendments to Accounting Standards Adopted During the Period

         Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16)

         In May 2020, the IASB issued amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment that clarify the accounting for the net
         proceeds from selling any items produced while bringing an item of property, plant and mine development to the location and
         condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. The amendments prohibit entities
         from deducting amounts received from selling items produced from the cost of property, plant and mine development while the
         Company is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, sales proceeds and the cost of producing these items will be
         recognized in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income. The amendments are effective for annual reporting
         periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022. The amendments apply retrospectively, but only to assets brought to the location
         and condition necessary for them to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management on or after the beginning of
         the earliest period presented in the financial statements in which the Company first applies the amendments. The Company
         adopted the standard on the effective date and applying it retrospectively to the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2021, resulted in
         an increase to revenue from mining operations from the sale of pre-commercial gold production of $33.6 million, an increase in
         production costs of $10.9 million, and an increase in income and mining taxes expense of $8.0 million during the six months
         ended June 30, 2021 and an increase to revenue from mining operations from the sale of pre-commercial gold production of
         $18.4 million, an increase in production costs of $5.9 million, and an increase in income and mining taxes expense of $4.4 million
         during the three months ended June 30, 2021, along with a corresponding net increase in the cost of property plant and mine
         development of $22.7 million and an increase in deferred income and mining tax liabilities of $8.0 million as at June 30, 2021.

         Comparative Figures

         Certain figures in the comparative condensed interim consolidated financial statements have been reclassified from statements
         previously presented to conform to the presentation of these financial statements as at and for the three and six months ended
         June 30, 2022.

    4.   SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

         The preparation of these condensed interim consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to
         make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed interim consolidated financial
         statements and accompanying notes. Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the condensed interim
         consolidated financial statements are reasonable; however, actual results may differ materially from these estimates. The areas
         involving significant judgments, estimates and assumptions have been set out in Note 4 to the Company’s annual audited
         consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021.

    5.   ACQUISITION

         Kirkland

         On February 8, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding shares of Kirkland in exchange for
         the issuance of Agnico Eagle common shares to former Kirkland shareholders. Each Kirkland shareholder received 0.7935 of a
         common share of Agnico as consideration for each Kirkland share, which resulted in the issuance of 209,274,263 Agnico common
         shares. Kirkland owns and operates the Detour Lake and Macassa mines in Canada and the Fosterville mine in Australia, and also
         owns exploration properties in Canada and Australia. The acquisition of Kirkland increased the Company’s production, mineral
         reserves and cash flow.

         The Company determined that the transaction represented a business combination under IFRS 3 Business Combinations
         (“IFRS 3”), with Agnico identified as the acquirer and, as such, the transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of
         accounting in accordance with IFRS 3.



                                                                       52
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
             NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                         June 30, 2022

    5.   ACQUISITION (Continued)

         The aggregate preliminary purchase consideration for the acquired assets, net of the assumed liabilities is as follows:

         ​Fair value of common shares issued                                                                                       ​ ​ ​$ 10,268,584​
          F
          ​ air value of replacement share based compensation issued                                                               ​ ​​ ​     14,522​
         ​                                                                                                                         ​ ​ ​$10,283,106​

         Assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recorded at their preliminary estimates of fair value at the date of acquisition as
         follows:

                                                                                                                    Provisional         Adjusted
                                                                                                              (i)
         ​                                                                                     ​ ​ Preliminary    ​ Adjustment ​ ​ Preliminary​
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                             ​ ​ ​$ 838,732 ​ ​ ​$        — ​ ​ ​ ​$ 838,732​
         Inventories                                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 384,678 ​ ​ ​$ (35,402) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 349,276​
         Other current assets                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 100,094 ​ ​ ​$       — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 100,094​
         Property, plant and mine development                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​10,086,336 ​ ​ ​$ (15,000) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​10,071,336​
         Goodwill                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,804,459 ​ ​ ​$ 4,060 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,808,519​
         Other assets                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 143,415 ​ ​ ​$ 44,354 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 187,769​
         Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ (235,778)​ ​ ​$       — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (235,778​)
         Reclamation provision                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ (175,839)​ ​ ​$       — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (175,839​)
         Deferred income and mining tax liabilities                                            ​ ​ ​ ​(2,639,353)​ ​ ​$ 1,988 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​(2,637,365​)
         Other liabilities                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ (23,638)​ ​ ​$      — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (23,638)​
         Total assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed                                         $10,283,106
                                                                                               ​ ​ ​             ​ ​ ​$    — ​ ​ ​ $10,283,106
                                                                                                                                    ​             ​
         ​




         Notes:
         (i) Estimates of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are presented as reported in the Company’s condensed
             interim consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2022.

         The fair values allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, and are subject to adjustment based on further
         analysis and evaluation over the course of the measurement period which will not exceed twelve months from the acquisition date.
         Where preliminary values are used in accounting for a business combination, they may be materially adjusted retrospectively in
         subsequent periods. In particular, the Company will continue to evaluate new information about the facts and circumstances that
         existed as of the acquisition date pertaining to the fair value of property, plant and mine development, goodwill and deferred
         income and mining tax liabilities. An adjustment was made to the preliminary purchase price allocation during the three months
         ended June 30, 2022 to reflect refinements to the estimated fair value of inventory.

         None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income and mining tax purposes.

         The Company incurred acquisition-related and severance costs of $11.3 million during the three months ended June 30, 2022 and
         $92.1 million in the six months ended June 30, 2022 which are recorded in the other expenses line of the condensed interim
         consolidated statements of income.

         The results of operations, cash flows and net assets of Kirkland have been consolidated with those of the Company from
         February 8, 2022. For the three (six) months ended June 30, 2022, Kirkland contributed revenue of $633.8 million
         ($1,133.1 million) and earnings before income and mining taxes of $274.0 million ($386.2 million). Total consolidated revenue
         and earnings before income and mining taxes of the Company for the three (six) months ended June 30, 2022, were
         $1,581.1 million ($2,906.8 million) and $435.7 million ($610.3 million), respectively. If the acquisition of Kirkland had taken
         place on January 1, 2022, pro forma total consolidated revenue and income before income and mining taxes for the Company
         would have been approximately $2,960.7 million and $626.0 million, respectively, for the six months ended June 30, 2022.

         TMAC Resources (“TMAC”)

         On February 2, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding common shares and equity
         instruments exchangeable for common shares of TMAC under a plan of arrangement pursuant to the Business Corporations Act
         (Ontario). TMAC owned and operated the Hope Bay mine, and also owned exploration properties in the Kitikmeot region of
         Nunavut.



                                                                       53
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
             NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                         June 30, 2022

    5.   ACQUISITION (Continued)

         Management determined that the assets and processes comprised a business and therefore accounted for the transaction as a
         business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The aggregate purchase consideration for the acquired assets,
         net of the liabilities assumed is as follows:

         P
         ​ urchase of TMAC common shares for C$2.20 per share                                                                           ​ ​ ​$225,580​


         A fair value approach was applied by management in developing estimates of the amounts of identifiable assets of TMAC acquired
         and liabilities assumed.

         The final estimates of fair value have been adjusted retrospectively to the acquisition date. Certain previously reported financial
         statement line items for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 were updated to reflect the impact of the adjusted final
         estimates of fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to the acquisition of TMAC.

         The following table sets out the allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
         management’s previously reported preliminary estimates and adjusted final estimates of fair value.
                                                                                                            (i)
         ​                                                                                   ​ ​ Preliminary ​ ​ Adjustments ​ ​ Adjusted Final​
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                           ​ ​ $ 39,682 ​ ​ ​ ​$      — ​ ​ ​ ​$ 39,682 ​
         Restricted cash                                                                     ​ ​ ​ 21,796 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​     — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 21,796 ​
         Inventories                                                                         ​ ​   ​ 84,576 ​ ​ ​   ​​      — ​​ ​      ​ ​ 84,576 ​
         Other current assets                                                                ​ ​   ​ 2,028 ​ ​ ​    ​​      — ​​ ​      ​ ​ 2,028 ​
         Property, plant and mine development                                                ​ ​   ​206,507 ​ ​ ​   ​ ​(23,397) ​ ​ ​   ​ ​ 183,110 ​
         Deferred income tax asset                                                           ​ ​   ​109,700 ​ ​ ​   ​ ​ 23,397 ​ ​ ​    ​ ​ 133,097 ​
         Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities(ii)                              ​ ​  ​ (84,805) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​       ​ ​ (84,805) ​
         Advance due to Agnico Eagle                                                         ​ ​  ​(105,000) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​       ​ ​(105,000) ​
         Reclamation provision                                                               ​ ​ ​ (48,904) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​       ​ ​ (48,904) ​
         Total assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed                                   ​ ​ $ 225,580 ​ ​ ​ ​$        — ​​ ​       ​$ 225,580 ​
         ​




         Notes:
         (i) Preliminary estimates of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are presented as reported in the Company’s
              condensed interim consolidated financial statements as at the acquisition date.
         (ii) Included $50.0 million payable to repurchase the Hope Bay 1.5% net smelter return royalty.

         Immediately prior to the closing of the transaction and in accordance with its terms, TMAC long-term debt was retired and the
         Company partially funded the repayment. The acquisition also triggered a one-time option for TMAC to buy-back a 1.5% net
         smelter return royalty on the Hope Bay property from Maverix Metals Inc. for $50.0 million, which was exercised prior to closing,
         with the payment made shortly after the acquisition date.

         The Company incurred acquisition-related costs of $2.8 million which were recorded in other expenses in the consolidated
         statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021.

    6.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

         Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
         participants at the measurement date. All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the condensed
         interim consolidated financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described, as follows, based on the
         lowest-level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

               Level 1 — Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted
               assets or liabilities;

               Level 2 — Quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for
               substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and

               Level 3 — Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and
               unobservable (supported by little or no market activity).



                                                                        54
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
          NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
          (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                       (Unaudited)
                                                      June 30, 2022

    6.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued)

         The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs and the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.

         Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

         For items that are recognized at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether transfers have occurred between
         levels in the hierarchy by reassessing their classification at the end of each reporting period.

         During the three and six months ended June 30, 2022, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value
         measurements, and no transfers into or out of Level 3 fair value measurements.

         The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate
         their carrying values due to their short-term nature.

         The following table sets out the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at June 30,
         2022 using the fair value hierarchy:

         ​                                                                                   ​ ​ Level 1 ​ ​ Level 2 ​ ​ Level 3 ​ ​ Total ​
         Financial assets:                                                                   ​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​        ​
         Trade receivables                                                                   ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$10,401​ ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$ 10,401​
         Equity securities                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​256,555​ ​ ​ ​ ​21,578​ ​ ​ ​ ​   —​ ​ ​ ​ ​278,133​
         Share purchase warrants                                                             ​ ​​ ​      —​ ​ ​ ​ ​17,761​ ​ ​ ​ ​    —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 17,761​
         Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                      ​ ​​ ​   —​ ​ ​ ​ ​11,494​ ​ ​ ​ ​       —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 11,494​
         Total financial assets                                                                 $256,555
                                                                                             ​ ​​        ​ ​ ​ ​$61,234​ ​ ​ ​$       —​ ​ ​ ​$317,789​
         Financial liabilities:                                                              ​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​        ​
         Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                      ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$30,792​ ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$ 30,792​
         Total financial liabilities                                                         ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$30,792​ ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$ 30,792​


         Valuation Techniques

         Trade Receivables

         Trade receivables from provisional invoices for concentrate sales are valued using quoted forward rates derived from observable
         market data based on the month of expected settlement (classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy).

         Equity Securities

         Equity securities representing shares of publicly traded entities are recorded at fair value using quoted market prices (classified
         within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy). Equity securities representing shares of non-publicly traded entities are recorded at fair
         value using external broker-dealer quotations corroborated by option pricing models (classified within Level 2 of the fair value
         hierarchy).

         Derivative Financial Instruments and Warrants

         The Company holds share purchase warrants of certain publicly traded entities. Share purchase warrants are accounted for as
         derivative financial instruments and presented as part of investments in the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets.
         Derivative financial instruments, classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, are recorded at fair value using external
         broker-dealer quotations corroborated by option pricing models or option pricing models that utilize a variety of inputs that are a
         combination of quoted prices and market-corroborated inputs.

         Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured and Recognized at Fair Value

         Long-term debt is recorded on the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2022 at amortized cost. The fair
         value of long-term debt is determined by applying a discount rate, reflecting the credit spread based on the Company’s credit
         rating to future related cash flows which is categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. See Note 11.

         Lease obligations are recorded on the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2022 at amortized cost. The fair
         value of lease obligations is the present value of the future lease payments discounted at the Company’s current incremental
         borrowing



                                                                        55
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
          NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
          (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                       (Unaudited)
                                                      June 30, 2022

    6.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued)

         rate. It is remeasured when there is a change in the lease term, future lease payments or changes in the assessment of whether the
         Company will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. The fair value of lease obligations is not materially different
         from the carrying amounts as a result of the difference between the incremental borrowing rates used at the initial recognition date
         and the current market rates at June 30, 2022.

    7.   INVENTORIES

         During the three months ended June 30, 2022, impairment losses of $9.8 million (2021 — $7.5 million) were recorded within
         production costs to reduce the carrying value of inventories to their net realizable value. During the six months ended June 30,
         2022, impairment losses of $35.5 million (2021 — $11.7 million) were recorded within production costs to reduce the carrying
         value of inventories to their net realizable value.

    8.   OTHER ASSETS

         A)   Other Current Assets
                                                                                                    As at June 30,           As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                    ​ ​       2022           ​ ​          2021        ​
         Federal, provincial and other sales taxes receivable                                 ​ ​      ​$140,360      ​​ ​       ​$ 81,450       ​
         Prepaid expenses                                                                     ​ ​      ​ ​168,130     ​​ ​       ​ ​ 90,681      ​
         Other receivables                                                                    ​ ​      ​ ​ 29,397     ​​ ​       ​ ​ 24,594      ​
         Short term investments                                                               ​ ​      ​ ​ 9,418      ​​ ​       ​ ​ 5,288       ​
         Other                                                                                ​ ​      ​ ​ 4,861      ​​ ​       ​ ​ 2,121       ​
         Total other current assets                                                           ​ ​      ​$352,166      ​​ ​       ​$204,134       ​


         B)   Other Assets
                                                                                                    As at June 30,           As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                    ​ ​       2022           ​ ​          2021        ​
         Non-current ore in stockpiles and on leach pads                                      ​ ​      ​$329,843      ​​ ​       ​$274,576       ​
         Non-current prepaid expenses                                                         ​ ​      ​ ​ 26,512     ​​ ​       ​ ​ 27,481      ​
         Non-current loans receivable                                                         ​ ​      ​ ​ 3,898      ​​ ​       ​ ​ 37,942      ​
         Non-current other receivables                                                        ​ ​      ​ ​ 3,287      ​​ ​       ​ ​ 10,098      ​
         Intangible asset                                                                     ​ ​      ​ ​ 56,061     ​​ ​       ​​      —       ​
         Investment in associate                                                              ​ ​      ​ ​ 11,096     ​​ ​       ​​     —        ​
         Other                                                                                ​ ​      ​ ​ 4,501      ​​ ​       ​ ​ 3,101       ​
         Total other assets                                                                   ​ ​      ​$435,198      ​​ ​       ​$353,198       ​

         During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the non-current loan receivable relating to the credit facility provided to Orla
         Mining Ltd. (“Orla) was repaid in full and the Company received proceeds of $40.0 million.

         The Company currently has an intangible asset with a finite useful life, which represents an electricity contract acquired as part of
         the Kirkland acquisition under which the Detour Lake mine is paying below market rates over a five year period.

    9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND MINE DEVELOPMENT

         During the six months ended June 30, 2022, $566.9 million of additions (excluding $10.1 billion of property, plant and mine
         development assets acquired in the Kirkland acquisition — see Note 5), (year ended December 31, 2021 — $944.9 million) were
         capitalized to property, plant and mine development.

         Total borrowing costs capitalized to property, plant and mine development during the six months ended June 30, 2022 were
         approximately $1.46 million (year ended December 31, 2021 — $3.5 million) at a capitalization rate of 1.12% (year ended
         December 31, 2021 — 1.20%).

         Assets with a net book value of $7.4 million were disposed of by the Company during the six months ended June 30, 2022 (year
         ended December 31, 2021 — $13.6 million), resulting in a loss on disposal of $3.9 million (year ended December 31, 2021 —
         $9.5 million) which was recorded in the other expenses line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.



                                                                       56
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
             NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                         June 30, 2022

    9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND MINE DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

         See Note 19 to these condensed interim consolidated financial statements for capital commitments.

    10. INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                                As at June 30,                    As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                             ​ ​          2022                    ​ ​          2021        ​
         Equity securities                                                                             ​ ​          ​$278,133              ​​ ​        ​$268,950        ​
         Share purchase warrants                                                                       ​ ​          ​ ​ 17,761             ​​ ​        ​ ​ 74,559       ​
         Total investments                                                                             ​ ​          ​$295,894              ​​ ​        ​$343,509        ​


    11. LONG-TERM DEBT

         The following table sets out details of the Company’s long-term debt as at June 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021:

                                                                                     As at June 30,                                         As at December 31,
         ​                           ​ ​         ​        ​ ​                            2022                                    ​ ​               2021    ​
                                                                            Deferred
                                                             Principal     Financing           Carrying                          Carrying
         ​                           ​ ​ Interest Rates ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Costs ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Fair Value ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Fair Value ​
         Senior Notes                ​ ​ 2.78% – 6.77% ​ ​ ​$1,450,000​ ​ ​ ​$ (5,292) ​ ​ ​ ​$1,444,708​ ​ ​ ​$1,403,983​ ​ ​ ​$1,569,074​ ​ ​ ​$1,727,969​
         Credit Facility             ​ ​       Variable ​ ​ ​ ​        —​ ​ ​ ​ ​(3,512) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​   (3,512​) ​ ​ ​ ​   (3,512​) ​ ​ ​ ​      (3,851​) ​ ​ ​ ​   (3,851​)
         Total long-term debt        ​ ​                 ​ ​ ​ ​$1,450,000​ ​ ​ ​$(8,804) ​ ​ ​ ​$1,441,196​ ​ ​ ​$1,400,471​ ​ ​ ​$1,565,223​ ​ ​ ​$1,724,118​


         The following table sets out the long-term debt included in the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets:

                                                                                                                As at June 30,                    As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                             ​ ​          2022                    ​ ​          2021        ​
         Current portion of long-term debt                                                             ​ ​        ​$ 200,000               ​​ ​       ​$ 225,000        ​
         Non-current portion of long-term debt                                                         ​ ​        ​ ​1,241,196             ​​ ​       ​ ​1,340,223      ​
         Total long-term debt                                                                          ​ ​        ​$1,441,196              ​​ ​       ​$1,565,223       ​


         2010 Notes

         On April 7, 2022 the Company repaid $125.0 million of 2010 Series C 6.77% notes at maturity. As at June 30, 2022 the principal
         amount of the 2010 Notes was fully repaid.

         Credit Facility

         During the six months ended June 30, 2022, Credit Facility drawdowns and repayments each totaled $100.0 million (six months
         ended June 30, 2021 — $340.0 million). As at June 30, 2022, $1,199.1 million was available for future drawdown under the Credit
         Facility (December 31, 2021 — $1,199.1 million). Credit Facility availability is reduced by outstanding letters of credit, which
         were $0.9 million as at June 30, 2022 (December 31, 2021 — $0.9 million).


    12. EQUITY

         Net Income Per Share

         The following table sets out the weighted average number of common shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted net
         income per share:




                                                                           57
​




                                           AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
            NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
            (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                         (Unaudited)
                                                        June 30, 2022

    12. EQUITY (Continued)

                                                                                                 Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
        ​                                                                                    ​ ​       June 30,     ​ ​      June 30,    ​
        ​                                                                                    ​ ​  2022    ​ ​  2021 ​ ​ 2022    ​ ​ 2021 ​
        Net income for the period — basic                                                    ​ ​ ​$275,845​ ​ ​ ​$196,391​ ​ ​ ​$385,597​ ​ ​ ​$341,630​
            Add: Dilutive impact of cash settling LTIP                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,745​) ​ ​ ​ ​  —​ ​ ​ ​      398​ ​ ​ ​ ​    —​
        Net income for the period — diluted                                         ​ ​ ​ ​273,100​ ​ ​ ​ ​196,391​ ​ ​ ​ 385,995​ ​ ​ ​ ​341,630​
        Weighted average number of common shares outstanding — basic (in thousands) ​ ​ ​ ​455,285​ ​ ​ ​ ​243,337​ ​ ​ ​ 419,997​ ​ ​ ​ ​243,165​
            Add: Dilutive impact of common shares related to the RSU plan, PSU plan
             and LTIP                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,252​ ​ ​ ​ ​   714​ ​ ​ ​     1,275​ ​ ​ ​ ​   653​
            Add: Dilutive impact of employee stock options                                   ​ ​​ ​    250​ ​ ​ ​ ​   710​ ​ ​ ​       261​ ​ ​ ​ ​   555​
        Weighted average number of common shares outstanding — diluted (in
         thousands)                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​456,787​ ​ ​ ​ ​244,761​ ​ ​ ​ 421,533​ ​ ​ ​ ​244,373​
        Net income per share — basic                                                         ​ ​ ​$   0.61​ ​ ​ ​$    0.81​ ​ ​ ​$    0.92​ ​ ​ ​$    1.40​
        Net income per share — diluted                                                       ​ ​ ​$   0.60​ ​ ​ ​$    0.80​ ​ ​ ​$    0.92​ ​ ​ ​$    1.40​


        Diluted net income per share has been calculated using the treasury stock method. In applying the treasury stock method,
        outstanding employee stock options with an exercise price greater than the average quoted market price of the common shares for
        the period outstanding are not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share as the impact would be anti-dilutive.

        For the three and six months ended June 30, 2022, 2,711,061 (2021 — 1,589,737) employee stock options were excluded from the
        calculation of diluted net income per share as their impact would have been anti-dilutive.

        On April 28, 2022, Agnico Eagle received approval from the Toronto Stock Exchange to establish a normal course issuer bid
        (“NCIB”) program. Under the NCIB, the Company may purchase for cancellation, on the open market at its discretion, during the
        period commencing on May 4, 2022 and ending on the earlier of May 3, 2023 and the completion of purchases under the NCIB, up
        to the lesser of 5% of issued and outstanding common shares of Agnico Eagle (“Common Shares”) and that number of Common
        Shares that can be purchased by Agnico Eagle under the NCIB for an aggregate purchase price, excluding commissions, of not
        more than $500,000,000 subject to the normal terms and limitations of such bids. Based on the closing share price of $55.85 on
        April 28, 2022, 8,952,551 Common Shares would be purchasable under the NCIB, representing approximately 1.96% of the issued
        and outstanding Common Shares as of April 28, 2022. As of April 28, 2022, Agnico Eagle had 455,706,160 issued and outstanding
        Common Shares.

        During the three and six months ended June 30, 2022, the Company repurchased 453,000 common shares for $22.3 million at an
        average price of $49.13 as part of its authorized NCIB program. Of the shares purchased, 200,000 were cancelled as of June 30,
        2022. The book value of the cancelled shares was $7.1 million and was treated as a reduction to common share capital. The
        portion of the consideration paid in for the repurchased shares in excess of their book value was treated as a reduction to
        contributed surplus.




                                                                        58
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2022

    13. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

       A)    Employee Stock Option Plan (“ESOP”)

       The following table sets out activity with respect to Agnico Eagle’s outstanding stock options:

                                                                                           Six Months Ended                 Six Months Ended
       ​                                                                             ​ ​     June 30, 2022           ​ ​      June 30, 2021
                                                                                                                                   ​
                                                                                                    Weighted              Weighted
                                                                                        Number of   Average   Number of   Average
                                                                                          Stock     Exercise    Stock     Exercise
       ​                                                                             ​ ​ Options ​ ​ Price ​ ​ Options ​ ​ Price ​
       Outstanding, beginning of period                                              ​ ​ ​4,482,941 ​ ​ ​ ​C$74.43 ​ ​ ​ ​3,421,404 ​ ​ ​ ​C$65.27 ​
       Granted                                                                       ​ ​ ​1,643,801 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​67.10 ​ ​ ​ ​1,590,750 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​89.59 ​
       Exercised                                                                     ​ ​ ​ (529,195)​ ​ ​ ​ ​57.76 ​ ​ ​ ​ (354,377)​ ​ ​ ​ ​59.03 ​
       Forfeited                                                                     ​ ​ ​​ (121,618)​ ​ ​ ​ ​79.68 ​ ​ ​ ​​ (42,635)​ ​ ​ ​ ​80.03 ​
       Outstanding, end of period                                                    ​ ​ ​​5,475,929 ​ ​ ​ ​C$73.73 ​ ​ ​ ​​4,615,142 ​ ​ ​ ​C$74.00 ​
       Options exercisable, end of period                                            ​ ​ ​​3,157,842 ​ ​ ​ ​C$71.65 ​ ​ ​ ​​2,201,327 ​ ​ ​ ​C$67.68 ​

       The average share price of Agnico Eagle’s common shares during the six months ended June 30, 2022 was C$69.69 (2021 —
       C$81.93).

       Agnico Eagle estimated the fair value of stock options under the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted
       average assumptions:

                                                                                                                                 Six Months Ended
       ​                                                                                                                   ​ ​        June 30,    ​
       ​                                                                                                                    ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​ 2021 ​
       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                               ​ ​ 1.65% ​ ​ 0.54% ​
       Expected life of stock options (in years)                                                                             ​ ​    2.4 ​ ​   2.4 ​
       Expected volatility of Agnico Eagle’s share price                                                                     ​ ​ 30.0% ​ ​ 38.0% ​
       Expected dividend yield                                                                                               ​ ​ 2.9% ​ ​ 2.2% ​


       The Company uses historical volatility to estimate the expected volatility of Agnico Eagle’s share price. The expected term of
       stock options granted is derived from historical data on employee exercise and post-vesting employment termination experience.

       Compensation expense related to the ESOP amounted to $3.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022 (2021 —
       $3.9 million) and $9.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2022 (2021 — $12.7 million).

       B)    Incentive Share Purchase Plan (“ISPP”)

       During the six months ended June 30, 2022, 286,967 common shares were subscribed for under the ISPP (2021 — 229,040) for a
       value of $15.5 million (2021 — $13.7 million). The total compensation cost recognized during the three months ended June 30,
       2022 related to the ISPP was $2.6 million (2021 — $2.4 million) and $5.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2022 (2021
       — $4.6 million).

       C)    Restricted Share Unit (“RSU”) Plan

       During the six months ended June 30, 2022, 366,586 (2021 — 317,114) RSUs were granted with a grant date fair value of
       $19.4 million (2021 — $23.6 million). In the first six months of 2022, the Company funded the RSU plan by transferring
       $19.4 million (2021 — $23.6 million) to an employee benefit trust that then purchased common shares of the Company in the open
       market. On February 8, 2022, all outstanding Kirkland RSUs were converted to 324,884 Agnico replacement RSUs in connection
       with the acquisition of Kirkland (Note 5). The replacement RSU’s are accounted for as cash-settled share based liabilities. At each
       reporting date, and on settlement, the share based liabilities are remeasured, with changes in fair value recognized as
       compensation expense in the period.

       Compensation expense related to the RSU plan was $7.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022 (2021 — $4.8 million)
       and $13.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2022 (2021 — $12.2 million). Compensation expense related to the RSU plan
       is included in the production and general and administrative line items of the condensed interim consolidated statements of
       income.



                                                                     59
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
        NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
        (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                     (Unaudited)
                                                    June 30, 2022

    13. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

       D) Performance Share Unit (“PSU”) Plan

       During the six months ended June 30, 2022, 157,500 (2021 — 148,500) PSUs were granted. In the first six months of 2022, the
       Company funded the PSU plan by transferring $8.3 million (2021 — $11.1 million) to an employee benefit trust that then
       purchased common shares of the Company in the open market. On February 8, 2022, all outstanding Kirkland PSUs were
       converted to 324,308 Agnico replacement PSUs in connection with the acquisition of Kirkland (Note 5). The replacement PSU’s
       are accounted for as cash-settled share based liabilities. At each reporting date, and on settlement, the share based liabilities are
       remeasured, with changes in fair value recognized as compensation expense in the period.

       Compensation expense related to the PSU plan was $2.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022 (2021 — $2.7 million)
       and $9.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2022 (2021 — $5.0 million).Compensation expense related to the PSU plan is
       included in the production and general and administrative line items of the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.


       E)   Deferred Share Unit (“DSU”) Plan

       On February 8, 2022, all outstanding Kirkland DSUs were converted to 91,840 Agnico replacement DSUs in connection with the
       acquisition of Kirkland (Note 5). The DSU Plan is for non-executive directors of the Company, which provides a cash payment,
       common shares, or a combination thereof on the date when a director ceases to be a director. The replacement DSUs are classified
       as cash-settled share based liabilities. Until settlement, the fair value of the share based liabilities are remeasured at the end of
       each reporting period and at the date of settlement, with changes in fair value recognized as compensation expense or recovery in
       the period.

       Compensation recovery related to the converted DSUs amounted to $1.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and
       compensation expense was nil for the six months ended June 30, 2022. Charges related to the DSU plan are included in the general
       and administrative line item of the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.


    14. OTHER RESERVES

       The following table sets out the movements in other reserves for the six months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021:

                                                                                                            Equity       Cash flow
                                                                                                          securities         hedge
       ​                                                                                              ​ ​ reserve ​ ​ reserve ​ ​ Total ​
       Balance at December 31, 2020                                                                   ​ ​ ​$ 97,216 ​ ​ ​ ​$ (11,964)​ ​ ​ ​$ 85,252​
       Net change in cash flow hedge reserve                                                          ​ ​​​       —​​ ​ ​ ​      588 ​ ​ ​ ​   588​
       Transfer of gain on disposal of equity securities to deficit                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,853)​ ​ ​ ​ ​    — ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,853​)
       Net change in fair value of equity securities                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​(26,862)​ ​ ​ ​ ​   — ​ ​ ​ ​ (26,862​)
       Balance at June 30, 2021                                                                       ​ ​ ​$ 68,501 ​ ​ ​ ​$(11,376)​ ​ ​ ​$ 57,125​

       Balance at December 31, 2021                                                                   ​ ​ ​$ 65,065 ​ ​ ​ ​$(10,789)​ ​ ​ ​$ 54,276​
       Net change in cash flow hedge reserve                                                          ​ ​​​       — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 588 ​ ​ ​ ​       588​
       Net change in fair value of equity securities                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​(94,605)​ ​ ​ ​ ​   — ​ ​ ​ ​ (94,605​)
       Balance at June 30, 2022                                                                       ​ ​ ​$(29,540)​ ​ ​ ​$(10,201)​ ​ ​ ​$(39,741)​

       The cash flow hedge reserve represents the settlement of an interest rate derivative related to the Senior Notes issued in 2020. The
       reserve will be amortized over the term of the Notes. Amortization of the reserve is included in the finance costs line item in the
       condensed interim consolidated statements of income.




                                                                      60
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2022

    15. REVENUES FROM MINING OPERATIONS

       The Company has recognized the following amounts relating to revenue in the condensed interim consolidated statements of
       income:

                                                                               Three Months Ended                         Six Months Ended
       ​                                                            ​ ​              June 30,                 ​ ​              June 30,                ​
       ​                                                            ​ ​      2022    ​ ​        2021          ​ ​      2022     ​ ​        2021        ​
       ​                                                            ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​ Restated (Note 3) ​ ​ ​ ​           ​ ​ ​ Restated (Note 3) ​
       Revenues from contracts with customers                       ​ ​ ​$ 1,582,685​ ​ ​     ​$982,730     ​ ​ ​ ​$ 2,907,537​ ​ ​    ​$ 1,932,814 ​
       Provisional pricing adjustments on concentrate sales         ​ ​​  ​   (1,627 )
                                                                                     ​​ ​     ​ ​ 1,923     ​​ ​​   ​     (791 )
                                                                                                                               ​​ ​    ​​     1,462 ​
       Total revenues from mining operations                        ​ ​ ​$1,581,058​ ​ ​     ​$984,653       ​ ​ ​ ​$2,906,746​ ​ ​   ​$1,934,276      ​

       The following table sets out the disaggregation of revenues by metal:

                                                                               Three Months Ended                         Six Months Ended
       ​                                                            ​ ​              June 30,                 ​ ​              June 30,                ​
       ​                                                            ​ ​      2022    ​ ​        2021          ​ ​      2022     ​ ​        2021        ​
       ​                                                            ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​ Restated (Note 3) ​ ​ ​ ​          ​ ​ ​ Restated (Note 3) ​
       Revenues from contracts with customers:                      ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​     ​​        ​   ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​    ​​          ​ ​
       Gold                                                         ​ ​ ​$ 1,560,058​ ​ ​    ​$953,664     ​ ​ ​ ​$ 2,861,228​ ​ ​   ​$ 1,874,820 ​
       Silver                                                       ​ ​​ ​   13,437​ ​ ​     ​ ​ 19,487      ​​ ​​ ​   29,497​ ​ ​    ​​   39,929      ​
       Zinc                                                         ​ ​​ ​    3,180​ ​ ​     ​ ​ 2,341       ​​ ​​ ​    4,181​ ​ ​    ​​    5,134      ​
       Copper                                                       ​ ​​ ​  6,010​ ​ ​       ​ ​ 7,238       ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 12,631​ ​ ​    ​ ​ 12,931       ​
       Total revenues from contracts with customers                    $1,582,685
                                                                    ​ ​​          ​​ ​       ​$982,730       ​ ​ ​ ​$2,907,537​ ​ ​   ​$1,932,814      ​


    16. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

       Currency Risk Management

       The Company uses foreign exchange economic hedges to reduce the variability in expected future cash flows arising from changes
       in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company is primarily exposed to currency fluctuations relative to the US dollar as a
       significant portion of the Company’s operating costs and capital expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the
       Canadian dollar, the Euro, the Australian dollar and the Mexican peso. These potential currency fluctuations increase the volatility
       of, and could have a significant impact on, the Company’s production costs and capital expenditures. The economic hedges relate
       to a portion of the foreign currency denominated cash outflows arising from foreign currency denominated expenditures.

       As at June 30, 2022, the Company had outstanding derivative contracts related to $2,491.3 million of 2022 and 2023 expenditures
       (December 31, 2021 — $2,375.2 million). The Company recognized mark-to-market adjustments in the loss (gain) on derivative
       financial instruments line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income. The Company did not apply hedge
       accounting to these arrangements.

       Mark-to-market gains and losses related to foreign exchange derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value based on
       broker-dealer quotations corroborated by option pricing models that utilize period-end forward pricing of the applicable foreign
       currency to calculate fair value.

       The Company’s other foreign currency derivative strategies in 2022 and 2021 consisted mainly of writing US dollar call options
       with short maturities to generate premiums that would, in essence, enhance the spot transaction rate received when exchanging US
       dollars for Canadian dollars and Mexican pesos. All of these derivative transactions expired prior to period-end such that no
       derivatives were outstanding as at June 30, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The call option premiums were recognized in the loss
       (gain) on derivative financial instruments line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

       Commodity Price Risk Management

       To mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating diesel fuel prices, the Company uses derivative financial instruments as economic
       hedges of the price risk on a portion of diesel fuel costs associated primarily with its Nunavut operations’ diesel fuel exposure.
       There were derivative financial instruments outstanding as at June 30, 2022 relating to 3.0 million gallons of heating oil
       (December 31, 2021 — 10.9 million). The related mark-to-market adjustments prior to settlement were recognized in the loss
       (gain) on derivative financial instruments line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income. The Company did
       not apply hedge accounting to these arrangements.



                                                                     61
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2022

    16. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

       Mark-to-market gains and losses related to heating oil derivative financial instruments are based on broker-dealer quotations that
       utilize period-end forward pricing to calculate fair value.


       Share Purchase Warrants

       The Company holds warrants to acquire equity securities of certain issuers in the mining industry. These warrants are not part of
       the Company’s core operations, and accordingly, gains and losses from these investments are not representative of the Company’s
       performance during the year.

       The following table sets out a summary of the amounts recognized in the loss (gain) on derivative financial instruments line item
       in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

                                                                                                Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
       ​                                                                                  ​ ​         June 30,     ​ ​      June 30,    ​
       ​                                                                                  ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​ 2021 ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​ 2021 ​
       Premiums realized on written foreign exchange call options                         ​ ​ ​$ (451​) ​ ​ ​$ (499​) ​ ​ ​$ (769​) ​ ​ ​$ (1,445​)
       Unrealized loss (gain) on warrants                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 21,095​ ​ ​ ​ ​(18,221​) ​ ​ ​ ​20,182​ ​ ​ ​ ​13,589​
       Realized gain on currency and commodity derivatives                                ​ ​ ​ ​(13,460)​ ​ ​ ​ ​(19,531)​ ​ ​ ​ ​(16,838)​ ​ ​ ​ ​(28,588)​
       Unrealized loss on currency and commodity derivatives                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 33,569​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 17,131​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,514​ ​ ​ ​ ​16,390​
       Loss (gain) on derivative financial instruments                                    ​ ​ ​$ 40,753​ ​ ​ ​$(21,120)​ ​ ​ $
                                                                                                                             ​ 12,089​ ​ ​ $
                                                                                                                                           ​           (54)​


    17. OTHER EXPENSES

       The following table sets out amounts recognized in the other expenses line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements
       of income:

                                                                                               Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
       ​                                                                                 ​ ​         June 30,     ​ ​      June 30,    ​
       ​                                                                                 ​ ​    2022 ​ ​ 2021 ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​ 2021 ​
       Loss on disposal of property, plant and mine development (Note 9)                 ​ ​ ​$ 2,828 ​ ​ ​ ​$ 2,565 ​ ​ ​ ​$ 3,914​ ​ ​ ​$ 4,388​
       Interest income                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​(3,770)​ ​ ​ ​ ​(1,058)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (4,975​) ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,785​)
       Temporary suspension and other costs due to COVID-19                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,710 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 3,971 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 10,752​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8,050​
       Acquisition costs (Note 5)                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​11,372 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​     — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 92,139​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,831​
       Gain on sale of exploration properties                                            ​ ​ ​​     — ​​ ​ ​ ​       — ​​ ​​ ​       —​ ​ ​ ​ ​(10,000)​
       Other                                                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,434 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 266 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,343​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (249​)
       Total other expenses                                                              ​ ​ ​$19,574 ​ ​ ​ ​$ 5,744 ​ ​ ​ $109,173
                                                                                                                           ​        ​​ ​$ ​ 3,235​

       In the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company incurred $11.3 million of transaction and severance costs in connection
       with the acquisition of Kirkland (Note 5) and in the six months ended June 30, 2022, the Company incurred $92.1 million of
       transaction and severance costs in connection with the acquisition of Kirkland (Note 5). In the three and six months ended June 30,
       2021 the Company incurred transaction costs of $2.8 million in connection with the acquisition of TMAC (Note 5).




                                                                    62
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2022

    18. SEGMENTED INFORMATION

       ​                                                      ​​                         Six Months Ended June 30, 2022                             ​
                                                                 Revenues from                               Exploration and           Segment
                                                                    Mining       Production                    Corporate               Income
       ​                                                      ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs                  ​ ​ Development ​ ​           (Loss)      ​
       Nunavut, Quebec and Europe:                            ​​ ​ ​         ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​        ​ ​​ ​           ​​          ​   ​​ ​ ​ ​       ​ ​
       LaRonde mine                                           ​ ​ ​$ 274,231 ​​ ​ ​$ (79,790) ​​ ​              ​$      —       ​​ ​ ​$ 194,441 ​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 58,388 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (33,866) ​​ ​             ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 24,522 ​
       Goldex mine                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 131,521 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (52,747) ​​ ​            ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 78,774 ​
       Meadowbank Complex                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 266,930 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (204,084) ​​ ​           ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 62,846 ​
       Meliadine mine                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 346,084       ​​ ​ ​ ​ (165,065) ​​ ​     ​​       —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 181,019    ​
       Canadian Malartic joint operation                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 297,105       ​​ ​ ​ ​ (113,342) ​​ ​     ​ ​ (11,909)    ​​ ​ ​ ​ 171,854    ​
       Kittila mine                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 216,488       ​​ ​ ​ ​ (102,766) ​​ ​     ​​       —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 113,722    ​
       Total Nunavut, Quebec and Europe                       ​ ​ ​ ​1,590,747      ​​ ​ ​ ​ (751,660) ​​ ​     ​ ​ (11,909)    ​​ ​ ​ ​ 827,178    ​

       Ontario, Australia and Mexico:                         ​​ ​ ​         ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​        ​ ​​ ​           ​​          ​   ​​ ​ ​ ​        ​ ​
       Detour Lake mine                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 600,293 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (257,394) ​​ ​           ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 342,899 ​
       Macassa mine                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 164,248 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (65,315) ​​ ​            ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 98,933 ​
       Fosterville mine                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 368,602 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (136,304) ​​ ​           ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 232,298 ​
       Pinos Altos mine                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 103,327 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (72,409) ​​ ​            ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 30,918 ​
       Creston Mascota mine                                   ​​ ​ ​     2,918      ​​ ​ ​ ​    (1,099) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​    1,819   ​
       La India mine                                          ​​ ​ ​    76,467      ​​ ​ ​ ​   (35,190) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​   41,277   ​
       Total Ontario, Australia and Mexico                    ​ ​ ​ ​1,315,855      ​​ ​ ​ ​ (567,711) ​​ ​     ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 748,144    ​
       Exploration(i)                                         ​​ ​ ​    144         ​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​        ​ ​(124,285)    ​​ ​ ​ ​ (124,141) ​
       Segment totals                                            $2,906,746
                                                              ​​ ​                       $(1,319,371
                                                                                    ​​ ​ ​           ) ​​ ​     ​$(136,194)     ​​ ​ ​$1,451,181 ​
       Total segments income                                  ​​ ​ ​             ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​            ​ ​​ ​   ​​          ​   ​​ ​ ​$ 1,451,181 ​
       Corporate and other:                                   ​​ ​ ​             ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​            ​ ​​ ​   ​​          ​   ​​ ​ ​ ​         ​ ​
         Amortization of property, plant and mine development                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ (551,800) ​
           General and administrative                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ (116,817) ​
           Finance costs                                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ (43,614) ​
           Loss on derivative financial instruments                                                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ (12,089) ​
           Foreign currency translation gain                                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 12,282 ​
           Care and maintenance                                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ (19,713) ​
           Other expenses                                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ (109,173) ​
       Income before income and mining taxes                                                                                    ​ ​ ​$ 610,257      ​
       ​




       Note:
       (i) Exploration includes the Hope Bay mine.




                                                                   63
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2022

    18. SEGMENTED INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                               Six Months Ended June 30, 2021
       ​                                                          ​​                               Restated (Notes 3 and 5)                                ​
                                                                     Revenues from                                Exploration and           Segment
                                                                        Mining       Production                     Corporate               Income
       ​                                                          ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs                   ​ ​ Development ​ ​           (Loss)        ​
       Nunavut, Quebec and Europe:                                ​​ ​ ​         ​ ​​ ​         ​​         ​ ​​ ​     ​​         ​   ​​ ​ ​ ​        ​ ​
       LaRonde mine                                               ​ ​ ​$ 320,493 ​​ ​           ​$ (111,148) ​​ ​     ​$     —       ​​ ​ ​$ 209,345 ​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 54,788 ​​ ​           ​ ​ (26,938) ​​ ​     ​​     —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 27,850 ​
       Goldex mine                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 124,394 ​​ ​          ​ ​ (47,774) ​​ ​     ​​     —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 76,620 ​
       Meadowbank Complex                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 289,709 ​​ ​          ​ ​(183,696) ​​ ​     ​​     —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 106,013 ​
       Meliadine mine                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 346,426       ​​ ​    ​ ​(125,278) ​​ ​     ​​     —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 221,148      ​
       Hope Bay mine                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 67,295        ​​ ​    ​ ​ (41,669) ​​ ​     ​​     —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 25,626       ​
       Canadian Malartic joint operation                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 332,253       ​​ ​    ​ ​(118,926) ​​ ​     ​ ​ (2,017)    ​​ ​ ​ ​ 211,310      ​
       Kittila mine                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 206,745       ​​ ​    ​ ​ (96,604) ​​ ​     ​​      —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 110,141      ​
       Total Nunavut, Quebec and Europe                           ​ ​ ​ ​1,742,103      ​​ ​    ​ ​(752,033) ​​ ​     ​ ​ (2,017)    ​​ ​ ​ ​ 988,053      ​

       Mexico:                                                    ​​ ​ ​          ​     ​​ ​    ​​         ​   ​​ ​   ​​         ​   ​​ ​ ​ ​            ​ ​
       Pinos Altos mine                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 129,674       ​​ ​    ​ ​ (71,343)   ​​ ​   ​​     —       ​​ ​ ​ ​   58,331     ​
       Creston Mascota mine                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 17,231        ​​ ​    ​ ​ (4,426)    ​​ ​   ​​     —       ​​ ​ ​ ​   12,805     ​
       La India mine                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 45,268        ​​ ​    ​ ​ (22,624)   ​​ ​   ​​     —       ​​ ​ ​ ​   22,644 ​
       Total Mexico                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 192,173       ​​ ​    ​ ​ (98,393) ​​ ​     ​​      —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 93,780 ​
       Exploration                                                ​​ ​ ​       —        ​​ ​    ​​       — ​​ ​       ​ ​
                                                                                                                        ( 66,634 )   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (66,634) ​
       Segment totals                                             ​ ​ ​$1,934,276       ​​ ​    $(850,426
                                                                                                ​          ) ​​ ​     ​$(68,651)     ​​ ​ ​$1,015,199 ​
       Total segments income                                      ​​ ​ ​             ​ ​​ ​     ​​         ​   ​​ ​   ​​         ​   ​​ ​ ​$ 1,015,199     ​
       Corporate and other:                                       ​​ ​ ​             ​ ​​ ​     ​​         ​   ​​ ​   ​​         ​   ​​ ​ ​ ​          ​   ​
           Amortization of property, plant and mine development                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ (354,739)    ​
           General and administrative                                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ (76,258)​
           Finance costs                                                                                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ (45,429) ​
           Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                                  ​​ ​ ​       54 ​
           Foreign currency translation gain                                                                                         ​​ ​ ​      638 ​
           Other expenses                                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ (3,235) ​
       Income before income and mining taxes                                                                                         ​ ​ ​$ 536,230        ​




                                                                       64
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2022

    18. SEGMENTED INFORMATION (Continued)

       The following table sets out total assets by segment:

       ​                                                                                             ​ ​           Total Assets as at          ​
                                                                                                          June 30,            December 31,
       ​                                                                                              ​ ​  2022          ​ ​       2021        ​
       ​                                                                                              ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​ Restated (Note 3) ​
       Nunavut, Quebec and Europe:                                                                    ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​     ​​           ​ ​
       Meadowbank Complex                                                                             ​ ​ ​$ 1,185,764​ ​ ​    ​$ 1,195,060 ​
       Meliadine mine                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,267,512​ ​ ​   ​ ​ 2,299,564 ​
       LaRonde mine                                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 989,425​ ​ ​     ​ ​ 946,218 ​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                            ​ ​​ ​   102,665​ ​ ​    ​​    93,699       ​
       Goldex mine                                                                                    ​ ​​ ​   322,933​ ​ ​    ​​   315,266       ​
       Canadian Malartic joint operation                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,521,382​ ​ ​   ​ ​ 1,508,675      ​
       Kittila mine                                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,602,248​ ​ ​   ​ ​ 1,600,278      ​
       Total Nunavut, Quebec and Europe                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,991,929​ ​ ​   ​ ​ 7,958,760      ​

       Ontario, Australia and Mexico:                                                                 ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​    ​​               ​ ​
       Detour Lake mine                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,229,690​ ​ ​   ​​         —       ​
       Macassa mine                                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,963,592​ ​ ​   ​​         —       ​
       Fosterville mine                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,680,290​ ​ ​   ​​         —       ​
       Pinos Altos mine                                                                               ​ ​​ ​   456,127​ ​ ​    ​​   466,334       ​
       La India mine                                                                                  ​ ​​ ​   229,086​ ​ ​    ​​   233,376       ​
       Creston Mascota mine                                                                           ​ ​​ ​      4,601​ ​ ​   ​​       5,068     ​
       Total Ontario, Australia and Mexico                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​11,563,386​ ​ ​   ​​   704,778       ​
       Non-Operating properties                                                                       ​ ​​ ​   264,716​ ​ ​    ​​       4,015     ​
       Exploration                                                                                    ​ ​​ ​   806,299​ ​ ​    ​​   959,005       ​
       Corporate and other(i)                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,559,778​ ​ ​   ​ ​ 589,532        ​
       Total assets                                                                                   ​ ​ ​$23,186,108​ ​ ​    ​$10,216,090       ​
       ​




       Note:
       (i) Preliminary goodwill related to the Kirkland acquisition (Note 5) has not been allocated to individual CGU’s as at June 30,
           2022 and is presented within the Corporate and other line item in the above table. The allocation of goodwill will be
           completed when the purchase price allocation is finalized.

    19. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

       As part of its ongoing business and operations, the Company has been required to provide assurance in the form of letters of credit
       for environmental and site restoration costs, custom credits, government grants and other general corporate purposes. As at
       June 30, 2022, the total amount of these guarantees was $660.1 million.

       As at June 30, 2022 the Company had $179.2 million of commitments related to capital expenditures.

    20. ONGOING LITIGATION

       Kirkland

       Effective as of February 8, 2022, the Company acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Kirkland (Note 5). Kirkland had
       previously disclosed the existence of certain contingent liabilities relating to outstanding litigation matters involving Kirkland
       and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries, some of which were amalgamated as part of a pre-closing corporate reorganization
       completed in early February 2022. These litigation matters remain outstanding following the acquisition, and management
       continues to believe that the claims have no merit and will be defended. In both cases, no amounts have been recorded for any
       potential liability and the Company believes that the likelihood of loss is undeterminable at this point.

       On August 16, 2021, and as subsequently amended in November 2021, International Royalty Corporation (“IRC”) filed a notice of
       action against Newmont Canada Corporation, Newmont Corporation, Newmont Canada FN Holdings ULC (collectively referred



                                                                    65
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
         NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
         (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                      (Unaudited)
                                                     June 30, 2022

    20. ONGOING LITIGATION (Continued)

       to herein as “Newmont Entities”) and Kirkland and St. Andrew Goldfields (collectively, the “Kirkland Entities”), on a joint and
       several basis. In the claim, IRC is alleging that the Newmont Entities and Kirkland Entities have conducted their affairs in a
       manner that is oppressive or unfairly prejudicial to IRC by depriving IRC of certain royalty payments on the Holt Property which
       is owned by the Company. The Company filed a motion for summary judgement which was heard in March 2022. No decision has
       been issued.

       The Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, Kirkland is the defendant in two putative class action complaints filed on June 29, 2020
       and July 17, 2020 (and subsequently amended) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the
       “Court”). The complaints allege that during the period from January 8, 2018 and November 25, 2019, Kirkland and Kirkland’s
       former chief executive officer violated the United States securities laws by misrepresenting or failing to disclose material
       information regarding Kirkland’s acquisition of Detour Gold Corporation (“Detour”) which successfully closed in January 2020.

       Following motions filed by both individual complainants, the Court entered an order on September 24, 2020 appointing one lead
       plaintiff and one lead counsel. On January 22, 2021, Kirkland filed a motion to dismiss. On September 30, 2021, the Court
       dismissed several of the plaintiff’s claims against Kirkland. The Company continues to believe that the one outstanding claim is
       without merit.

       Kittila permits

       In 2020, the Regional State Administrative Agency of Northern Finland granted Agnico Eagle Finland Oy (“Agnico Finland”)
       environmental and water permits that would allow Agnico Finland to enlarge the CIL2 tailings storage facility, expand the
       operations of the Kittila mine to 2.0 Mtpa and build a new discharge waterline. The permits were subsequently appealed to the
       Vaasa Administrative Court in Finland. The appeals were granted, in part, in July 2022 with the result that the permits were
       returned for reconsideration by the Regional State Administrative Agency of Northern Finland.

       The Company is evaluating the decisions of the Vaasa Administrative Court to determine the impact they may have on operations
       at the Kittila mine. In addition, the Company will appeal the decisions of the Vaasa Administrative Court to the Supreme
       Administrative Court of Finland in early August. The Company intends to continue to operate at current levels while it
       communicates with relevant regulatory authorities and other stakeholders to determine additional next steps regarding these
       permits.

    21. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

       Dividends Declared

       On July 27, 2022, Agnico Eagle announced that the Board approved the payment of a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per
       common share (a total value of approximately $182.3 million), payable on September 15, 2022 to holders of record of the common
       shares of the Company on September 1, 2022.




                                                                   66
​




    [MISSING IMAGE: lg_agnicoeagle-
                bw.jpg]
