EX-99.2 3 a2219161zex-99_2.htm EX-99.2
QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document
                                                                         Exhibit 99.2

                                                     LOGO




           Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
                      (Prepared in accordance with United States GAAP)
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON
INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
To the Board of Directors (the "Board") and Shareholders of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited:

We have audited Agnico Eagle Mines Limited's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on
criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission in 1992 (the "COSO criteria"). Agnico Eagle Mines Limited's management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting included in the accompanying management certification report on internal control over financial
reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Agnico Eagle Mines Limited's internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that revenues and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, Agnico Eagle Mines Limited maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2013 based on the COSO criteria.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
the consolidated balance sheets of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, and the
consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013, and our report dated March 21, 2014 expressed an unqualified
opinion thereon.

                                                                                                        /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP
Toronto, Canada                                                                                             Chartered Accountants
March 21, 2014                                                                                       Licensed Public Accountants

2    AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MANAGEMENT CERTIFICATION
Management of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (the "Company") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by the Company's Board,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

The Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013. In making this assessment,
the Company's management used the criteria outlined by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued in 1992. Based on its assessment, management concluded
that, as of December 31, 2013, the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective.

The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by
Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that appears herein.


Toronto, Canada                                                 By   /s/ SEAN BOYD
March 21, 2014
                                                                     Sean Boyd
                                                                     Vice Chairman, President and
                                                                     Chief Executive Officer

                                                                By   /s/ DAVID SMITH

                                                                     David Smith
                                                                     Senior Vice-President, Finance and
                                                                     Chief Financial Officer

                                                                                                      AGNICO EAGLE              3
                                                                  ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board and Shareholders of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited as of December 31, 2013
and December 31, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss),
shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 and the consolidated results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013 in conformity with
United States generally accepted accounting principles.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
Agnico Eagle Mines Limited's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established
in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission in 1992 and our report dated March 21, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

                                                                                                        /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP
Toronto, Canada                                                                                             Chartered Accountants
March 21, 2014                                                                                       Licensed Public Accountants

4    AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

These consolidated financial statements of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited ("Agnico Eagle" or the "Company") are expressed in
thousands of United States dollars ("US dollars", "US$" or "$"), except where noted, and have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("US GAAP"). Certain information in the consolidated financial
statements is presented in Canadian dollars ("C$"). As a precise determination of assets and liabilities depends on future
events, the preparation of consolidated financial statements for a period necessarily involves the use of estimates and
approximations. Actual results may differ from such estimates and approximations. The consolidated financial statements
have, in management's opinion, been prepared within reasonable limits of materiality and within the framework of the
significant accounting policies referred to below.

Basis of consolidation

These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries and entities
in which it has a controlling financial interest, after the elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions. The Company
has a controlling financial interest if it owns a majority of the outstanding voting common stock or has significant control over
an entity through contractual arrangements or economic interests of which the Company is the primary beneficiary.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and short-term investments in money market instruments with remaining
maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. Short-term investments are designated as held to maturity for
accounting purposes and are carried at amortized cost, which approximates market value given the short-term nature of these
investments. Agnico Eagle places its cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments in high quality securities issued
by government agencies, financial institutions and major corporations and limits the amount of credit exposure by diversifying
its holdings.

Inventories

Inventories consist of ore stockpiles, concentrates, dore bars and supplies. Inventory amounts are reduced based on average
cost or in the case of supplies, the lower of average cost and replacement cost. The current portion of stockpiles, ore on leach
pads and inventories are determined based on the expected amounts to be processed within the next twelve months.
Stockpiles, ore on leach pads and inventories not expected to be processed or used within the next twelve months are
classified as long term.

Ore Stockpiles

Stockpiles consist of coarse ore that has been mined and hoisted from underground or delivered from an open pit that is
available for further processing and in-stope ore inventory in the form of drilled and blasted stopes ready to be mucked and
hoisted to the surface. The stockpiles are measured by estimating the tonnage, contained ounces (based on assays) and
recovery percentages (based on actual recovery rates for processing similar ore). Specific tonnages are verified and
compared to original estimates once the stockpile is milled. Ore stockpiles are valued at the lower of net realizable value and
mining costs incurred up to the point of stockpiling the ore. The net realizable value of stockpiled ore is calculated by
subtracting the estimated future processing and selling costs from the estimated revenue from the ore, which is based on the
estimated tonnage and grade of stockpiled ore.

Mining costs include all costs associated with mining operations and are allocated to each tonne of stockpiled ore. Costs fully
absorbed into inventory values include direct and indirect materials and consumables, direct labour, utilities and amortization
of mining assets incurred up to the point of stockpiling the ore. Royalty expenses and production taxes are included in
production costs, but are not capitalized into inventory. Stockpiles are generally processed within twelve months of extraction,
with certain exceptions. Due to the structure of certain ore bodies, a significant amount of drilling and blasting may be
undertaken in the early years of a mine's life, which can result in a long-term stockpile. The decision to process stockpiled ore
is based on a net smelter return analysis. The Company processes its stockpiled ore if its estimated revenue, on a per tonne
basis and net of estimated smelting and refining costs, is greater than the related mining and milling costs. The Company has
never elected to not process stockpiled ore and does not anticipate departing from this practice in the future. Stockpiled ore on
the surface is exposed to the elements, but the Company does not expect its condition to deteriorate significantly as a result.

                                                                                                       AGNICO EAGLE                 5
                                                                   ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Pre-production stripping costs are capitalized until an "other than de minimis" level of mineral is produced, after which time
such costs are either capitalized to inventory or expensed. The Company considers various relevant criteria to assess when
an "other than de minimis" level of mineral is produced. The criteria considered include: (1) the number of ounces mined
compared to total ounces in mineral reserves; (2) the quantity of ore mined compared to the total quantity of ore expected to
be mined over the life of the mine; (3) the current stripping ratio compared to the expected stripping ratio over the life of the
mine; and (4) the ore grade compared to the expected ore grade over the life of the mine.

Major development expenditures, including stripping costs to prepare unique and identifiable areas outside the current mining
area for future production that are considered to be pre-production mine development, are capitalized.

Concentrates and dore bars

Concentrate and dore bar inventories consist of concentrates and dore bars for which legal title has not yet passed to third-
party smelters. Concentrate and dore bar inventories are measured based on assays of the processed concentrates and are
valued based on the lower of net realizable value and the fully absorbed mining and milling costs associated with extracting
and processing the ore.

Supplies

Supplies, consisting of mine stores inventory, are valued at the lower of average cost and replacement cost.

Mining properties, plant and equipment and mine development costs

Significant payments related to the acquisition of land and mineral rights are capitalized as mining properties at cost. If a
mineable ore body is discovered, such costs are amortized to income when production begins, using the units-of-production
method, based on estimated proven and probable mineral reserves. If no mineable ore body is discovered, such costs are
expensed in the period in which it is determined that the property has no future economic value.

Expenditures for new facilities and improvements that can extend the useful lives of existing facilities are capitalized as plant
and equipment at cost. Interest costs incurred for the construction of significant projects are capitalized.

Mine development costs incurred after the commencement of production are capitalized or deferred to the extent that these
costs benefit the mining of the entire ore body. Costs incurred to access single ore blocks are expensed as incurred;
otherwise, such vertical and horizontal development is classified as mine development costs.

Agnico Eagle records amortization on mine development costs used in commercial production on a units-of-production basis
based on the estimated tonnage of proven and probable mineral reserves of the mine. The units-of-production method defines
the denominator as the total tonnage of proven and probable mineral reserves. Plant and equipment is amortized on a
straight-line basis over its specifically identified useful life.

Repairs and maintenance expenditures are charged to income as production costs. Assets under construction are not
depreciated until the end of the construction period. Upon achieving commercial production, the capitalized construction costs
are transferred to the appropriate category of plant and equipment.

Mineral exploration costs are charged to income in the year in which they are incurred. When it is determined that a mining
property can be economically developed as a result of established proven and probable mineral reserves, the costs of drilling
and development to further delineate the ore body on such property are capitalized. The establishment of proven and
probable mineral reserves is based on results of final feasibility studies that indicate whether a property is economically
feasible. Upon commencement of the commercial production of a development project, these costs are transferred to the
appropriate asset category and are amortized to income using the methodology described above. Mine development costs,
net of salvage values, relating to a property that is abandoned or considered uneconomic for the foreseeable future are
written off.

The carrying values of mining properties, plant and equipment and mine development costs are periodically reviewed for
possible impairment, when impairment factors exist, based on the future undiscounted net cash flows of the operating mine or
development property. If it is determined that the estimated net recoverable amount is less than the carrying value, then a
write down to the estimated fair value amount is made with a charge to income. Estimated future cash flows of operating
mines and development properties include estimates of recoverable ounces of gold based on proven and probable mineral
reserves. To the extent that economic value exists beyond the proven and probable mineral reserves of an operating mine or
development property, this value is included as part of the estimated future cash flows. Estimated

6    AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
future cash flows also involve estimates regarding metal prices (considering current and historical prices, price trends and
related factors), production levels, capital and reclamation costs, and related income and mining taxes, all based on detailed
life-of-mine plans. Cash flows are subject to risks and uncertainties and changes in the estimates of the cash flows may affect
the recoverability of long-lived assets.

Goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method whereby assets acquired and liabilities assumed are
recorded at their fair values as of the date of acquisition and any excess of the purchase price over such fair values is
recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized.

The Company performs goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis as well as when events and circumstances indicate that
the carrying amounts may no longer be recoverable. In performing the impairment tests, the Company estimates the fair
values of its reporting units that include goodwill and compares those fair values to each reporting unit's carrying amount. If a
reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, the Company compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's
goodwill to the carrying amount and any excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over the implied fair value is charged
to income.

Financial instruments

Agnico Eagle uses derivative financial instruments (primarily option and forward contracts) to manage exposure to fluctuations
in byproduct metal prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates and may use such means to manage exposure
to certain input costs. Agnico Eagle does not hold financial instruments or derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

The Company recognizes all derivative financial instruments in the consolidated financial statements at fair value regardless
of the purpose or intent for holding the instrument. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are either
recognized periodically in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) or in shareholders'
equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, depending on the nature of the derivative financial
instrument and whether it qualifies for hedge accounting. Financial instruments designated as hedges are tested for
effectiveness on a quarterly basis. Gains and losses on those contracts that are proven to be effective are reported as a
component of the related transaction.

Revenue recognition

Revenue is recognized when the following conditions are met:

              (a)    persuasive evidence of an arrangement to purchase exists;

              (b)    the price is determinable;

              (c)    the product has been delivered; and

              (d)    collection of the sales price is reasonably assured.

Revenue from gold and silver in the form of dore bars is recorded when the refined gold or silver is sold and delivered to the
customer. Generally, all the gold and silver in the form of dore bars recovered in the Company's milling process is sold in the
period in which it is produced.

Under the terms of the Company's concentrate sales contracts with third-party smelters, final prices for the metals contained
in the concentrate are determined based on the prevailing spot market metal prices on a specified future date, which is
established as of the date that the concentrate is delivered to the smelter. The Company records revenues under these
contracts based on forward prices at the time of delivery, which is when transfer of legal title to concentrate passes to the
third-party smelters. The terms of the contracts result in differences between the recorded estimated price at delivery and the
final settlement price. These differences are adjusted through revenue at each subsequent financial statement date.

Revenues from mining operations consist of gold revenues, net of smelting, refining, transportation and other marketing
charges. Revenues from byproduct metals sales are shown net of smelter charges as part of revenues from mining
operations.
                                    AGNICO EAGLE   7
ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Foreign currency translation

The functional currency for each of the Company's operations is the US dollar. Monetary assets and liabilities of Agnico
Eagle's operations denominated in a currency other than the US dollar are translated into US dollars using the exchange rate
in effect at period end. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical exchange rates, while revenues and
expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period, with the exception of amortization, which is
translated at historical exchange rates. Exchange gains and losses are included in income, except for gains and losses on
foreign currency contracts used to hedge specific future commitments in foreign currencies. Gains and losses on these
contracts are accounted for as a component of the related hedge transactions.

Reclamation costs

On an annual basis, the Company assesses cost estimates and other assumptions used in the valuation of asset retirement
obligations ("AROs") at each of its mineral properties to reflect events, changes in circumstances and new information
available. Changes in these cost estimates and assumptions have a corresponding impact on the fair value of the AROs. For
closed mines, any change in the fair value of AROs results in a corresponding charge or credit to income, whereas at
operating mines the charge is recorded as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the corresponding asset.

AROs arise from the acquisition, development, construction and operation of mining properties and plant and equipment due
to government controls and regulations that protect the environment on the closure and reclamation of mining properties. The
major parts of the carrying amount of AROs relate to tailings and heap leach pad closure and rehabilitation, demolition of
buildings and mine facilities, ongoing water treatment and ongoing care and maintenance of closed mines. The fair values of
AROs are measured by discounting the expected cash flows using a discount factor that reflects the credit-adjusted risk-free
rate of interest. The Company prepares estimates of the timing and amount of expected cash flows when an ARO is incurred.
Expected cash flows are updated to reflect changes in facts and circumstances. The principal factors that can cause expected
cash flows to change are the construction of new processing facilities, changes in the quantities of material in proven and
probable mineral reserves and a corresponding change in the life-of-mine plan, changing ore characteristics that impact
required environmental protection measures and related costs, changes in water quality that impact the extent of water
treatment required and changes in laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. When expected cash
flows increase, the revised cash flows are discounted using a current discount factor, whereas when expected cash flows
decrease, the reduced cash flows are discounted using the historical discount factor used in the original estimation of the
expected cash flows. In either case, any change in the fair value of the ARO is recorded. Agnico Eagle records the fair value
of an ARO when it is incurred. AROs are adjusted to reflect the passage of time (accretion), which is calculated by applying
the discount factor implicit in the initial fair value measurement to the beginning of period carrying amount of the AROs. For
producing mines, accretion expense is recorded in the cost of goods sold each period. Upon settlement of an ARO, Agnico
Eagle records a gain or loss if the actual cost differs from the carrying amount of the ARO. Settlement gains/losses are
recorded in income.

Environmental remediation liabilities ("ERLs") are differentiated from AROs in that they do not arise from environmental
contamination in the normal operation of a long-lived asset or from a legal obligation to treat environmental contamination
resulting from the acquisition, construction or development of a long-lived asset. The Company is required to recognize a
liability for obligations associated with ERLs arising from past acts. ERL fair value is measured by discounting the expected
related cash flows using a discount factor that reflects the credit-adjusted risk-free rate of interest. The Company prepares
estimates of the timing and amount of expected cash flows when an ERL is incurred. On an annual basis, the Company
assesses cost estimates and other assumptions used in the valuation of ERLs to reflect events, changes in circumstances
and new information available. Changes in these cost estimates and assumptions have a corresponding impact on the fair
value of the ERL. Any change in the fair value of ERLs results in a corresponding charge or credit to income. Upon settlement
of an ERL, Agnico Eagle records a gain or loss if the actual cost differs from the carrying amount of the ERL. Settlement
gains/losses are recorded in income.

Other environmental remediation costs that are not AROs or ERLs as defined by the Financial Accounting Standards Board's
Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 410-20 – Asset Retirement Obligations and 410-30 – Environmental Obligations,
respectively, are expensed as incurred.

Income and mining taxes

Agnico Eagle follows the liability method of tax allocation in accounting for income taxes. Under this method of tax allocation,
deferred income and mining tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws expected to be in
effect when the temporary differences are expected to reverse.

8    AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company's operations involve dealing with uncertainties and judgments in the application of complex tax regulations in
multiple jurisdictions. The final taxes paid are dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxation authorities in
various jurisdictions and resolution of disputes arising from federal, provincial, state and international tax audits. The Company
recognizes the effect of uncertain tax positions and records tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in Canada and other
tax jurisdictions where it is more likely than not based on technical merits that the position would not be sustained. The
Company recognizes the amount of any tax benefits that have a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being ultimately
realized upon settlement.

Changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions are recognized in the year of such
change. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in income tax expense. The
Company adjusts these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances. However, due to the complexity of some of
these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the Company's estimate of
the tax liabilities. If the Company's estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional
charge to expense would result. If the estimate of tax liabilities proves to be greater than the ultimate assessment, a tax
benefit would result.

Stock-based compensation

The Company's Employee Stock Option Plan provides for the granting of options to directors, officers, employees and service
providers to purchase common shares. Options have exercise prices equal to the market price on the day prior to the date of
grant. The fair value of these options is recognized in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive
income (loss) or in the consolidated balance sheets if capitalized as part of property, plant and mine development over the
applicable vesting period as a compensation cost. Any consideration paid by employees on exercise of options or purchase of
common shares is credited to share capital.

Fair value is determined using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which requires the Company to estimate the
expected volatility of the Company's share price and the expected life of the stock options. Limitations with existing option
valuation models and the inherent difficulties associated with estimating these variables create difficulties in determining a
reliable single measure of the fair value of stock option grants. The dilutive impact of stock option grants is factored into the
Company's reported diluted net income (loss) per share.

Net income (loss) per share

Basic net income (loss) per share is calculated on net income (loss) for the year using the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the year. The weighted average number of common shares used to determine diluted net
income (loss) per share includes an adjustment, using the treasury stock method, for stock options outstanding and warrants
outstanding. Under the treasury stock method:

       •      the exercise of options or warrants is assumed to occur at the beginning of the period (or date of issuance,
              if later);

       •      the proceeds from the exercise of options or warrants plus the future period compensation expense on options
              granted are assumed to be used to purchase common shares at the average market price during the
              period; and

       •      the incremental number of common shares is (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued
              and the number of shares assumed purchased) is included in the denominator of the diluted net income (loss)
              per share calculation.

Pension costs and obligations and post-retirement benefits

In Canada, Agnico Eagle maintains a defined contribution plan covering all of its employees (the "Basic Plan"). The Basic Plan
is funded by Company contributions based on a percentage of income for services rendered by employees. In addition, the
Company has a supplemental plan for designated executives at the level of Vice-President or above (the "Supplemental
Plan"). Under the Supplemental Plan, an additional 10% of the designated executives' income is contributed by the Company.
The Company does not offer any other post-retirement benefits to its employees.

Agnico Eagle also provides a non-registered supplementary executive retirement defined benefit plan for certain senior
officers (the "Executives Plan"). The Executives Plan benefits are generally based on the employee's years of service and
level of compensation. Pension expense related to the Executives Plan is the net of the cost of benefits provided, the interest
cost of projected benefits, return on plan assets and amortization of experience gains and losses. Pension fund assets are
measured at current fair values. Actuarially determined plan surpluses or deficits, experience gains or losses and the cost of
pension plan improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected average remaining service life of the
employee group.

                                                                                                    AGNICO EAGLE           9
                                                                ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Commercial production

The Company assesses each mine construction project to determine when a mine moves into the production stage. The
criteria used to assess the start date are determined based on the nature of each mine construction project, such as the
complexity of a plant and its location. The Company considers various relevant criteria to assess when the mine is
substantially complete and ready for its intended use and moved into the production stage. The criteria considered include:
(1) the completion of a reasonable period of testing of mine plant and equipment; (2) the ability to produce minerals in
saleable form (within specifications); and (3) the ability to sustain ongoing production of minerals. When a mine construction
project moves into the production stage, the capitalization of certain mine construction costs ceases and costs are either
capitalized to inventories or expensed, except for sustaining capital costs related to mining properties, plant and equipment or
mine development.

OTHER ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS

Recently adopted accounting pronouncements

Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities

In November 2011, ASC guidance was issued relating to disclosure on offsetting financial instrument and derivative financial
instrument assets and liabilities. Under the updated guidance, entities are required to disclose gross information and net
information about both instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the consolidated balance sheets and instruments and
transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. The Company adopted this updated guidance,
effective for the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2013. See notes 4 and 15 for disclosure on offsetting financial instrument and
derivative financial instrument assets and liabilities.

Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

In February 2013, ASC guidance was issued relating to the reporting of amounts reclassified out of accumulated other
comprehensive loss. Under the updated guidance, entities are required to provide information about the amounts reclassified
out of accumulated other comprehensive loss by component and by consolidated statement of income (loss) line item, as
required under US GAAP. The Company adopted this updated guidance, effective for the fiscal year beginning January 1,
2013. See the Company's consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for reporting of
amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Developments

Under Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Staff Accounting Bulletin 74, the Company is required to disclose
information related to new accounting standards that have not yet been adopted. Agnico Eagle has evaluated newly issued
accounting standards that have not yet been adopted and does not expect them to significantly impact the Company's
consolidated financial statements.

International Financial Reporting Standards

As permitted by both the SEC in the United States and the Canadian Securities Administrators ("CSA") in Canada, Agnico
Eagle currently prepares and files its consolidated financial statements in accordance with US GAAP. Generally accepted
accounting principles for Canadian publicly accountable enterprises became International Financial Reporting Standards
("IFRS") in 2011 and the SEC now accepts financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS without reconciliation to US
GAAP from foreign private issuers. Accordingly, Agnico Eagle has decided to convert its basis of accounting to IFRS to
enhance the comparability of its financial statements to the Company's peers in the mining industry.

The Company has commenced the process of converting its basis of accounting from US GAAP to IFRS with a transition date
of January 1, 2013. Agnico Eagle anticipates reporting under IFRS for interim and annual periods beginning in the third
quarter of 2014, with comparative information restated under IFRS.

The adoption of IFRS may require the Company to make changes in accounting policies that may have an impact on its
reported financial position and results of operations. Where accounting policy alternatives are available, Agnico Eagle's
primary objective will be the selection of IFRS accounting policies that provide meaningful and transparent information to
shareholders.

10   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company has developed a detailed IFRS conversion plan which includes the following three phases and the key activities
to be performed in each phase:

       •      Assessment phase: During this now completed phase, the Company established a steering committee and
              IFRS working group, developed a detailed project plan, designed and implemented internal controls over the
              IFRS conversion plan and evaluated the high level differences between US GAAP and IFRS that may have an
              impact on the Company.

       •      Impact analysis and design phase: This phase involves the detailed analysis and quantification of the
              differences between Agnico Eagle's accounting policies under US GAAP and IFRS, the selection of IFRS
              accounting policies, the assessment of the impact on financial information systems and the development of a
              strategy for capturing IFRS comparative financial information, the incorporation of IFRS accounting policy and
              process changes into the Company's internal controls, the assessment of contractual arrangements and
              budgeting processes for IFRS conversion impacts and the provision of technical training to key finance and
              other personnel. This phase is in process and is expected to be completed during the second quarter of 2014.

       •      Implementation phase: This phase involves the implementation of changes to the Company's accounting
              policies and business processes as identified through the impact analysis and design phase and the revision of
              the Company's Accounting Policies and Procedures Manual to reflect these changes. The implementation phase
              will culminate in the preparation of IFRS consolidated financial statements including first-time adoption
              reconciliations from US GAAP in the third quarter of 2014.

Significant identified differences between US GAAP and IFRS and available IFRS accounting policy choices that may have an
impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements are outlined below. These differences should not be regarded as a
complete list of changes that will result from the transition to IFRS, rather they encompass management's high level
evaluation of significant differences between US GAAP and IFRS and available IFRS accounting policy choices as they
currently exist. At this stage in the IFRS conversion plan, the Company has not quantified the anticipated impact of these
differences on our consolidated financial statements nor has the Company selected the IFRS accounting policies it will adopt.

First-time adoption of IFRS

IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS 1") provides guidance for an entity's initial
adoption of IFRS. IFRS 1 generally requires that IFRS effective at the end of an entity's first IFRS reporting period be applied
retrospectively, with specific mandatory exceptions and certain optional exemptions. In accordance with its IFRS conversion
plan, Agnico Eagle's first IFRS reporting period will be the third quarter of 2014.

Impairment

Under US GAAP, a two-step approach is used for long-lived asset impairment testing whereby long-lived assets are first
tested for recoverability based on their expected undiscounted cash flows. If a long-lived asset's expected undiscounted cash
flow exceeds the recorded carrying amount, no impairment charge is required. If the expected undiscounted cash flow is lower
than the recorded carrying amount, the long-lived assets are written down to their estimated fair value. US GAAP does not
permit the reversal of impairment losses.

Under IFRS, IAS 36 Impairment of Assets ("IAS 36") prescribes a one-step approach for asset impairment testing and
measurement whereby an asset's recoverable amount is compared directly against its recorded carrying amount. Under
IAS 36, an asset's recoverable amount is determined as the higher of the estimated fair value less costs to sell or value in use
(which is measured using discounted cash flows). If an asset's recoverable amount is less than the recorded carrying amount,
an impairment charge is required. IAS 36 also requires the reversal of previously recorded impairment losses where
circumstances have changed such that the impairments have been reduced.

The difference in the approach to asset impairment testing and measurement may result in more frequent impairment charges
under IFRS, where asset carrying values previously supported under US GAAP on an undiscounted cash flow basis cannot be
supported on a discounted cash flow basis. However, the impact of any additional asset impairments recorded under IFRS
may be partially offset by the requirement to reverse previously recorded impairment losses where circumstances
have changed.

                                                                                                      AGNICO EAGLE            11
                                                                  ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Production stripping costs

Under US GAAP, the cost of removing overburden and waste materials to expose ore and access mineral deposits for
extraction during the production phase of a surface mine ("production stripping costs") are accounted for as production costs
and are included in the cost of the inventory produced during the period in which the stripping costs are incurred.

Under IFRS, IFRIC Interpretation 20 Stripping Costs in the Production Phase of a Surface Mine ("IFRIC 20") requires that
production stripping costs relating to improved access to ore be capitalized as part of a non-current stripping activity asset if
probable future economic benefits will be realized, the costs can be reliably measured and the component of an ore body for
which access has been improved can be identified. To the extent that ore is extracted and inventory is produced in the current
period, IFRIC 20 instead prescribes that production stripping costs be accounted for as part of the cost of the inventory
produced.

The difference in approach to accounting for production stripping costs will result in a decrease in direct production costs and
an increase in amortization expense relating to the recognition of non-current stripping activity assets under IFRS.

Exploration and evaluation

Under US GAAP, the Company accounts for exploration and evaluation ("E&E") expenditures as current period operating
expenses until it is determined that a mining property can be economically developed as a result of established proven and
probable reserves. Once proven and probable reserves are established based on the results of a final feasibility study, the
costs of drilling and development to further delineate the ore body are capitalized.

IFRS 6 Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources ("IFRS 6") provides guidance related to expenditures incurred
during the E&E phase. IFRS 6 requires entities to select and consistently apply an accounting policy that specifies which
expenditures are capitalized as E&E assets. However, IFRS 6 provides no specific guidance as to when E&E expenditures
are to be capitalized.

Agnico Eagle is in the process of defining the E&E phase within the context of IFRS 6 and developing an accounting policy
that outlines the point at which specific types of E&E expenditures will be capitalized.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue recognition criteria under IAS 18 Revenue ("IAS 18") include the probability that economic benefits associated with
the transaction will flow to the entity and that the revenue can be measured reliably. The Company does not expect that the
point at which it recognizes revenue will change under IFRS.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Under IFRS, IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment requires the separate identification and measurement of significant
individual components of property, plant and equipment, with individual components depreciated based on their individual
useful lives. The Company identified significant individual components of property, plant and equipment under US GAAP in
2013 and will assess whether an adjustment relating to the retrospective application and depreciation of these components is
required to its opening January 1, 2013 balance sheet under IFRS.

COMPARATIVE FIGURES

Certain figures in the comparative consolidated financial statements have been reclassified from statements previously
presented to conform to the presentation of the 2013 consolidated financial statements.

12   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(thousands of United States dollars, except share amounts, US GAAP basis)
                                                                             As at December 31,

                                                                                2013            2012

ASSETS

Current

  Cash and cash equivalents                                            $     139,101    $    298,068

  Short-term investments                                                       2,217           8,490

  Restricted cash (note 14)                                                   28,723          25,450

  Trade receivables (notes 1 and 4)                                           67,300          67,750

  Inventories:

     Ore stockpiles                                                           39,941          52,342

     Concentrates and dore bars                                               58,543          69,695

     Supplies                                                                253,160         222,630

  Income taxes recoverable (note 9)                                           18,682          19,313

  Available-for-sale securities (notes 2(b) and 4)                            74,581          44,719

  Fair value of derivative financial instruments (notes 4 and 15)              5,590            2,112

  Other current assets (note 2(a))                                           116,993          92,977

Total current assets                                                         804,831         903,546

Other assets (note 2(c))                                                      66,394          55,838

Goodwill (notes 10 and 19)                                                    39,017         229,279

Property, plant and mine development (note 3)                               4,049,117       4,067,456

                                                                       $    4,959,359   $   5,256,119



LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current

  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (note 11)                   $     173,374    $    185,329

  Reclamation provision (note 6(a))                                            3,452          16,816

  Dividends payable                                                                –          37,905
   Interest payable (note 5)                                                                            13,803             13,602

   Income taxes payable (note 9)                                                                         7,523             10,061

   Capital lease obligations (note 13(a))                                                               12,035             12,955

   Fair value of derivative financial instruments (notes 4 and 15)                                         467                277

Total current liabilities                                                                             210,654             276,945

Long-term debt (note 5)                                                                             1,000,000             830,000

Reclamation provision and other liabilities (note 6)                                                  178,236             127,735

Deferred income and mining tax liabilities (note 9)                                                   593,320             611,227



SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Common shares (notes 7(a), 7(b) and 7(c)):

   Outstanding – 174,181,163 common shares issued, less 227,188 shares held in trust                3,294,007            3,241,922

Stock options (note 8(a))                                                                             174,470             148,032

Warrants (note 7(b))                                                                                          –            24,858

Contributed surplus                                                                                     37,254             15,665

Retained earnings (deficit)                                                                          (513,441)              7,046

Accumulated other comprehensive loss (note 7(d))                                                       (15,141)            (27,311)

Total shareholders' equity                                                                          2,977,149            3,410,212

                                                                                              $     4,959,359        $   5,256,119

Contingencies and commitments (notes 6, 9, 12, 13(b) and 21)


On behalf of the Board:

                                GRAPHIC                                                        GRAPHIC



                      Sean Boyd CPA, CA, Director                                  Mel Leiderman CPA, CA, Director

                                                       See accompanying notes

                                                                                                         AGNICO EAGLE           13
                                                                     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(LOSS)
(thousands of United States dollars, except per share amounts, US GAAP basis)
                                                                                Year ended December 31,

                                                                              2013             2012             2011

REVENUES

Revenues from mining operations (note 1)                              $   1,638,406    $   1,917,714    $   1,821,799


COSTS, EXPENSES AND OTHER INCOME

Production(i)                                                              924,927          897,712          876,078

Exploration and corporate development                                       44,236          109,500           75,721

Amortization of property, plant and mine development (note 3)              296,078          271,861          261,781

General and administrative (note 16)                                       115,800          119,085          107,926

Impairment loss on available-for-sale securities (notes 2(b) and 4)         34,272           12,732             8,569

Provincial capital tax                                                       (1,504)          4,001             9,223

Interest expense (note 5)                                                   57,999           57,887           55,039

Interest and sundry expense                                                   8,824           2,389             5,188

(Gain) loss on derivative financial instruments (note 15)                    (1,509)            819            (3,683)

Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities (note 2(b))                       (74)          (9,733)          (4,907)

Impairment loss (note 18)                                                  537,227                 –         907,681

Loss on Goldex mine (note 17)                                                     –                –         302,893

Foreign currency translation (gain) loss                                     (7,188)         16,320            (1,082)

Income (loss) before income and mining taxes                               (370,682)        435,141          (778,628)

Income and mining taxes expense (recovery) (note 9)                         35,844          124,225          (209,673)

Net income (loss) for the year                                        $    (406,526) $      310,916     $    (568,955)

Attributed to non-controlling interest                                $           –    $           –    $         (60)

Attributed to common shareholders                                     $    (406,526) $      310,916     $    (568,895)

Net income (loss) per share – basic (note 7(e))                       $       (2.35) $          1.82    $       (3.36)
Net income (loss) per share – diluted (note 7(e))                                    $      (2.35) $        1.81    $      (3.36)

Cash dividends declared per common share (note 7(a))                                 $       0.66    $      1.02    $          –



COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

Net income (loss) for the year                                                       $   (406,526) $     310,916    $   (568,955)

Other comprehensive income (loss):

      Available-for-sale securities and other investments:

        Unrealized loss                                                                   (22,553)       (27,029)        (35,444)

        Reclassification to impairment loss on available-for-sale securities
        (notes 2(b) and 4)                                                                34,272          12,732           8,569

        Reclassification to realized gain on sale of available-for-sale securities
        (note 2(b))                                                                           (74)        (9,733)         (4,907)

      Derivative financial instruments (note 15):

        Unrealized (loss) gain                                                              (284)          6,882          (5,863)

        Reclassification to production costs                                                 (117)        (2,738)          1,459

      Pension benefits (note 6(b)):

        Unrealized gain (loss)                                                               375            531           (1,595)

        Reclassification to general and administrative expense                               637            617             540

      Income tax expense (recovery) impact of reclassification items (note 9)               (137)           558             (556)

      Income tax expense (recovery) impact of other comprehensive income
      (loss) items (note 9)                                                                   51          (2,025)          2,301

Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                            12,170         (20,205)        (35,496)

Comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                             $   (394,356) $     290,711    $   (604,451)

Attributed to non-controlling interest                                               $          –    $         –    $        (60)

Attributed to common shareholders                                                    $   (394,356) $     290,711    $   (604,391)


Note:

(i)       Exclusive of amortization, which is shown separately.

                                                       See accompanying notes

14       AGNICO EAGLE
         ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
(thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, US GAAP basis)

                           Common Shares
                             Outstanding



                                                                                            Accumulated
                                                                                 Retained      Other       Non-
                                                      Stock          Contributed Earnings Comprehensive Controlling
                           Shares       Amount       Options Warrants Surplus    (Deficit) Income (Loss) Interest

Balance
December 31, 2010        168,720,355 $3,078,217 $ 78,554 $ 24,858 $       15,166 $ 440,265 $      28,390 $       –


Shares issued under
employee stock
option plan
(note 8(a))                 308,688       18,094       (4,396)      –          –        –              –         –

Stock options
(note 8(a))                         –            –    43,536        –          –        –              –         –

Shares issued under
the incentive share
purchase plan
(note 8(b))                 360,833       19,229            –       –          –        –              –         –

Shares issued under
dividend reinvestment
plan                        176,110       10,130            –       –          –        –              –         –

Shares issued for
purchase of mining
property
(notes 7(c) and 10)        1,250,477      56,146            –       –          –        –              –         –

Non-controlling
interest addition upon
acquisition (note 10)               –            –          –       –          –        –              –     12,251

Net loss for the year
attributed to common
shareholders                        –            –          –       –          – (568,895)             –         –

Net loss for the year
attributed to non-
controlling interest                –            –          –       –          –        –              –        (60)

Dividends declared
(nil per share)
(note 7(a))                         –            –          –       –          –     (391)             –         –

Other comprehensive
loss for the year                   –            –          –       –          –        –        (35,496)        –
Restricted share unit
plan (note 8(c))             (2,727)     (435)        –       –           –          –            –           –

Balance
December 31, 2011       170,813,736 $3,181,381 $117,694 $ 24,858 $   15,166 $(129,021)$      (7,106)$   12,191

Shares issued under
employee stock
option plan
(note 8(a))                416,275 $   22,968 $ (4,759)$      – $         –$         – $          – $         –

Stock options
(note 8(a))                       –          –    35,097      –           –          –            –           –

Shares issued under
the incentive share
purchase plan
(note 8(b))                507,235     21,671         –       –           –          –            –           –

Shares issued under
dividend reinvestment
plan                       444,555     18,907         –       –           –          –            –           –

Shares issued for
purchase of mining
property
(notes 7(c) and 10)         68,941      2,447         –       –        499           –            –           –

Non-controlling
interest eliminated
upon acquisition
(note 10)                         –          –        –       –           –          –            –     (12,191)

Net income for the
year                              –          –        –       –           –     310,916           –           –

Dividends declared
($1.02 per share)
(note 7(a))                       –          –        –       –           – (174,849)             –           –

Other comprehensive
loss for the year                 –          –        –       –           –          –      (20,205)          –

Restricted share unit
plan (note 8(c))           (147,872)    (5,452)       –       –           –          –            –           –

Balance
December 31, 2012       172,102,870 $3,241,922 $148,032 $ 24,858 $   15,665 $     7,046 $   (27,311)$         –

Shares issued under
employee stock
option plan
(note 8(a))                213,500 $    9,765 $ (3,292)$      – $         –$         – $          – $         –

Stock options
(note 8(a))                       –          –    29,730      –           –          –            –           –

Shares issued under
incentive share
purchase plan
(note 8(b))                812,946     23,379         –       –           –          –            –           –
Shares issued under
dividend reinvestment
plan                       858,107     25,837          –          –          –          –             –           –

Warrant expiry
(note 7(b))                       –          –         –    (24,858)    21,589          –             –           –

Net loss for the year             –          –         –          –          – (406,526)              –           –

Dividends declared
($0.66 per share)
(note 7(a))                       –          –         –          –          –   (114,118)            –           –

Other comprehensive
income for the year               –          –         –          –          –          –        12,170           –

Restricted share unit
plan (note 8(c))            (33,448)    (6,896)        –          –          –       157              –           –

Balance
December 31, 2013       173,953,975 $3,294,007 $174,470 $         – $   37,254 $(513,441)$      (15,141)$         –


                                                  See accompanying notes

                                                                                                   AGNICO EAGLE   15
                                                               ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(thousands of United States dollars, US GAAP basis)
                                                                           Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2013          2012            2011

Operating activities

Net income (loss) for the year                                    $   (406,526) $   310,916     $   (568,955)

Add (deduct) items not affecting cash:

  Amortization of property, plant and mine development (note 3)       296,078       271,861          261,781

  Deferred income and mining taxes (note 9)                            (16,550)      72,145         (275,773)

  Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities (note 2(b))                (74)       (9,733)         (4,907)

  Stock-based compensation (note 8)                                    44,904        47,632           51,873

  Impairment loss on available-for-sale securities (note 2(b))         34,272        12,732            8,569

  Impairment loss (note 18)                                           537,227              –         907,681

  Loss on Goldex mine (note 17)                                              –             –         302,893

  Foreign currency translation (gain) loss                              (7,188)      16,320           (1,082)

  Other                                                                23,817        16,048           22,992

Adjustment for settlement of environmental remediation                  (9,081)      (21,449)         (7,616)

Changes in non-cash working capital balances:

  Trade receivables                                                       450          8,149          37,050

  Income taxes                                                            717        13,304          (29,867)

  Inventories                                                          (23,232)      (44,145)        (43,066)

  Other current assets                                                 (23,447)      18,909          (25,838)

  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                             (12,695)      (20,928)         31,837

  Interest payable                                                        (376)        4,246            (387)

Cash provided by operating activities                                 438,296       696,007          667,185



Investing activities

Additions to property, plant and mine development (note 3)            (577,789)     (445,550)       (482,831)
Acquisition of Urastar Gold Corporation, net (note 10)                           (10,051)              –               –

Acquisition of Grayd Resource Corporation (note 10)                                    –          (9,322)       (163,047)

Decrease (increase) in short-term investments                                      6,273          (1,920)              5

Net proceeds from sale of available-for-sale securities (note 2(b))                 171          73,358            9,435

Purchase of available-for-sale securities and warrants (note 2(b))               (59,804)         (2,713)        (91,115)

(Increase) decrease in restricted cash (note 14)                                  (3,273)          9,991         (32,931)

Cash used in investing activities                                               (644,473)       (376,156)       (760,484)



Financing activities

Dividends paid                                                                  (126,266)       (118,121)        (98,354)

Repayment of capital lease obligations (note 13(a))                              (10,605)        (12,063)        (13,092)

Sale-leaseback financing (note 13(a))                                            10,928                –               –

Proceeds from long-term debt (note 5)                                           290,000         315,000         475,000

Repayment of long-term debt (note 5)                                            (120,000)       (605,000)       (205,000)

Notes issuance (note 5)                                                                –        200,000                –

Long-term debt financing costs (note 5)                                                –          (3,133)         (2,545)

Repurchase of common shares for restricted share unit plan (note 8(c))           (19,000)        (12,031)         (3,723)

Common shares issued                                                             23,672          32,742          26,536

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                  48,729         (202,606)       178,822

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                      (1,519)          1,376          (1,636)

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents during the year            (158,967)       118,621          83,887

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                    298,068         179,447          95,560

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                      $   139,101     $   298,068     $   179,447



Supplemental cash flow information

Interest paid                                                               $    58,152     $    52,213     $    52,833

Income and mining taxes paid                                                $    56,478     $    56,962     $   110,889


                                                   See accompanying notes

16   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
December 31, 2013

1. TRADE RECEIVABLES AND REVENUES FROM MINING OPERATIONS
Agnico Eagle is a gold mining company with mining operations in Canada, Mexico and Finland. The Company earns a
significant proportion of its revenues from the production and sale of gold in both dore bar and concentrate form. The
remainder of revenue and cash flow is generated by the production and sale of byproduct metals. The revenue from byproduct
metals is primarily generated by production at the LaRonde mine in Canada (silver, zinc and copper) and the Pinos Altos mine
in Mexico (silver).

Revenues are generated from operations in Canada, Mexico and Finland. The cash flow and profitability of the Company's
operations are significantly affected by the market price of gold and, to a lesser extent, silver, zinc, copper and lead. The
prices of these metals can fluctuate significantly and are affected by numerous factors beyond the Company's control.

As gold can be sold through numerous gold market traders worldwide, the Company is not economically dependent on a
limited number of customers for the sale of its product.

Trade receivables are recognized once the transfer of ownership for the metals sold has occurred and reflect the amounts
owing to the Company in respect of its sales of dore bars or concentrates to third parties prior to the satisfaction in full of the
payment obligations of the third parties.

                                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                          2013                     2012                     2011

Revenues from mining operations:

Gold                                                                                      $1,500,354               $1,712,665                $1,563,760

Silver                                                                                        100,895                  140,221                  171,725

Zinc                                                                                           16,685                    45,797                   70,522

Copper                                                                                         20,653                    19,019                   14,451

Lead(i)                                                                                           (181)                       12                    1,341

                                                                                          $1,638,406               $1,917,714                $1,821,799


Note:

(i)       In 2013, lead revenues of $0.9 million were nettled against lead concentrate direct fees of $1.1 million. Revenues from other metals contained in
          lead concentrate are included in their respective categories in the above table.

In 2013, precious metals (gold and silver) accounted for 98% of Agnico Eagle's revenues from mining operations (2012 –
 97%; 2011 – 95%). The remaining revenues from mining operations consisted of net byproduct metals revenues. In 2013,
these net byproduct metals revenues as a percentage of total revenues from mining operations were 1% from zinc (2012 –
 2%; 2011 – 4%) and 1% from copper (2012 – 1%; 2011 – 1%).

                                                                                                                     AGNICO EAGLE                       17
                                                                                 ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. OTHER ASSETS
        (a)   Other current assets

                                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                             2013                       2012

Federal, provincial and other sales taxes receivable                                   $            71,053         $           36,400

Prepaid expenses                                                                                    35,396                     36,119

Insurance receivable                                                                                 1,369                      6,553

Receivables from employees                                                                             780                      1,800

Retirement compensation arrangement plan refundable tax receivable                                         –                    4,044

Other                                                                                                8,395                      8,061

                                                                                       $          116,993          $           92,977


        (b)   Available-for-sale securities

              The Company's investments in available-for-sale securities consist primarily of investments in common shares
              of entities in the mining industry. The cost basis of available-for-sale securities is determined using the average
              cost method and they are carried at fair value. Detail on the Company's available-for-sale securities holdings is
              set out below:

                                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                           2013                        2012

Available-for-sale securities in an unrealized gain position:

Cost (net of impairments)                                                          $              30,583       $               4,352

Unrealized gains in accumulated other comprehensive loss                                          11,530                       1,902

Estimated fair value                                                                              42,113                       6,254



Available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position:

Cost (net of impairments)                                                                         39,933                      48,047

Unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss                                         (7,465)                     (9,582)

Estimated fair value                                                                              32,468                      38,465

Total estimated fair value of available-for-sale securities                        $              74,581       $              44,719


              In 2013, the Company received proceeds of $0.2 million (2012 – $73.4 million; 2011 – $9.4 million) and
              recognized a gain before income taxes of $0.1 million (2012 – $9.7 million; 2011 – $4.9 million) on the sale of
              certain available-for-sale securities.
18   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                During the course of the year, certain available-for-sale securities fell into an unrealized loss position. In each
                case, the Company evaluated the near-term prospects of the issuers in relation to the severity and duration of
                the impairment. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recorded a $34.3 million (2012 –
                 $12.7 million; 2011 – $8.6 million) impairment loss on certain available-for-sale securities that were determined
                to be other-than-temporarily impaired.

                At December 31, 2013, the fair value of available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position was
                $32.5 million (December 31, 2012 – $38.5 million) with total unrealized losses in accumulated other
                comprehensive loss of $7.5 million (December 31, 2012 – $9.6 million). Based on an evaluation of the severity
                and duration of the impairment of these available-for-sale securities (less than three months) and on the
                Company's intent to hold the investments for a period of time sufficient for a recovery of fair value, the Company
                does not consider these available-for-sale securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired as at
                December 31, 2013.

        (c)     Other assets

                                                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                                             2013                       2012

Deferred financing costs, less accumulated amortization of $11,420
(December 31, 2012 – $8,888)                                                                                     $12,644                     $15,836

Long-term ore in stockpile(i)                                                                                       46,191                     32,711

Other                                                                                                                 7,559                     7,291

                                                                                                                 $66,394                     $55,838


Note:

(i)     Due to the ore body structures at the Pinos Altos, Kittila and Meadowbank mines, the Creston Mascota deposit at Pinos Altos and the La India
        project, a significant amount of drilling and blasting was undertaken early in their mine lives, resulting in long-term ore in stockpile. At
        December 31, 2013, long-term ore in stockpile was valued at $2.5 million (December 31, 2012 – $4.1 million) at the Pinos Altos mine,
        $26.7 million (December 31, 2012 – $7.7 million) at the Kittila mine, $7.8 million (December 31, 2012 – $10.2 million) at the Meadowbank mine,
        $8.2 million (December 31, 2012 – $10.7 million) at the Creston Mascota deposit at Pinos Altos and $1.0 million (December 31, 2012 – nil) at the
        La India project.


3. PROPERTY, PLANT AND MINE DEVELOPMENT
                                                 As at December 31, 2013                                    As at December 31, 2012



                                                        Accumulated            Net Book                             Accumulated           Net Book
                                          Cost          Amortization            Value               Cost            Amortization           Value

Mining properties                    $ 1,361,867       $           89,700     $ 1,272,167       $ 1,356,227       $            86,839    $ 1,269,388

Plant and equipment                     2,286,887                662,394         1,624,493         2,538,328                  617,826       1,920,502

Mine development costs                  1,038,564                239,898           798,666           918,482                  237,967         680,515


Construction in progress:

Meliadine project                         192,413                        –         192,413           133,840                        –         133,840

La India project                          161,378                        –         161,378             32,553                       –          32,553
Goldex mine M and E                              –                     –                –          30,658                       –         30,658
Zones(i)

                                    $ 5,041,109      $         991,992     $ 4,049,117       $ 5,010,088      $         942,632     $ 4,067,456


Note:

(i)     Upon achieving commercial production at the Goldex mine M and E Zones in October 2013, related costs accumulated in construction in
        progress were reclassified to mine development costs within property, plant and mine development.


                                                                                                                AGNICO EAGLE                  19
                                                                            ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Geographic Information:

                                                                                                      As at December 31,



                                                                                                   2013                    2012

Northern Business:

Canada                                                                                             $2,312,166              $2,543,171

Finland                                                                                                763,711               704,031

Southern Business:

Mexico                                                                                                 962,971               809,556

United States                                                                                           10,269                10,698

Total                                                                                              $4,049,117              $4,067,456


In 2013, Agnico Eagle capitalized $2.5 million (2012 – $1.3 million) and expensed $1.4 million (2012 – $1.2 million) of
computer software expenditures. The unamortized capitalized cost for computer software at December 31, 2013 was
$6.8 million (December 31, 2012 – $5.7 million).

The unamortized capitalized cost for leasehold improvements at December 31, 2013 was $3.3 million (December 31, 2012 –
$3.4 million), which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the life term of the lease plus one renewal period.

The amortization of assets recorded under capital leases is included in the amortization of property, plant and mine
development line item of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss).

4. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
ASC 820 – Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value under
US GAAP, and requires expanded disclosures about fair value measurements including the following three fair value hierarchy
levels:

                Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical,
                unrestricted assets or liabilities;

                Level 2 – Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly,
                for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and

                Level 3 – Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value
                measurement and unobservable (supported by little or no market activity).

Fair value is the value at which a financial instrument could be closed out or sold in a transaction with a willing and
knowledgeable counterparty over a period of time consistent with the Company's investment strategy. Fair value is based on
quoted market prices, where available. If market quotes are not available, fair value is based on internally developed models
that use market-based or independent information as inputs. These models could produce a fair value that may not be
reflective of future fair value.

20      AGNICO EAGLE
        ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table sets out the Company's financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at December 31, 2013
using the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                Level 1           Level 2        Level 3            Total

Financial assets:

Trade receivables(i)                                                                        $             –   $     67,300      $         –    $         67,300


Available-for-sale securities(ii)                                                                 74,581                    –             –              74,581


Fair value of derivative financial instruments(iii)                                                       –          5,590                –               5,590

                                                                                            $     74,581      $     72,890      $         –    $        147,471



Financial liabilities:

Fair value of derivative financial instruments(iii)                                         $             –   $        467      $         –    $            467



The following table sets out the Company's financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at December 31, 2012
using the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                Level 1           Level 2        Level 3            Total

Financial assets:

Trade receivables(i)                                                                        $             –   $     67,750      $         –    $         67,750


Available-for-sale securities(ii)                                                                 44,719                    –             –              44,719


Fair value of derivative financial instruments(iii)                                                       –          2,112                –               2,112

                                                                                            $     44,719      $     69,862      $         –    $        114,581



Financial liabilities:

Fair value of derivative financial instruments(iii)                                         $             –   $        277      $         –    $            277



Notes:

(i)      Trade receivables from provisional invoices for concentrate sales are valued using quoted forward rates derived from observable market data
         based on the month of expected settlement (classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy).

(ii)     Available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value using quoted market prices (classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy).

(iii)    Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value using external broker-dealer quotations (classified within Level 2 of the fair value
         hierarchy).

In the event that a decline in the fair value of an investment in available-for-sale securities occurs and the decline in value is
considered to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and
comprehensive income (loss) and a new cost basis for the investment is established. The Company assesses whether a
decline in value is considered to be other-than-temporary by considering available evidence, including changes in general
market conditions, specific industry and investee data, the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less
than cost, the financial condition of the investee and the near-term prospects of the individual investment. New evidence may
become available in future periods which would affect this assessment and thus could result in
                                    AGNICO EAGLE   21
ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
material impairment charges with respect to those investments in available-for-sale securities for which the cost basis exceeds
its fair value.

As at December 31, 2013, the Company recorded impairment losses related to property, plant and mine development and
goodwill (see note 18 for details). The estimated fair values of property, plant and mine development and goodwill used in
determining the impairment losses followed the discounted cash flow approach. The total impairment loss recorded during
2013 was $436.3 million, net of tax (2012 – nil; 2011 – $644.9 million). The discounted cash flow approach uses significant
unobservable inputs and is therefore considered a Level 3 fair value measurement under the fair value hierarchy.

5. LONG-TERM DEBT
Credit Facility

On June 22, 2010, the Company amended and restated one of its two unsecured revolving bank credit facilities (the "Credit
Facility") and terminated its other unsecured revolving bank credit facility, increasing the amount available from an aggregate
of $900.0 million to $1,200.0 million.

On July 20, 2012, the Company further amended the Credit Facility, extending the maturity date from June 22, 2016 to
June 22, 2017 and amending pricing terms.

At December 31, 2013, the Credit Facility was drawn down by $200.0 million (December 31, 2012 – $30.0 million). Amounts
drawn down, together with outstanding letters of credit under the Credit Facility, resulted in Credit Facility availability of
$998.9 million at December 31, 2013.

2012 Notes

On July 24, 2012, the Company closed a $200.0 million private placement of guaranteed senior unsecured notes (the "2012
Notes") which, on issuance, had a weighted average maturity of 11.0 years and a weighted average yield of 4.95%.

The following table sets out details of the individual series of the 2012 Notes:

                                                                                                    Interest       Maturity
                                                                                       Principal      Rate          Date

Series A                                                                           $      100,000       4.87%        7/23/2022

Series B                                                                                  100,000       5.02%        7/23/2024

                                                                                   $      200,000


2010 Notes

On April 7, 2010, the Company closed a $600.0 million private placement of guaranteed senior unsecured notes (the "2010
Notes") which, on issuance, had a weighted average maturity of 9.84 years and a weighted average yield of 6.59%.

22   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table sets out details of the individual series of the 2010 Notes:

                                                                                                        Interest        Maturity
                                                                                        Principal         Rate           Date

Series A                                                                            $       115,000        6.13%         4/7/2017

Series B                                                                                    360,000        6.67%         4/7/2020

Series C                                                                                    125,000        6.77%         4/7/2022

                                                                                    $       600,000


Covenants

Payment and performance of Agnico Eagle's obligations under the Credit Facility, 2012 Notes and 2010 Notes is guaranteed
by each of its significant subsidiaries and certain of its other subsidiaries (the "Guarantors").

The Credit Facility contains covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of the Company to incur additional
indebtedness, make distributions in certain circumstances and sell material assets.

The 2012 Notes and 2010 Notes contain covenants that restrict, among other things, the ability of the Company to
amalgamate or otherwise transfer its assets, sell material assets and carry on a business other than one related to mining and
the ability of the Guarantors to incur indebtedness.

The Credit Facility, 2012 Notes and 2010 Notes also require the Company to maintain a total net debt to EBITDA ratio below a
specified maximum value as well as a minimum tangible net worth.

The Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the Credit Facility, 2012 Notes and 2010 Notes as at
December 31, 2013.

Interest on long-term debt

For the year ended December 31, 2013, total interest expense was $58.0 million (2012 – $57.9 million; 2011 – $55.0 million)
and total cash interest payments were $58.2 million (2012 – $52.2 million; 2011 – $52.8 million). In 2013, cash interest on the
Credit Facility was $1.8 million (2012 – $3.6 million; 2011 – $1.7 million), cash standby fees on the Credit Facility were
$4.8 million (2012 – $4.2 million; 2011 – $8.6 million) and cash interest on the 2010 Notes and 2012 Notes was $49.4 million
(2012 – $39.5 million; 2011 – $39.5 million). In 2013, interest expenditures of $3.5 million (2012 – $1.5 million; 2011 –
 $1.0 million) were capitalized to construction in progress.

The Company's weighted average interest rate on all of its long-term debt as at December 31, 2013 was 5.37%
(December 31, 2012 – 6.02%; December 31, 2011 – 5.02%).

                                                                                                       AGNICO EAGLE            23
                                                                   ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
6. RECLAMATION PROVISION AND OTHER LIABILITIES
Reclamation provision and other liabilities consist of the following:

                                                                                                     As at December 31,



                                                                                                     2013             2012

Reclamation provision (note 6(a))                                                                $    150,849     $    101,753

Long-term portion of capital lease obligations (note 13(a))                                             11,843          12,108

Pension benefits (note 6(b))                                                                            15,278          13,734

Other                                                                                                       266              140

Total                                                                                            $    178,236     $    127,735


         (a)   Reclamation provision

               Agnico Eagle's reclamation provision includes both asset retirement obligations and environmental remediation
               liabilities. Reclamation provision estimates are based on current legislation, third party estimates, management's
               estimates and feasibility study calculations.

               The following table reconciles the beginning and ending carrying amounts of the Company's asset retirement
               obligations:

                                                                                                     2013             2012

Asset retirement obligations – long-term, beginning of year                                     $       89,720    $    86,386

Asset retirement obligations – current, beginning of year                                                4,630               –

Current year additions and changes in estimate, net                                                     44,898          1,495

Current year accretion                                                                                   4,624          5,068

Liabilities settled                                                                                       (853)           (254)

Foreign exchange revaluation                                                                            (3,678)         1,655

Reclassification from long-term to current, end of year                                                 (1,029)         (4,630)

Asset retirement obligations – long-term, end of year                                           $     138,312     $    89,720


               Due to the suspension of mining operations on the Goldex Extension Zone ("GEZ") at the Goldex mine on
               October 19, 2011 (see note 17 for details), Agnico Eagle recognized an environmental remediation liability. The

24      AGNICO EAGLE
        ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               following table reconciles the beginning and ending carrying amounts of the Goldex mine's environmental
               remediation liability:

                                                                                                     2013                 2012

Environmental remediation liability – long-term, beginning of year                             $         12,033      $        19,057

Environmental remediation liability – current, beginning of year                                         12,186               26,069

Current year additions and changes in estimate, net                                                       1,005                   (36)

Liabilities settled                                                                                      (9,045)              (21,450)

Foreign exchange revaluation                                                                             (1,219)                 579

Reclassification from long-term to current, end of year                                                  (2,423)              (12,186)

Environmental remediation liability – long-term, end of year                                   $         12,537      $        12,033


       (b)     Pension benefits

               Agnico Eagle provides the Executives Plan for certain senior officers. The funded status of the Executives Plan
               is based on actuarial valuations performed as of July 1, 2013, projected to December 31, 2013 and covering the
               period through June 30, 2014.

               The components of Agnico Eagle's net pension benefits expense relating to the Executives Plan are as follows:

                                                                                              Year Ended December 31,



                                                                                             2013             2012             2011

Service cost – benefits earned during the year                                           $      457       $        650    $       996

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation                                                   431                489            663

Amortization of net transition asset                                                            164                169            171

Prior service cost                                                                                  25               26               26

Loss due to settlement                                                                               –         2,921                   –

Recognized net actuarial loss                                                                   379                340            245

Net pension benefits expense                                                             $    1,456       $    4,595      $      2,101


               Assets for the Executives Plan consist of deposits on hand with regulatory authorities that are refundable when
               benefit payments are made or on the ultimate wind-up of the plan. The accumulated benefit obligation for the
               Executives Plan at December 31, 2013 was $9.6 million (December 31, 2012 – $9.7 million).

                                                                                                         AGNICO EAGLE                 25
                                                                     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                The funded status of the Executives Plan for 2013 and 2012 is as follows:

                                                                                                2013             2012

Reconciliation of the market value of plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year                                                $     2,373      $     2,952

Agnico Eagle's contribution                                                                            374              839

Benefit payments                                                                                   (244)            (520)

Settlements                                                                                              –          (961)

Effect of exchange rate changes                                                                    (157)                 63

Fair value of plan assets, end of year                                                            2,346            2,373



Reconciliation of projected benefit obligation:

Projected benefit obligation, beginning of year                                                  10,818           14,370

Service cost                                                                                           456              650

Interest cost                                                                                          431              489

Net actuarial loss                                                                                     573              675

Benefit payments                                                                                   (244)            (520)

Settlements                                                                                              –        (5,148)

Effect of exchange rate changes                                                                    (736)                302

Projected benefit obligation, end of year                                                        11,298           10,818

Deficiency of plan assets compared with projected benefit obligation                        $    (8,952) $        (8,445)



26   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  The Executives Plan is comprised of the following net amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets:

                                                                                                                               As at December 31,



                                                                                                                               2013             2012

Accrued employee benefit liability                                                                                         $      5,733     $       5,008

Accumulated other comprehensive loss:

      Transition obligation                                                                                                        159                341

      Prior service cost                                                                                                              24               52

      Net actuarial loss                                                                                                          3,036             3,044

Net liability                                                                                                              $      8,952     $       8,445



Assumptions:

Weighted average discount rate – net periodic pension cost                                                                       4.00%              4.45%

Weighted average discount rate – projected benefit obligation                                                                    4.90%              4.00%

Weighted average rate of compensation increase                                                                                   3.00%              3.00%

Estimated average remaining service life for the plan (in years)(i)                                                                   5.0              6.0


Note:

(i)       Estimated average remaining service life for the Executives Plan was developed for individual senior officers.

                  Executives Plan components expected to be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss in 2014:

Transition obligation                                                                                                                           $     159

Prior service cost                                                                                                                                     24

Net actuarial loss                                                                                                                                    476

                                                                                                                                                $     659



                                                                                                                     AGNICO EAGLE                      27
                                                                                 ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              Estimated benefit payments from the Executives Plan over the next ten years are set out below:

                                                                                                        Estimated Executives
                                                                                                                Plan
                                                                                                          Benefit Payments
Year ended December 31,:

2014                                                                                                $                       109

2015                                                                                                $                       107

2016                                                                                                $                       105

2017                                                                                                $                       103

2018                                                                                                $                       102

2019 – 2023                                                                                         $                     5,295


              In addition to the Executives Plan, the Company maintains the Basic Plan and the Supplemental Plan. Under
              the Basic Plan, Agnico Eagle contributes 5% of certain employees' base employment compensation to a defined
              contribution plan. In 2013, $12.5 million (2012 – $11.9 million; 2011 – $10.7 million) was contributed to the Basic
              Plan. Effective January 1, 2008, the Company adopted the Supplemental Plan for designated executives at the
              level of Vice-President or above. The Supplemental Plan is funded by the Company through notional
              contributions equal to 10% of the designated executive's earnings for the year (including salary and short-term
              bonus). In 2013, the Company made $1.2 million (2012 – $0.8 million; 2011 – $0.9 million) in notional
              contributions to the Supplemental Plan. The Supplemental Plan is accounted for as a cash balance plan.

7. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
        (a)   Common shares

              The Company's authorized share capital includes an unlimited number of common shares. As at December 31,
              2013, Agnico Eagle's issued common shares totaled 174,181,163 (December 31, 2012 – 172,296,610), less
              227,188 common shares held by a trust in connection with the Company's restricted share unit ("RSU") plan
              (December 31, 2012 – 193,740 common shares held in trust). The trust is treated as a variable interest entity
              and, as a result, its holdings of shares are offset against the Company's issued shares in its consolidated
              financial statements (see note 8(c) for details).

              In 2013, the Company declared dividends on its common shares of $0.66 per share (2012 – $1.02 per share;
              2011 – nil per share).

        (b)   Private placements and warrants

              On December 3, 2008, the Company closed a private placement of 9.2 million units, with each unit consisting of
              one common share and one-half of one common share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitled the
              holder to purchase one common share of the Company at a price of $47.25 per share at any time during the
              five-year term of the warrant. As consideration for the lead purchaser's commitment, the Company issued to the
              lead purchaser an additional 4.0 million warrants. The net proceeds of the private placement were approximately
              $281.0 million, after deducting share issue costs of $8.8 million. The warrants expired unexercised on
              December 3, 2013.

28     AGNICO EAGLE
       ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (c)    Issuance of common shares on take-over bid

             On November 18, 2011, the Company issued 1,250,477 common shares with a market value of $56.1 million in
             connection with the acquisition of 94.77% of the outstanding shares of Grayd Resource Corporation ("Grayd")
             under a take-over bid. On January 23, 2012, the Company issued an additional 68,941 common shares with a
             market value of $2.4 million in connection with the compulsory acquisition of the remaining outstanding shares
             of Grayd it did not already own (see note 10 for details).

      (d)    Accumulated other comprehensive loss

             The following table sets out the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component for the year
             ended December 31, 2013:

                                                          Available-for-sale
                                        Cumulative         Securities and            Derivative
                                        Translation             Other                 Financial         Pension
                                        Adjustment          Investments             Instruments         Benefits       Total

Accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) income, December 31, 2012    $        (16,206) $                (7,680) $              72    $      (3,497) $   (27,311)

Unrealized other comprehensive
(loss) gain                                           –              (22,553)               (284)             375      (22,462)

  Income tax expense (recovery)
  impact                                              –                    –                 150              (99)             51

Reclassifications from
accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) income to the Consolidated
Statements of Income (Loss)                           –               34,198                (117)             637       34,718

  Income tax expense (recovery)
  impact                                              –                    –                  31             (168)        (137)

Other comprehensive income
(loss) for the year                                   –               11,645                (220)             745       12,170

Accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) income, December 31, 2013    $        (16,206) $                3,965    $           (148) $        (2,752) $   (15,141)



                                                                                                     AGNICO EAGLE              29
                                                                 ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             The following table sets out the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component for the year
             ended December 31, 2012:

                                                           Available-for-sale
                                         Cumulative         Securities and            Derivative
                                         Translation             Other                 Financial          Pension
                                         Adjustment          Investments             Instruments          Benefits         Total

Accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) income, December 31, 2011     $          (16,206) $             16,350    $          (2,913) $        (4,337) $       (7,106)

Unrealized other comprehensive
(loss) gain                                            –              (27,029)              6,882               531         (19,616)

  Income tax recovery impact                           –                    –               (1,885)             (140)        (2,025)

Reclassifications from
accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) income to the Consolidated
Statements of Income (Loss)                            –                2,999               (2,738)             617             878

  Income tax expense (recovery)
  impact                                               –                    –                 721               (163)           558

Other comprehensive income
(loss) for the year                                    –              (24,030)              2,985               840         (20,205)

Accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) income, December 31, 2012     $          (16,206) $              (7,680) $              72     $      (3,497) $      (27,311)


      (e)    Net income (loss) per share

             The following table sets out the weighted average number of common shares used in the calculation of basic
             and diluted net income (loss) per share:

                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,



                                                                            2013                   2012                  2011

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – basic               172,892,654         171,250,179              169,352,896

Dilutive impact of shares related to RSU plan                                           –             235,436                      –

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – diluted             172,892,654         171,485,615              169,352,896


             Diluted net income (loss) per share has been calculated using the treasury stock method. In applying the
             treasury stock method, employee stock options and warrants with an exercise price greater than the average
             quoted market price of the common shares for the period outstanding are not included in the calculation of
             diluted net income (loss) per share as the impact is anti-dilutive. In 2011, the impact of any additional shares
             issued under the employee stock option plan, as a result of the conversion of warrants or related to the RSU
             plan would have been anti-dilutive as a result of the net loss recorded for the year. Consequently, diluted net
             loss per share was calculated in the same manner as basic net loss per share in 2011. In 2012,
             7,742,151 employee stock options and all warrants were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per
             share as their impact would have been anti-dilutive. In 2013, the impact of any additional shares issued under
             the employee stock option plan or related to the RSU plan would have been anti-dilutive as a result of the net
             loss recorded for the
30   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             year. Consequently, diluted net loss per share was calculated in the same manner as basic net loss per share
             in 2013.

8. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
       (a)   Employee Stock Option Plan ("ESOP")

             The Company's ESOP provides for the granting of stock options to directors, officers, employees and service
             providers to purchase common shares. Under the ESOP, stock options are granted at the fair market value of
             the underlying shares on the day prior to the date of grant. The number of common shares that may be reserved
             for issuance to any one person pursuant to stock options (under the ESOP or otherwise), warrants, share
             purchase plans or other arrangements may not exceed 5% of the Company's common shares issued and
             outstanding at the date of grant.

             On April 24, 2001, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors adopted a policy pursuant to which
             stock options granted after that date have a maximum term of five years. In 2011, the shareholders approved a
             resolution to increase the number of common shares reserved for issuance under the ESOP by 3,000,000 to
             23,300,000. In 2012 and 2013 the shareholders approved a further 2,500,000 and 2,000,000 common shares
             for issuance under the ESOP, respectively.

             Of the 2,803,000 stock options granted under the ESOP in 2013, 700,750 stock options vested immediately. The
             remaining stock options, all of which expire in 2018, vest in equal installments on each anniversary date of the
             grant over a three year period. Of the 3,257,000 stock options granted under the ESOP in 2012, 814,250 stock
             options vested immediately. The remaining stock options, all of which expire in 2017, vest in equal installments
             on each anniversary date of the grant over a three year period. Of the 2,630,785 stock options granted under
             the ESOP in 2011, 657,696 stock options vested immediately. The remaining stock options, all of which expire in
             2016, vest in equal installments on each anniversary date of the grant over a three year period. Upon the
             exercise of stock options under the ESOP, the Company issues new common shares to settle the obligation.

             The following summary sets out activity with respect to Agnico Eagle's outstanding stock options:

                                          2013                            2012                             2011



                                              Weighted                           Weighted                         Weighted
                              Number of       Average         Number of          Average       Number of          Average
                                Stock         Exercise          Stock            Exercise        Stock            Exercise
                               Options         Price           Options            Price         Options            Price

Outstanding, beginning of
year                          10,587,126     C$      56.60       8,959,051    C$      62.88       6,762,704      C$    56.94

Granted                         2,803,000            52.13       3,257,000            36.99       2,630,785            76.12

Exercised                        (213,500)           37.06        (416,275)           43.51        (308,688)           43.62

Forfeited                        (540,206)           58.15        (731,000)           59.72        (125,750)           67.47

Expired                        (1,352,885)           54.67        (481,650)           47.49                –                 –

Outstanding, end of year       11,283,535    C$      56.02     10,587,126     C$      56.60       8,959,051      C$    62.88

Options exercisable at end
of year                         7,248,295                        6,510,464                        5,178,172



                                                                                                    AGNICO EAGLE         31
                                                                ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             The following table sets out 2013 activity with respect to Agnico Eagle's non-vested stock options:

                                                                                                         2013



                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                                                   Average
                                                                                                                    Grant
                                                                                            Number of              Date Fair
                                                                                          Stock Options             Value

Non-vested, beginning of year                                                                   4,076,662             C$13.33

Granted                                                                                         2,803,000                11.21

Vested                                                                                         (2,661,216)               12.84

Forfeited (non-vested)                                                                           (183,206)               11.38

Non-vested, end of year                                                                         4,035,240             C$11.44


             Cash received for stock options exercised in 2013 was $8.0 million (2012 – $18.2 million; 2011 – $13.6 million).

             The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised in 2013 was C$3.1 million (2012 – C$3.6 million; 2011 –
             C$8.0 million).

             The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted in 2013 was C$11.21 (2012 – C$8.29;
             2011 – C$17.05). The total grant date fair value of stock options vested during 2013 was $34.2 million (2012 –
             $41.0 million; 2011 – $46.7 million).

             The following table summarizes information about Agnico Eagle's stock options outstanding and exercisable at
             December 31, 2013:

                                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                    Average
                                                           Average        Weighted
                                                                                                Number              Exercise
                                                          Remaining       Average
                                                                                               Exercisable           Price
                                         Number          Contractual      Exercise
                                        Outstanding          Life          Price
                                                Stock Options Outstanding                      Stock Options Exercisable
Range of Exercise Prices

C$33.39 – C$59.71                            7,341,556          2.81 years        C$48.28           3,851,056         C$50.50

C$60.72 – C$83.08                            3,941,979          1.14 years           70.43          3,397,239            69.46

C$33.39 – C$83.08                           11,283,535          2.23 years        C$56.02           7,248,295         C$59.39


             The weighted average remaining contractual term of stock options exercisable at December 31, 2013 was
             1.6 years.

             The Company has reserved for issuance 11,283,535 common shares in the event that these stock options
             are exercised.

             The number of common shares available for the granting of stock options under the ESOP as at December 31,
             2013, December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011 was 4,807,876, 3,717,785, and 3,262,135, respectively.
32   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2013, on January 2, 2014, 3,177,500 stock options were granted
              under the ESOP, of which 794,375 stock options vested immediately. The remaining stock options, all of which
              expire in 2019, vest in equal installments on each anniversary date of the grant over a three year period.

              Agnico Eagle estimated the fair value of stock options under the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the
              following weighted average assumptions:

                                                                                            2013        2012         2011

Risk-free interest rate                                                                      1.50%      1.26%          1.95%

Expected life of stock options (in years)                                                       2.6         2.8             2.5

Expected volatility of Agnico Eagle's share price                                            35.0%      37.5%        34.70%

Expected dividend yield                                                                      1.82%      2.14%          0.89%


              The Company uses historical volatility to estimate the expected volatility of Agnico Eagle's share price. The
              expected term of stock options granted is derived from historical data on employee exercise and post-vesting
              employment termination experience.

              The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2013 was nil.

              The total compensation expense for the ESOP recorded in the general and administrative line item of the
              consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for 2013 was $26.4 million (2012 –
               $33.8 million; 2011 – $42.2 million). The total compensation cost related to non- vested stock options not yet
              recognized is $21.2 million as at December 31, 2013 and the weighted average period over which it is expected
              to be recognized is 1.7 years. Of the total compensation cost for the ESOP, $3.3 million was capitalized as part
              of the property, plant and mine development line item of the consolidated balance sheets in 2013 (2012 –
               $1.3 million; 2011 – $1.4 million).

       (b)    Incentive Share Purchase Plan

              On June 26, 1997, the Company's shareholders approved an incentive share purchase plan (the "Purchase
              Plan") to encourage directors, officers and employees ("Participants") to purchase Agnico Eagle's common
              shares at market value. In 2009, the Purchase Plan was amended to remove non-executive directors as eligible
              Participants.

              Under the Purchase Plan, Participants may contribute up to 10% of their basic annual salaries and the
              Company contributes an amount equal to 50% of each Participant's contribution. All common shares subscribed
              for under the Purchase Plan are issued by the Company. The total compensation cost recognized in 2013
              related to the Purchase Plan was $7.8 million (2012 – $7.2 million; 2011 – $6.4 million).

              In 2013, 812,946 common shares were subscribed for under the Purchase Plan (2012 – 507,235; 2011 –
               360,833) for a value of $23.4 million (2012 – $21.7 million; 2011 – $19.2 million). In May 2008, the Company's
              shareholders approved an increase in the maximum number of common shares reserved for issuance under the
              Purchase Plan to 5,000,000 from 2,500,000. As at December 31, 2013, Agnico Eagle has reserved for issuance
              829,907 common shares (2012 – 1,642,853; 2011 – 2,150,088) under the Purchase Plan.

                                                                                                     AGNICO EAGLE             33
                                                                 ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (c)    Restricted Share Unit Plan

             In 2009, the Company implemented the RSU plan for certain employees. Effective January 1, 2012, the RSU
             plan was amended to include directors and senior executives of the Company.

             A deferred compensation balance is recorded for the total grant date value on the date of each RSU plan grant.
             The deferred compensation balance is recorded as a reduction of shareholders' equity and is amortized as
             compensation expense over the applicable vesting period.

             In 2013, the Company funded the RSU plan by transferring $19.0 million (2012 – $12.0 million; 2011 –
              $3.7 million) to an employee benefit trust (the "Trust") that then purchased shares of the Company in the open
             market. The Trust is funded once per year during the first quarter of each year. For accounting purposes, the
             Trust is treated as a variable interest entity and consolidated in the accounts of the Company. The common
             shares purchased and held by the Trust are treated as not outstanding for the basic earnings per share ("EPS")
             calculations but are included in the basic EPS calculations once they have vested. All of the non-vested
             common shares held by the Trust are included in the diluted EPS calculations, unless the impact is anti-dilutive.

             Compensation expense related to the RSU plan was $12.1 million in 2013 (2012 – $6.6 million; 2011 –
              $3.3 million). Compensation expense related to the RSU plan is included as part of the production, general and
             administrative and exploration and corporate development line items of the consolidated statements of income
             (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), consistent with the classification of other elements of compensation
             expense for those employees who held RSUs.

             Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2013, 293,041 RSUs were granted under the RSU plan which vest
             in 2017.

9. INCOME AND MINING TAXES
Income and mining taxes expense (recovery) is comprised of the following geographic components:

                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,



                                                                                 2013            2012             2011

Current income and mining taxes:

  Canada                                                                     $      7,934    $      8,750    $       62,382

  Mexico                                                                          29,968           33,531             3,496

  Finland                                                                         14,492            9,799                222

                                                                                  52,394           52,080            66,100

Deferred income and mining taxes:

  Canada                                                                          (95,344)         26,041          (341,038)

  Mexico                                                                          93,665           25,284            54,996

  Finland                                                                         (14,871)         20,820            10,269

                                                                                  (16,550)         72,145          (275,773)

Income and mining taxes                                                      $    35,844     $    124,225    $     (209,673)
34   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Cash income and mining taxes paid in 2013 were $56.5 million (2012 – $57.0 million; 2011 – $110.9 million).

The income and mining taxes expense (recovery) is different from the amount that would have been calculated by applying
the Canadian statutory income tax rate as a result of the following:

                                                                                             2013            2012           2011

Combined federal and composite provincial tax rates                                               26.3%            26.3%      27.8%

Increase (decrease) in tax rates resulting from:

  Provincial mining duties                                                                        1.4              3.6            5.9

  Tax law changes                                                                              (13.6)                –         (2.7)

  Impact of foreign tax rates                                                                     2.4              (1.5)       (0.2)

  Permanent differences                                                                        (25.1)              1.0         (1.6)

  Valuation allowances                                                                            (0.9)            1.2         (0.3)

  Impact of changes in income tax rates                                                           (0.2)            (2.1)       (2.0)

Actual rate as a percentage of pre-tax income                                                     (9.7)%           28.5%      26.9%


The following table sets out the components of Agnico Eagle's deferred income and mining tax liabilities (assets):

                                                                                                     Liabilities (Assets)
                                                                                                     as at December 31,



                                                                                                    2013                   2012

Mining properties                                                                             $         808,449      $      761,508

Net operating and capital loss carryforwards                                                         (129,019)             (102,005)

Mining duties                                                                                           (68,728)            (36,158)

Reclamation provisions                                                                                  (44,242)            (42,688)

Valuation allowance                                                                                       26,860             30,570

Deferred income and mining tax liabilities                                                    $         593,320      $      611,227


All of Agnico Eagle's deferred income and mining tax assets and liabilities are denominated in the local currency based on the
jurisdiction in which the Company paid taxes, except for Canada, and were translated into US dollars using the exchange rate
in effect at the applicable consolidated balance sheet dates. For Canadian income tax purposes, for December 31, 2008 and
subsequent years, the Company elected to use the US dollar as its functional currency.

The Company operates in different jurisdictions and, accordingly, it is subject to income and other taxes under the various tax
regimes in the countries in which it operates. The tax rules and regulations in many countries are highly complex and subject
to interpretation. The Company may be subject in the future to a review of its historic income and other tax filings

                                                                                                      AGNICO EAGLE                  35
                                                                  ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
and in connection with such reviews, disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation or application of
certain tax rules and regulations to the Company's business conducted within the country involved.

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of the unrecognized tax benefits is set out below:

                                                                                            2013           2012          2011

Unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year                                            $    10,867    $     1,200   $    1,630

Additions (reductions)                                                                             –         9,667         (430)

Unrecognized tax benefit, end of year                                                   $    10,867    $    10,867   $    1,200


The full amount of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce the Company's annual effective tax rate. The
Company does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next year.

The Company is subject to taxes in Canada, Mexico and Finland, each with varying statutes of limitations. The 2007 through
2013 taxation years generally remain subject to examination.

10. ACQUISITIONS
Urastar Gold Corporation

On May 16, 2013, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Urastar
Gold Corporation ("Urastar") pursuant to a court-approved plan of arrangement under the Business Corporations Act (British
Columbia) for cash consideration of $10.1 million. The Urastar acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and
goodwill of $9.8 million was recognized on the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

The transaction costs associated with the acquisition totaling $0.7 million were expensed through the general and
administrative line item of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) during the year
ended December 31, 2013.

36   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table sets out the allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on
management's estimates of fair value:

Total purchase price:

Cash paid for acquisition                                                                                        $       10,127


Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed:

Mining properties                                                                                                $        1,994

Goodwill                                                                                                                  9,802

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                   76

Trade receivables                                                                                                          731

Other current assets                                                                                                        12

Plant and equipment                                                                                                           2

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                   (791)

Other liabilities                                                                                                        (1,573)

Deferred tax liability                                                                                                     (126)

Net assets acquired                                                                                              $       10,127


The Company believes that goodwill for the Urastar acquisition arose principally because of the following factors: (1) the going
concern value implicit in the Company's ability to sustain and/or grow its business by increasing mineral reserves and mineral
resources through new discoveries; and (2) the requirement to record a deferred tax liability for the difference between the
assigned values and the tax bases of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination at amounts that do
not reflect fair value.

Pro forma results of operations for the Company assuming the acquisition of Urastar described above had occurred as of
January 1, 2012 are detailed below. On a pro forma basis, there would have been no effect on the Company's consolidated
revenues.

                                                                                              Year Ended        Year Ended
                                                                                             December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                 2013              2012

                                                                                                       Unaudited

Pro forma net income (loss) for the period                                               $         (409,020) $           307,274

Pro forma net income (loss) per share – basic                                            $            (2.37) $              1.79


Grayd Resource Corporation

In September 2011, Agnico Eagle entered into an acquisition agreement with Grayd, a Canadian-based natural resource
company listed on the TSX Venture Exchange, pursuant to which the Company agreed to make an offer to acquire all of the

                                                                                                      AGNICO EAGLE            37
                                                                  ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
issued and outstanding common shares of Grayd. On October 13, 2011, the Company made the offer by way of a take-over
bid circular, as amended and supplemented on October 21, 2011.

On November 18, 2011, Agnico Eagle acquired 94.77% of the outstanding shares of Grayd on a fully-diluted basis, under the
take-over bid. The November 18, 2011 purchase price of $222.1 million was comprised of $166.0 million in cash and
1,250,477 Agnico Eagle common shares issued from treasury.

Transaction costs associated with the acquisition totalling $3.8 million were expensed through the interest and sundry
expense (income) line item of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) during the
fourth quarter of 2011. The Company has accounted for the purchase of Grayd as a business combination.

The following table sets out the allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on
management's estimates of fair value.

Total purchase price:

Cash paid for acquisition                                                                                      $     165,954

Agnico Eagle common shares issued for acquisition                                                                        56,146

Total purchase price to allocate                                                                               $     222,100



Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed:

Mining properties                                                                                              $     282,000

Goodwill                                                                                                                 29,215

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 2,907

Trade receivables                                                                                                           469

Other current assets                                                                                                      1,700

Equipment                                                                                                                    56

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                  (9,767)

Deferred tax liability                                                                                                   (72,229)

Non-controlling interest                                                                                                 (12,251)

Net assets acquired                                                                                            $     222,100


The Company believes that goodwill for the Grayd acquisition arose principally because of the following factors: (1) the going
concern value implicit in the Company's ability to sustain and/or grow its business by increasing mineral reserves and mineral
resources through new discoveries; and (2) the requirement to record a deferred tax liability for the difference between the
assigned values and the tax bases of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination at amounts that do
not reflect fair value.

38    AGNICO EAGLE
      ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Pro forma results of operations for Agnico Eagle assuming the acquisition of Grayd described above had occurred as of
January 1, 2011 are set out below. On a pro forma basis, there would have been no effect on Agnico Eagle's consolidated
revenues:

                                                                                                                Year Ended
                                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                                                   2011



                                                                                                                Unaudited

Pro forma net loss attributed to common shareholders                                                       $          (582,762)

Pro forma net loss per share – basic                                                                       $             (3.42)


On January 23, 2012, the Company acquired the remaining outstanding shares of Grayd it did not already own, pursuant to a
previously announced compulsory acquisition carried out under the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British
Columbia). The January 23, 2012 purchase price of $11.8 million was comprised of $9.3 million in cash and 68,941 newly
issued Agnico Eagle common shares.

Summit Gold Project

On December 20, 2011, the Company completed the acquisition of 100% of the Summit Gold project from Columbus Gold
Corporation, subject to a 2% net smelter returns mineral production royalty reserved by Cordilleran Exploration Company. The
Nevada based project's purchase price of $8.5 million, including transaction costs, was comprised entirely of cash. This
transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition.

11. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES
                                                                                                     As at December 31,



                                                                                                    2013              2012

Trade payables                                                                                  $      80,242     $      89,289

Wages payable                                                                                          35,881            35,752

Accrued liabilities                                                                                    16,366            27,372

Other liabilities                                                                                      40,885            32,916

                                                                                                $     173,374     $    185,329


In 2013 and 2012, the other liabilities balance consisted primarily of various employee payroll tax withholdings and other
payroll taxes.

12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
As part of its ongoing business and operations, the Company has been required to provide assurance in the form of letters of
credit for environmental and site restoration costs, custom credits, government grants and other general corporate purposes.
As at December 31, 2013, the total amount of these guarantees was $174.3 million.

                                                                                                      AGNICO EAGLE            39
                                                                  ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Certain of the Company's properties are subject to royalty arrangements. The following are the most significant royalty
arrangements:

The Company has a royalty agreement with the Finnish government relating to the Kittila mine. Starting 12 months after Kittila
mine operations commenced, the Company is required to pay 2.0% on net smelter returns, defined as revenue less
processing costs. The royalty is paid on a yearly basis the following year.

The Company is committed to pay a royalty on production from certain properties in the Abitibi area. The type of royalty
agreements include, but are not limited to, net profits interest royalties and net smelter return royalties, with percentages
ranging from 2.5% to 5.0%.

The Company is committed to pay a royalty on production from certain properties in the Pinos Altos mine area. The type of
royalty agreements include, but are not limited to, net profits interest royalties and net smelter return royalties, with
percentages ranging from 2.5% to 3.5%.

The Company regularly enters into various earn-in and shareholder agreements, often with commitments to pay net smelter
return and other royalties.

The Company had the following purchase commitments as at December 31, 2013:

                                                                                                                  Purchase
                                                                                                                Commitments

2014                                                                                                                       $13,023

2015                                                                                                                            8,373

2016                                                                                                                            5,832

2017                                                                                                                            4,290

2018                                                                                                                            4,290

Thereafter                                                                                                                      7,272

Total                                                                                                                      $43,080



13. LEASES
         (a)   Capital leases

               The Company has entered into sale-leaseback agreements with third parties for various fixed and mobile
               equipment within Canada. These arrangements represent sale-leaseback transactions in accordance with ASC
               840-40 – Sale-Leaseback Transactions. The sale-leaseback agreements have an average effective annual
               interest rate of 5.9% and the average length of the contracts is 4.7 years.

               All of the sale-leaseback agreements have end of lease clauses that qualify as bargain purchase options that
               the Company expects to execute. As at December 31, 2013, the total gross amount of assets recorded under
               sale-leaseback capital leases amounted to $37.6 million (2012 – $33.9 million).

               The Company has agreements with third party providers of mobile equipment that are used at the Meadowbank
               mine. These arrangements represent capital leases in accordance with the guidance in ASC 840-30 – Capital
               Leases. The leases for mobile equipment at the Meadowbank mine are for five years and the effective annual
               interest rate on these leases is 5.5%.

40      AGNICO EAGLE
        ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 The following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments under capital leases together with the present
                 value of the net minimum lease payments as at December 31, 2013:

                                                                                                                    Minimum
                                                                                                                  Capital Lease
                                                                                                                   Payments

2014                                                                                                                        $12,776

2015                                                                                                                          5,678

2016                                                                                                                          2,268

2017                                                                                                                          2,268

2018                                                                                                                          2,268

Thereafter                                                                                                                          –

Total minimum lease payments                                                                                                 25,258

Less amount representing interest                                                                                             1,380

Present value of net minimum lease payments                                                                                 $23,878


                 The Company's capital lease obligations are comprised of the following:

                                                                                                           As at December 31,

                                                                                                           2013            2012

Total future lease payments                                                                                 $25,258    $     26,668

Less: interest                                                                                                1,380           1,605

                                                                                                             23,878          25,063

Less: current portion                                                                                        12,035          12,955

Long-term portion of capital lease obligations                                                              $11,843    $     12,108


                 At December 31, 2013, the gross amount of assets recorded under capital leases, including sale-leaseback
                 capital leases was $51.8 million (2012 – $51.0 million; 2011 – $56.9 million). The charge to income resulting
                 from the amortization of assets recorded under capital leases is included in the amortization of property, plant
                 and mine development line item of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive
                 income (loss).

       (b)       Operating leases

                 The Company has a number of operating lease agreements involving office space. Some of the leases for office
                 facilities contain escalation clauses for increases in operating costs and property taxes. Future minimum lease

                                                                                                         AGNICO EAGLE             41
                                                                     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               payments required to meet obligations that have initial or remaining non-cancellable lease terms in excess of
               one year as at December 31, 2013 are as follows:

                                                                                                       Minimum Operating
                                                                                                        Lease Payments

2014                                                                                                                      $1,783

2015                                                                                                                       1,032

2016                                                                                                                         822

2017                                                                                                                         816

2018                                                                                                                         836

Thereafter                                                                                                                 2,470

Total                                                                                                                     $7,759


               The portion of operating leases relating to rental expense was $1.6 million in 2013 (2012 – $1.1 million; 2011 –
               $0.9 million).

14. RESTRICTED CASH
As part of the Company's insurance programs fronted by a third party provider and reinsured through the Company's internal
insurance program, the third party provider requires that cash of $6.9 million be restricted as at December 31, 2013
(December 31, 2012 – $4.7 million).

As part of the Company's tax planning, $32.0 million was contributed to a qualified environmental trust ("QET") in
December 2011 to fulfill the requirement of financial security for costs related to the environmental remediation of the Goldex
mine. During the year ended December 31, 2013, $2.8 million (2012 – $12.0 million) was withdrawn from the QET to fund the
environmental remediation expenditures. As at December 31, 2013, $16.8 million (December 31, 2012 – $20.7 million)
remained in the QET.

On December 30, 2013, the Company deposited $5.0 million into a restricted account in connection with a Subscription
Agreement to acquire 5,000 shares of Tocqueville Bullion Reserve, Ltd. at a price of $1,000 per share. The acquisition was
completed subsequent to year end on January 2, 2014.

15. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
From time to time, Agnico Eagle has entered into financial instruments with financial institutions in order to hedge underlying
cash flow and fair value exposure arising from changes in commodity prices, interest rates, equity prices or foreign currency
exchange rates.

Currency risk management

In 2013 and 2012, financial instruments that subjected Agnico Eagle to market risk and concentration of credit risk consisted
primarily of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. Agnico Eagle places its cash and cash equivalents and
short-term investments in high quality securities issued by government agencies, financial institutions and major corporations
and limits the amount of credit exposure by diversifying its holdings.

42      AGNICO EAGLE
        ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Agnico Eagle generates almost all of its revenues in US dollars. The Company's Canadian operations, which include the
LaRonde, Goldex, Lapa and Meadowbank mines and the Meliadine project have Canadian dollar requirements for capital,
operating and exploration expenditures.

The Company uses foreign exchange hedges to reduce the variability in expected future cash flows arising from changes in
foreign currency exchange rates. The hedged items represent a portion of the Canadian dollar denominated cash outflows
arising from Canadian dollar denominated expenditures in 2013.

As at December 31, 2013, the Company had outstanding foreign exchange zero cost collars with a cash flow hedging
relationship that did qualify for hedge accounting under ASC 815 – Derivatives and Hedging. The purchase of US dollar put
options was financed through selling US dollar call options at a higher level such that the net premium payable to the different
counterparties by the Company was nil. At December 31, 2013, the zero cost collars hedged $60.0 million of 2014
expenditures and the Company recognized mark-to-market adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive loss.

Amounts deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified to the production costs line item on the
consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), as applicable, when the hedged transaction has
occurred. Mark-to-market gains (losses) related to foreign exchange derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value
based on broker- dealer quotations that utilize period end forward pricing of the currency hedged.

The Company's other foreign currency derivative strategies in 2013 consisted mainly of writing US dollar call options with
short maturities to generate premiums that would, in essence, enhance the spot transaction rate received when exchanging
US dollars to Canadian dollars. All of these derivative transactions expired prior to year end such that no derivatives were
outstanding as at December 31, 2013. The call option premiums were recognized in the loss (gain) on derivative financial
instruments line item of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss).

Commodity price risk management

The Company uses intra-quarter zinc, copper and silver derivative financial instruments associated with the timing of sales of
the related products that were recognized in the (gain) loss on derivative financial instruments line item of the consolidated
statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). There were no zinc, copper or silver intra-quarter derivative
financial instruments outstanding at December 31, 2013 or December 31, 2012.

To mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating diesel fuel prices, the Company uses derivative financial instrument contracts
to hedge the price on a portion of diesel fuel costs associated with the Meadowbank mine's diesel fuel exposure as it relates
to operating costs. Financial contracts that expired in 2013 and totaled 10.5 million gallons of heating oil were entered into at
an average price of $2.99 per gallon, which is approximately 55.0% of the Meadowbank mine's expected 2013 diesel fuel
operating costs. These contracts did qualify for hedge accounting and the related market-to-market adjustments prior to
settlement were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss. All heating oil derivative financial instrument contracts
settled in 2013.

Amounts deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified to the production costs line item on the
consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), as applicable, when the derivative financial
instrument has settled. Mark-to-market gains (losses) related to heating oil derivative financial instruments are based on
broker-dealer quotations that utilize period end forward pricing to calculate fair value.

As at December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no metal derivative positions. The Company may from time to time utilize
short-term (including intra-quarter) financial instruments as part of its strategy to minimize risks and optimize returns on its
byproduct metal sales.

Other required derivative disclosures can be found in note 7(d), accumulated other comprehensive loss.

                                                                                                        AGNICO EAGLE               43
                                                                    ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table provides a summary of the amounts recognized in the (gain) loss on derivative financial instruments line
item of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss):

                                                                                                             Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                                          2013             2012             2011

Premiums realized on written foreign exchange call options                                                 $3,375            $1,505           $4,995

Realized loss on foreign exchange forwards                                                                        –                 –          (1,407)

Realized gain on zinc derivative financial instruments                                                           60              430           3,419

Realized gain on copper derivative financial instruments                                                          –               63               79

Realized loss on silver derivative financial instruments                                                          –                 –          (3,403)

Mark-to-market gain on derivative equity contracts(i)                                                        1,389                  –                –

Mark-to-market loss on warrants(i)                                                                            (488)          (1,294)                 –

Realized loss on warrants                                                                                   (2,827)                 –                –

Realized loss on heating oil derivative financial instruments                                                     –          (1,523)                 –

Gain (loss) on derivative financial instruments                                                            $1,509             $(819)          $3,683


Note:

(i)      Mark-to-market gains and losses on financial instruments that did not qualify for hedge accounting are recognized through the (gain) loss on
         derivative financial instruments line item of the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) and through the other
         line item of the consolidated statements of cash flow.

Agnico Eagle's exposure to interest rate risk at December 31, 2013 relates to its cash and cash equivalents, short-term
investments and restricted cash totaling $170.0 million (2012 – $332.0 million) and the Credit Facility. The Company's short-
term investments and cash equivalents have a fixed weighted average interest rate of 0.53% (2012 – 0.47%).

The fair values of Agnico Eagle's current financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying values as at
December 31, 2013.

16. GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE
As a result of a kitchen fire at the Meadowbank mine in March 2011, the Company recognized a loss on disposal of the
kitchen of $6.9 million, incurred related costs of $7.4 million and recognized an insurance receivable of $11.2 million. The
difference of $3.1 million was recognized in the general and administrative line item of the consolidated statements of income
(loss) and comprehensive income (loss) in the first quarter of 2011.

During the subsequent months of 2011, the Company received $2.4 million of insurance proceeds and had a remaining
insurance receivable of $8.8 million recorded in the other current assets line item of the consolidated balance sheets as at
December 31, 2011. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company received $2.2 million of insurance proceeds
and had a remaining insurance receivable of $6.6 million as at December 31, 2012. During the year ended December 31,
2013, the Company received $5.2 million of insurance proceeds and had a remaining insurance receivable of $0.7 million as
at December 31, 2013.

44      AGNICO EAGLE
        ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
17. LOSS ON GOLDEX MINE
On October 19, 2011, the Company announced that it was suspending mining operations and gold production at the Goldex
mine in Quebec, Canada, effective immediately. This decision followed the receipt of an opinion from a second rock
mechanics consulting firm which recommended that underground mining operations be halted. It appeared that a weak
volcanic rock unit in the hanging wall above the GEZ of the Goldex mine deposit had failed. This rock failure was thought to
extend between the top of the deposit and surface. As a result, this structure allowed an increase in ground water to flow into
the mine.

As at September 30, 2011, Agnico Eagle had written off its investment in the Goldex mine (net of expected residual value),
written off the underground ore stockpile and recorded a provision for the anticipated costs of environmental remediation.
Given the amount of uncertainty in estimating the fair value of the Goldex mine property, plant, and mine development, the
Company determined that the fair value was equal to the residual value. All of the remaining 1.6 million ounces of proven and
probable mineral reserves at the Goldex mine, other than the ore stockpiled on surface, were reclassified as mineral
resources effective September 30, 2011.

The mill processed feed from the remaining surface stockpile at the Goldex mine in October 2011.

Impairment loss on Goldex mine property, plant, and mine development                                              $     237,110

Loss on underground ore stockpile                                                                                        16,641

Supplies inventory obsolescence provision                                                                                  1,915

Increase in environmental remediation liability                                                                          47,227

Loss on Goldex mine (before income and mining taxes) for the year ended December 31, 2011                         $     302,893


The environmental remediation liability for the anticipated costs of remediation associated with the suspension of operations at
the Goldex mine has required management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount. In making
judgments in accordance with US GAAP, the Company uses estimates based on historical experience and various
assumptions that are considered reasonable in the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

In July 2012, the Company's Board approved the development of the M and E Zones at the Goldex mine. The operations in
the GEZ remain suspended indefinitely.

18. IMPAIRMENT LOSS
As at December 31, 2013

As at December 31, 2013, the Company identified the continued decline in the market price of gold as an indicator of potential
impairment for the Company's long-lived assets and goodwill. As a result of the identification of this indicator, the Company
evaluated its long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment on an asset group and reporting unit basis, respectively, using
updated assumptions and estimates.

                                                                                                      AGNICO EAGLE           45
                                                                  ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following impairment losses were recorded as at December 31, 2013 as a result of the impairment evaluation:

                                                                           As at December 31, 2013

                                                                                                                  Impairment
                                                    Pre-impairment        Impairment       Post-impairment            Loss
                                                    Carrying Value           Loss           Carrying Value         (net of tax)

Property, plant and mine development:

  Meadowbank mine                                           $732,499        $(269,269)              $463,230         $(194,511)

  Lapa mine                                                   136,766          (67,894)                68,872          (41,687)

                                                            $869,265        $(337,163)              $532,102         $(236,198)



Goodwill:

  Meliadine project                                         $200,064        $(200,064)                      $–       $(200,064)

                                                                            $(537,227)                               $(436,262)


Estimated fair values for the Meadowbank mine and Lapa mine were calculated by discounting the estimated future net cash
flows using discount rates of 6.5% and 5.5% (in nominal terms), respectively, commensurate with their individual estimated
levels of risk. These calculations were based on estimates of future production levels applying gold prices of $1,238 to $1,300
per ounce (in real terms), foreign exchange rates of US$0.90:C$1.00 to US$0.93:C$1.00, inflation rates of 2.0% and capital,
operating and reclamation costs based on updated life-of-mine plans. Average gold recovery rates applied were 92.3% and
78.3% for the Meadowbank mine and Lapa mine, respectively.

Estimated after-tax discounted future net cash flows of reporting units with goodwill were calculated as at December 31, 2013.
These calculations were based on estimates of future production levels applying long-term gold prices of $1,238 to $1,300 per
ounce (in real terms), foreign exchange rates of US$0.90:C$1.00 to US$0.93:C$1.00, inflation rates of 2.0% and capital,
operating and reclamation costs based on updated life-of-mine plans. The average gold recovery rate applied to the Meliadine
project was 95.1%. A discount rate of 8.0% was used to calculate the estimated after-tax discounted future net cash flows of
the Meliadine project reporting unit, commensurate with its individual estimated level of risk.

Discount rates were based on each asset group's weighted average cost of capital, of which the two main components are the
cost of equity and the after-tax cost of debt. Cost of equity was calculated based on the capital asset pricing model,
incorporating the risk-free rate of return based on Government of Canada marketable bond yields as at the valuation date, the
Company's beta coefficient adjustment to the market equity risk premium based on the volatility of the Company's return in
relation to that of a comparable market portfolio, plus a size premium and Company-specific risk factor. Cost of debt was
determined by applying an appropriate market indication of the Company's borrowing capabilities and the corporate income
tax rate applicable to each asset group's jurisdiction.

Management's estimate of future net cash flows is subject to risk and uncertainties. Therefore, it is reasonably possible that
changes could occur which may affect the recoverability of the Company's long-lived assets and goodwill. This may have a
material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

As at December 31, 2011

As at December 31, 2011, the Company performed a full review of the Meadowbank mine operations and updated the related
life-of-mine plan. This review considered the exploration potential of the area, the mineral reserves and resources,

46   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the projected operating costs in light of the persistently high operating costs experienced since commencement of commercial
operations, metallurgical performance and gold price. These served as inputs into pit optimizations to determine which
reserves and resources could be economically mined and be considered as mineable mineral reserves. As a result of these
factors, an updated mine plan with a shorter mine life was developed and cash flows calculated, resulting in the following
impairment losses being recorded as at December 31, 2011:

                                                                          As at December 31, 2011

                                                                                                                Impairment
                                                   Pre-impairment       Impairment       Post-impairment            Loss
                                                   Carrying Value          Loss           Carrying Value         (net of tax)

Property, plant and mine development:

  Meadowbank mine                                         $1,670,838       $(907,681)              $763,157        $(644,903)


The estimated fair value of the Meadowbank mine was calculated as at December 31, 2011 by discounting the estimated
future net cash flows using a 7.0% discount rate (in nominal terms), commensurate with the estimated level of risk. This
calculation was based on estimates of future gold production applying long-term gold prices of $1,250 to $1,553 per ounce
(in real terms), foreign exchange rates of US$0.92:C$1.00 to US$0.97:C$1.00, an inflation rate of 2.0%, increased cost
estimates based on revised operating levels and an average gold recovery of 92.9%. Future expected operating costs, capital
expenditures and asset retirement obligations were based on the updated life-of-mine plan.

Management's estimate of future cash flows is subject to risk and uncertainties. Therefore, it is reasonably possible that
changes could occur which may affect the recoverability of the Company's long-lived assets and may have a material effect on
the Company's consolidated financial statements.

19. SEGMENTED INFORMATION
Agnico Eagle operates in a single industry, namely exploration for and production of gold. The Company's primary operations
are in Canada, Mexico and Finland. The Company identifies its reportable segments as those operations whose operating
results are reviewed by the Chief Executive Officer and that represent more than 10% of the combined revenue, profit or loss
or total assets of all operating segments. Each of the Company's significant operating mines and projects are considered to be
separate segments. Certain operating segments that do not meet the quantitative thresholds are still disclosed when the
Company believes that the information is useful. Segment results for 2012 and 2011 have been retrospectively revised to
reflect organizational changes in 2013 that created three business units consisting of the Northern business unit, the Southern
business unit, and the Exploration business unit. However, under this revised organizational structure the Chief Executive
Officer also reviews segment income (defined as revenues from mining operations less production costs, exploration and
corporate development and impairment losses) on a mine-by-mine basis. The following are the Company's reportable
segments organized according to their relationship with the Company's three business units and reflect how the Company
manages its business and how it classifies its operations for planning and measuring performance:

Northern Business:        LaRonde mine, Lapa mine, Goldex mine, Meadowbank mine, Meliadine project and Kittila mine

Southern Business:        Pinos Altos mine, Creston Mascota deposit at Pinos Altos and La India project

Exploration:              United States Exploration office, Europe Exploration office, Canada Exploration offices and Latin
                          America Exploration office


The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in the accounting policies note. There
are no transactions between the reportable segments affecting revenue. Production costs for the reportable segments are net
of intercompany transactions.

                                                                                                     AGNICO EAGLE             47
                                                                 ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate and other (including Urastar) assets and specific income and expense items are set out separately below.

The Creston Mascota deposit at Pinos Altos achieved commercial production on March 1, 2011. The LaRonde mine extension
achieved commercial production on December 1, 2011. The Goldex mine achieved commercial production on
October 1, 2013.

                                              Revenues                           Exploration                     Segment
Year ended                                   from Mining           Production   and Corporate       Impairment    Income
December 31, 2013                             Operations             Costs      Development            Loss        (Loss)

Northern Business:
LaRonde mine                                 $       329,900   $      (229,911) $          —    $            — $ 99,989
Lapa mine                                            141,167           (69,532)            —            (67,894)    3,741
Goldex mine                                           21,418           (13,172)            —                 —      8,246
Meadowbank mine                                      591,473          (363,894)            —           (269,269)  (41,690)
Meliadine project                                         —                 —              —           (200,064) (200,064)
Kittila mine                                         209,723           (98,446)            —                 —    111,277

Total Northern Business                      $    1,293,681    $      (774,955) $          —    $      (537,227) $    (18,501)


Southern Business:
Pinos Altos mine                             $       303,203   $      (130,129) $          —    $            —   $ 173,074
Creston Mascota deposit at Pinos Altos                41,522           (19,843)            —                 —      21,679

Total Southern Business                      $       344,725   $      (149,972) $          —    $            —   $ 194,753

Exploration                                  $            —    $            —   $     (44,236) $             —   $    (44,236)

Segment income (loss)                        $    1,638,406    $      (924,927) $     (44,236) $       (537,227) $ 132,016


Segment income                                                                                               $       132,016

Corporate and other:

  Foreign currency translation gain                                                                                     7,188

  Amortization of property, plant and mine development                                                               (296,078)

  Interest and sundry expense                                                                                          (8,824)

  Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities                                                                           74

  Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                              1,509

  General and administrative                                                                                         (115,800)

  Impairment loss on available-for-sale securities                                                                    (34,272)

  Provincial capital tax                                                                                                1,504

  Interest expense                                                                                                    (57,999)

Loss before income and mining taxes                                                                          $       (370,682)



48   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          Revenues                         Exploration            Segment
Year ended                                               from Mining         Production   and Corporate            Income
December 31, 2012                                         Operations           Costs      Development               (Loss)

Northern Business:
LaRonde mine                                             $    399,243    $      (225,647) $           — $           173,596
Lapa mine                                                     173,753            (73,376)             —             100,377
Goldex mine                                                        —                  —          (37,627)           (37,627)
Meadowbank mine                                               609,625           (347,710)             —             261,915
Kittila mine                                                  284,429            (98,037)             —             186,392

Total Northern Business                                  $   1,467,050   $      (744,770) $      (37,627) $         684,653


Southern Business:
Pinos Altos mine                                         $    363,113    $      (128,618) $           —       $     234,495
Creston Mascota deposit at Pinos Altos                         87,551            (24,324)             —              63,227

Total Southern Business                                  $    450,664    $      (152,942) $           —       $     297,722

Exploration                                              $         —     $            —   $      (71,873) $         (71,873)

Segment income (loss)                                    $   1,917,714   $      (897,712) $     (109,500) $         910,502


Segment income                                                                                            $         910,502

Corporate and other:

  Foreign currency translation loss                                                                                 (16,320)

  Amortization of property, plant and mine development                                                             (271,861)

  Interest and sundry expense                                                                                        (2,389)

  Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities                                                                       9,733

  Loss on derivative financial instruments                                                                             (819)

  General and administrative                                                                                       (119,085)

  Impairment loss on available-for-sale securities                                                                  (12,732)

  Provincial capital tax                                                                                             (4,001)

  Interest expense                                                                                                  (57,887)

Income before income and mining taxes                                                                     $         435,141



                                                                                                   AGNICO EAGLE          49
                                                               ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        Revenues                       Exploration       Loss on                Segment
Year ended                             from Mining     Production     and Corporate      Goldex    Impairment     (Loss)
December 31, 2011                       Operations       Costs        Development         Mine        Loss       Income

Northern Business:
LaRonde mine                          $      398,609 $    (209,947) $            — $       — $              — $ 188,662
Lapa mine                                    167,536       (68,599)              —         —                —     98,937
Goldex mine                                  217,662       (56,939)              —   (302,893)              —   (142,170)
Meadowbank mine                              434,051      (284,502)              —         —          (907,681) (758,132)
Kittila mine                                 225,612      (110,477)              —         —                —    115,135

Total Northern Business               $   1,443,470 $     (730,464) $            — $ (302,893) $      (907,681) $ (497,568)


Southern Business:
Pinos Altos mine                      $      321,074 $    (131,044) $            — $           — $          — $ 190,030
Creston Mascota deposit at Pinos
Altos                                         57,255       (14,570)              —                                 42,685

Total Southern Business               $      378,329 $    (145,614) $            — $           — $          — $ 232,715

Exploration                           $           — $           — $         (75,721) $         — $          — $    (75,721)

Segment income (loss)                 $   1,821,799 $     (876,078) $       (75,721) $ (302,893) $    (907,681) $ (340,574)


Segment loss                                                                                               $      (340,574)

Corporate and other:

  Foreign currency translation gain                                                                                  1,082

  Amortization of property, plant and mine development                                                            (261,781)

  Interest and sundry expense                                                                                       (5,188)

  Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities                                                                      4,907

  Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                           3,683

  General and administrative                                                                                      (107,926)

  Impairment loss on available-for-sale securities                                                                  (8,569)

  Provincial capital tax                                                                                            (9,223)

  Interest expense                                                                                                 (55,039)

Loss before income and mining taxes                                                                        $      (778,628)



50   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        Total Assets as at
                                                                          December 31,

                                                                     2013            2012

Northern Business:

LaRonde mine                                                     $     878,719   $     849,304

Lapa mine                                                               78,293         168,712

Goldex mine                                                            120,601          56,819

Meadowbank mine                                                        711,387       1,005,890

Meliadine project                                                      877,923       1,015,485

Kittila mine                                                           870,332         837,002

Total Northern Business                                          $   3,537,255   $   3,933,212


Southern Business:

Pinos Altos mine                                                 $     537,560   $     610,217

Creston Mascota deposit at Pinos Altos                                  86,185          68,735

La India project                                                       512,450         377,049

Total Southern Business                                              1,136,195       1,056,001

Exploration                                                             19,838          19,225

Corporate and other                                                    266,071         247,681

Total                                                            $   4,959,359   $    5,256,119



                                                                             AGNICO EAGLE    51
                                         ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        Capital Expenditures
                                                                      Year Ended December 31,

                                                               2013            2012            2011

Northern Business:

LaRonde mine                                               $    84,292     $    75,214     $    90,735

Lapa mine                                                       22,738          18,475          18,397

Goldex mine                                                     65,063          26,822          42,232

Meadowbank mine                                                 76,811         105,095         116,860

Meliadine project                                               61,412          83,343          73,944

Kittila mine                                                    83,770          60,036          86,514

Total Northern Business                                    $   394,086     $   368,985     $   428,682


Southern Business:

Pinos Altos mine                                           $    42,835     $    24,212     $    32,407

Creston Mascota deposit at Pinos Altos                          17,582           5,777           7,559

La India project                                               116,786          39,236                —

Total Southern Business                                    $   177,203     $    69,225     $    39,966

Exploration                                                $           —   $          55   $     8,561

Corporate and other                                        $     6,500     $     7,285     $     5,622

Total                                                      $   577,789     $   445,550     $   482,831



52      AGNICO EAGLE
        ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table sets out the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment:

                                                                 Meliadine           La India           Corporate
                                                                  project            project            and other           Total

Cost

Balance at January 1, 2013                                   $       200,064     $      29,215      $               –   $    229,279

Purchase of Urastar Gold Corporation (note 10)                               –                  –             9,802            9,802

Balance at December 31, 2013                                 $       200,064     $      29,215      $         9,802     $    239,081



Accumulated impairment

Balance at January 1, 2013                                   $               –   $              –   $               –   $           –

Impairment loss                                                     (200,064)                   –                   –       (200,064)

Balance at December 31, 2013                                 $      (200,064) $                 –   $               –   $   (200,064)




Carrying amount                                              $               –   $      29,215      $         9,802     $     39,017



20. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On January 13, 2014, the Company executed an Asset Purchase Agreement with Alexandria Minerals Corporation ("AMC") to
purchase the Akasaba West Property in Quebec, Canada for cash consideration of C$5.0 million. Agnico Eagle assumes pre-
existing underlying royalty obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement relating to specific Akasaba West Property mining
claims ranging from a 2% net smelter returns production royalty to a 20% net proceeds of production royalty. The Company
also entered into a 2% Net Smelter Return Royalty ("Royalty") Agreement with AMC on January 13, 2014 relating to all
Akasaba West Property mineral and metal production after 210,000 ounces of gold has been produced. The Company has the
right to purchase one-half of the Royalty from AMC at any time for cash consideration of C$7.0 million.

On January 28, 2014, the Company purchased common shares and warrants in a mining industry entity for total consideration
of C$9.3 million.

On February 12, 2014, Agnico Eagle announced that the Board approved the payment of a quarterly cash dividend of $0.08
per common share, payable on March 17, 2014 to holders of record of the common shares of the Company on March 3, 2014.

21. SECURITIES CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS
On November 7, 2011 and November 22, 2011, the Company and certain current and former senior officers, some of whom
also are or were directors of the Company, were named as defendants in two putative class action lawsuits, styled Jerome
Stone v. Agnico-Eagle Mines Ltd., et al., and Chris Hastings v. Agnico-Eagle Mines Limited, et al., respectively, which were
filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. On February 6, 2012, the Court ordered that the
two complaints be consolidated under the caption In re Agnico-Eagle Mines Ltd. Securities Litigation, and lead counsel was
appointed. On April 6, 2012, a Consolidated Complaint was issued against the Company and certain of its current and former
senior officers and directors. The Consolidated Complaint alleges that the Company had violated

                                                                                                       AGNICO EAGLE                 53
                                                                   ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
federal securities law in connection with its disclosure related to the Goldex mine. The Consolidated Complaint seeks, among
other things, damages on behalf of persons who purchased or acquired securities of the Company during the period July 28,
2010 to October 19, 2011. The Consolidated Complaint has not been certified as a class action, and the Company intends to
vigorously defend it. On January 14, 2013, Judge Oetken granted the Company's motion to dismiss the Consolidated
Complaint and all claims therein and denied the plaintiffs' request for leave to amend the Consolidated Complaint. On
February 12, 2013, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal to the United States Court for Appeals for the Second Circuit. The
appeal was heard on September 23, 2013, and on October 3, 2013 the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the
decision below dismissing the Consolidated Complaint. The time for the plaintiffs to file a petition for a writ of certiorari,
requesting a review by the United States Supreme Court, has expired and the judgment dismissing the plaintiffs' Consolidated
Complaint is now final and no longer appealable.

On March 8, 2012 and April 10, 2012, a Notice of Action and Statement of Claim (collectively, the "Ontario Claim") were issued
by William Leslie, AFA Livforsakringsaktiebolag and certain other entities against the Company and certain of its current and
former officers, some of whom also are or were directors of the Company. On September 27, 2012, the plaintiffs issued a
Fresh as Amended Statement of Claim. The Fresh as Amended Statement of Claim alleges that the Company's public
disclosure concerning water flow issues at its Goldex mine was misleading. The Ontario Claim was issued by the plaintiffs on
behalf of all persons and entities who acquired securities of the Company during the period March 26, 2010 to October 19,
2011, excluding persons resident or domiciled in the Province of Quebec at the time they purchased or acquired such
securities. The plaintiffs seek, among other things, damages of C$250.0 million and to certify the Ontario Claim as a class
action. On April 17, 2013 an Order was granted on consent certifying a class action proceeding and granting leave for the
claims under Section 138 of the Securities Act (Ontario) to proceed. The Company intends to vigorously defend the action on
the merits.

On April 12, 2012, two senior officers of the Company, who also are or were directors of the Company, were served with a
Motion for Leave to Institute a Class Action and for the Appointment of a Representative Plaintiff (the "Quebec Motion"). The
action is on behalf of all persons and entities with fewer than 50 employees resident in Quebec who acquired securities of the
Company between March 26, 2010 and October 19, 2011. The proposed class action is for damages of C$100.0 million
arising as a result of allegedly misleading disclosure by the Company concerning its operations at the Goldex mine. On
October 15, 2012, the plaintiffs served an amended Quebec Motion seeking leave to commence an action under the
Securities Act (Quebec) in addition to seeking authorization to institute a class action. On October 1, 2013, the Quebec court
certified the class action on terms identical to those set out in the consent Order granted in Ontario on April 17, 2013. No date
has been set for the hearing to argue the class action on the merits. The Company intends to vigorously defend the action on
the merits.

54   AGNICO EAGLE
     ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
QuickLinks
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING
MANAGEMENT CERTIFICATION
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (thousands of United States dollars, except share
amounts, US GAAP basis)
