EX-99.1 2 tm2318988d2_ex99-1.htm EXHIBIT 99.1
​




                                                                               Exhibit 99.1​




                                      [MISSING IMAGE: lg_agnicoeagle-bw.jpg]




                             Second Quarter Report 2023
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023
    This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) dated July 26, 2023 of Agnico Eagle Mines
    Limited (“Agnico Eagle” or the “Company”) should be read in conjunction with the Company’s condensed
    interim consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 (the “Second
    Quarter Financial Statements”) that were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
    Standards (“IFRS”), International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued
    by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). This MD&A should also be read in conjunction
    with the Company’s annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“Annual MD&A”) and annual
    consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS (“Annual Financial Statements”) filed
    with Canadian securities regulators and included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 40-F for the
    year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Form 40-F”). The condensed interim consolidated financial statements
    and this MD&A are presented in United States dollars (“US dollars”, “$” or “US$”) and all units of
    measurement are expressed using the metric system, unless otherwise specified. Certain information in this
    MD&A is presented in Canadian dollars (“C$”), Australian dollars (“A$”), Mexican pesos or European
    Union euros (“Euros” or “€”). Additional information relating to the Company is included in the Company’s
    Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “AIF”). The AIF, Annual MD&A and
    Annual Financial Statements are available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ (the “CSA”) SEDAR
    website at www.sedarplus.ca and the Form 40-F is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    (“SEC”) at www.sec.gov/edgar.

    Forward Looking Statements

    Certain statements contained in this MD&A referred to herein as “forward-looking statements”, constitute
    “forward-looking information” under the provisions of Canadian provincial securities laws and constitute
    “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
    Act of 1995. These statements relate to, among other things, the Company’s plans, objectives, expectations,
    estimates, beliefs, strategies and intentions and can generally be identified by the use of words such as
    “anticipate”, “believe”, “budget”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “forecast”, “likely”, “may”, “plan”,
    “project”, “schedule”, “should”, “target”, “will”, “would” or other variations of these terms or similar
    words. Forward-looking statements in this MD&A include statements regarding the following:
        • the Company’s outlook for 2023 and future periods, including metal production, estimated ore
          grades, recovery rates, project timelines, drilling results, life of mine estimates, total cash costs per
          ounce, all-in sustaining costs per ounce, minesite costs per tonne, other expenses, cash flows;
        • future earnings and the sensitivity of earnings to gold and other metal prices;
        • estimated timing and conclusions of technical studies and evaluations;
        • the methods by which ore will be extracted or processed;
        • the Company’s expansion plans at Kittila, Meliadine Phase 2, the Amaruq underground project and
          the Odyssey project, including the timing, funding, completion and commissioning thereof and
          production therefrom;
        • the Company’s plans at the Hope Bay project;
        • other expansion projects, recovery rates, mill throughput, optimization and projected exploration,
          including costs and other estimates upon which such projections are based;
        • timing and amounts of capital expenditures, other expenditures and other cash needs, and
          expectations as to the funding thereof;
        • estimates of future mineral reserves, mineral resources, mineral production and sales;
        • the projected development of certain ore deposits, including estimates of exploration, development
          and production and other capital costs and estimates of the timing of such exploration, development
          and production or decisions with respect to such exploration, development and production;


                                                          1
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

        • estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources and their sensitivities to gold prices and other
          factors, ore grades and mineral recoveries and statements regarding anticipated future exploration
          results;
        • the Company’s ability to obtain the necessary permits and authorizations in connection with its
          proposed or current exploration, development and mining operations and the anticipated timing
          thereof;
        • anticipated future exploration;
        • the anticipated timing of events with respect to the Company’s mine sites;
        • the sufficiency of the Company’s cash resources;
        • future activity with respect to the Company’s unsecured revolving bank credit facility;
        • anticipated trends with respect to the Company’s operations, exploration and the funding thereof;
        • anticipated levels or trends for prices of gold and by-product metals mined by the Company or for
          exchange rates between currencies in which capital is raised, revenue is generated or expenses are
          incurred by the Company;
        • the transition to “pillarless” mining at the LaRonde mine and its effect on the Company’s ability to
          manage seismicity risks;
        • the joint venture with Teck Resources Limited for the San Nicolas copper-zinc project;
        • estimates of future costs and other liabilities for environmental remediation;
        • anticipated legislation and regulations, including with respect to climate change, and estimates of the
          impact on the Company; and
        • the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to reduce the spread of COVID-19 on the
          Company’s future operations, including its employees and business;
    Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of factors and assumptions that, while
    considered reasonable by Agnico Eagle as of the date of such statements, are inherently subject to
    significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies. The material factors and
    assumptions of Agnico Eagle upon which the forward-looking statements in this MD&A are based, and
    which may prove to be incorrect, include the assumptions set out elsewhere in this MD&A as well as:
    mining or milling issues, political changes, title issues, community protests, including by First Nations
    groups, or otherwise; that permitting, development, expansion and the ramp-up of operations at each of
    Agnico Eagle’s mines, mine development projects and exploration projects proceed on a basis consistent
    with expectations and that Agnico Eagle does not change its exploration or development plans relating to
    such projects; that governments, the Company or others do not take measures in response to the COVID-19
    pandemic or otherwise that, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect the Company’s ability to
    operate its business and that there are no other significant disruptions affecting Agnico Eagle’s operations,
    whether due to labour disruptions, supply disruptions, damage to equipment, natural or man-made
    occurrences, disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic or other health and safety issues, or the
    responses of governments, communities, Agnico Eagle and others to such pandemic or other issues; that the
    exchange rates between the Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Euro, Mexican peso and the US dollar will
    be approximately consistent with current levels or as set out in this MD&A; that prices for gold, silver, zinc
    and copper will be consistent with Agnico Eagle’s expectations; that prices for key mining and construction
    supplies, including labour costs, remain consistent with Agnico Eagle’s expectations; that production meets
    current expectations; that Agnico Eagle’s current estimates of mineral reserves, mineral resources, mineral
    grades and mineral recoveries are accurate; that there are no material delays in the timing for completion of
    development projects; and that there are no material variations in the current tax and regulatory
    environments that affect Agnico Eagle.


                                                          2
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    The forward-looking statements in this MD&A reflect the Company’s views as at the date of this MD&A
    and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause the actual results,
    performance or achievements of the Company or industry results to be materially different from any future
    results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such
    factors include, the risk factors set out in “Risk Factors” in our most recent Form 40-F/AIF on file with the
    SEC and Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities. Given these uncertainties, readers are
    cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
    made. Except as otherwise required by law, the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking
    to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any change in the Company’s
    expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

    Meaning of “including” and “such as”: When used in this MD&A the terms “including” and “such as” mean
    including and such as, without limitation.




                                                         3
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    NOTE TO INVESTORS CONCERNING CERTAIN MEASURES OF PERFORMANCE

    This MD&A discloses certain financial performance measures, including “total cash costs per ounce”, “all-
    in sustaining costs per ounce”, “minesite costs per tonne”, “adjusted net income”, “adjusted net income per
    share”, “sustaining capital expenditures”, “development capital expenditures”, and “operating margin” that
    are not standardized measures under IFRS. These measures may not be comparable to similar measures
    reported by other gold producers. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable
    financial information presented in the condensed interim consolidated financial statements prepared in
    accordance with IFRS, see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures in this MD&A. For a reconciliation
    of these measures to the most directly comparable condensed interim consolidated financial statements
    prepared in accordance with IFRS, see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures in this MD&A.
    The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (also referred to as total cash costs per ounce) is reported on
    both a by-product basis (deducting by-product metal revenues from production costs) and co-product basis
    (without deducting by-product metal revenues). The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is intended
    to provide information about the cash-generating capabilities of the Company’s mining operations. Total
    cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis is calculated by adjusting production costs as
    recorded in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income (loss) for by-product revenues,
    inventory production costs, the impact of purchase price allocation in connection to the Merger (as defined
    below) or acquisitions to inventory accounting, realized gains and losses on hedges of production costs,
    operational care and maintenance costs due to COVID-19 and other adjustments, which include the costs
    associated with a 5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Canadian Malartic complex, a 2% in-kind royalty
    paid respect of the Detour Lake mine, a 1.5% in-kind royalty paid respect of the Macassa mine, as well as
    smelting, refining and marketing charges and then dividing by the number of ounces of gold produced.
    Certain line items such as operational care and maintenance costs due to COVID-19 and realized gains and
    losses on hedges of production costs were previously classified as “other adjustments” and are now
    disclosed separately to provide additional detail on the reconciliation, allowing investors to better
    understand the impacts of such events on the cash operating costs per ounce and minesite costs per tonne. In
    addition, given the extraordinary nature of the fair value adjustment on inventory related to mergers and
    acquisitions and the use of the total cash costs per ounce measure to reflect the cash generating capabilities
    of the Company’s operations, the calculation of total cash costs per ounce for the Detour, Macassa and
    Fosterville mines have been adjusted for this purchase price allocation in the comparative period data and
    for the Canadan Malartic complex in the three and six months ended June 30, 2023. The total cash costs per
    ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis is calculated in the same manner as the total cash costs per
    ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis, except that no adjustment is made for by-product metal
    revenues. Accordingly, the calculation of total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis
    does not reflect a reduction in production costs or smelting, refining and marketing charges associated with
    the production and sale of by-product metals. Management uses these measures to, and believes they are
    helpful to investors so investors can, understand and monitor the performance of the Company’s mining
    operations. The Company believes that total cash costs per ounce is useful to help investors understand the
    costs associated with gold production and the economics of gold mining. As market prices for gold are
    quoted on a per ounce basis, using the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis
    measure allows management and investors to assess a mine’s cash-generating capabilities at various gold
    prices. Management is aware, and investors should note, that these per ounce measures of performance can
    be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates and, in the case of total cash costs per ounce of gold produced
    on a by-product basis, by-product metal prices. Management compensates for these inherent limitations by
    using, and investors should also consider, these measures in conjunction with minesite costs per tonne as
    well as other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. Management also performs sensitivity analysis in
    order to quantify the effects of fluctuating metal prices and exchange rates. Investors should note that total
    cash costs per ounce are not reflective of all cash expenditures as they do not include income tax payments,
    interest costs or dividend payments. These measures also does not include depreciation or amortization.


                                                          4
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Agnico Eagle’s primary business is gold production and the focus of its current operations and future
    development is on maximizing returns from gold production, with other metal production being incidental
    to the gold production process. Accordingly, all metals other than gold are considered by-products.
    In this MD&A, unless otherwise indicated, total cash cost per ounce of gold produced is reported on a by-
    product basis. Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is reported on a by-product basis because (i) the
    majority of the Company’s revenues are from gold (ii) the Company mines ore, which contains gold, silver,
    zinc, copper and other metals, (iii) it is not possible to specifically assign all costs to revenues from the
    gold, silver, zinc, copper and other metals the Company produce (iv) it is a method used by management
    and the Board to monitor operations, and (v) many other gold producers disclose similar measures on a by-
    product rather than a co-product basis. Investors should also consider these measures in conjunction with
    other data prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    All-in sustaining costs (“AISC”) per ounce of gold produced (also referred to as all-in sustaining cost per
    ounce) on a by-product basis is used to reflect the Company’s total sustaining expenditures of producing and
    selling an ounce of gold while maintaining the Company’s current operations. AISC per ounce is calculated
    as the aggregate of total cash costs on a by-product basis, sustaining capital expenditures (including
    capitalized exploration), general and administrative expenses (including stock options), lease payments
    related to sustaining assets and reclamation expenses, and then dividing by the number of ounces of gold
    produced. These additional costs reflect the additional expenditures that are required to be made to maintain
    current production levels. AISC per ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis is calculated in the same
    manner as the AISC per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis, except that the total cash costs on a
    co-product basis are used, meaning no adjustment is made for by-product metal revenues. Management is
    aware, and investors should note, that these per ounce measures of performance can be affected by
    fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and, in the case of AISC of gold produced on a by-product basis, by-
    product metal prices. Management compensates for this inherent limitations by using these measures in
    conjunction with minesite costs per tonne as well as other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. The
    Company believes AISC per ounce is useful to help investors understand the costs associated with
    producing gold, assessing operating performance and the ability to generate free cashflow and overall value.
    Investors should note that AISC per ounce is not reflective of all cash expenditures as it does not include
    income tax payments, interest costs or dividend payments. This measure also does not include depreciation
    or amortization. In this MD&A, unless otherwise indicated, AISC per ounce of gold produced is reported on
    a by-product basis.

    The World Gold Council (“WGC”) is a non-regulatory market development organization for the gold
    industry. Although the WGC is not a mining industry regulatory organization, it has worked closely with its
    member companies to develop relevant non-GAAP measures. The Company follows the guidance on all-in
    sustaining costs released by the WGC in November 2018. Adoption of the all-in sustaining costs per ounce
    of gold produced measure is voluntary and, notwithstanding the Company’s adoption of the WGC’s
    guidance, all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced reported by the Company may not be
    comparable to data reported by other gold producers. The Company believes that this measure provides
    helpful information about operating performance. However, this non-GAAP measure should be considered
    together with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS as it is not necessarily indicative of operating
    costs or cash flow measures prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Minesite costs per tonne are calculated by adjusting production costs as recorded in the condensed interim
    consolidated statements of income (loss) for inventory production costs, operational care and maintenance
    costs due to COVID-19, and other adjustments, and then dividing by tonnage of ore processed. As the total
    cash costs per ounce of gold produced can be affected by fluctuations in by-product metal prices and foreign
    exchange rates, management believes that minesite costs per tonne is useful measure for investors as it
    provides additional information regarding the performance of mining operations, eliminating the impact of
    varying production levels. Management also uses this measure to determine the economic viability of
    mining blocks. As each mining block is evaluated based on the net realizable value of each tonne mined, in
    order to be


                                                         5
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    economically viable the estimated revenue on a per tonne basis must be in excess of the minesite costs per
    tonne. Management is aware, and investors should note, that this per tonne measure of performance can be
    affected by fluctuations in processing levels. This inherent limitation may be partially mitigated by using
    this measure in conjunction with production costs prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share are calculated by adjusting the net income as
    recorded in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income for the effects of certain non-
    recurring, unusual and other items that the Company believes are not reflective of the Company’s
    underlying performance for the reporting period. Adjusted net income is calculated by adjusting net income
    for foreign currency translation gains or losses, realized and unrealized gains or losses on derivative
    financial instruments, revaluation gain on the Yamana Transaction (defined below), impairment loss charges
    and reversals, environmental remediation, severance and transaction costs related to acquisitions, purchase
    price allocations to inventory, income and mining taxes adjustments as well as other items (which includes
    changes in estimates of asset retirement obligations at closed sites, gains and losses on the disposal of
    assets, self insurance losses, multi-year donations and integration costs). Adjusted net income per share is
    calculated by dividing adjusted net income by the number of shares outstanding on a basic and diluted basis.
    The Company believes that these generally accepted industry measures are useful in that they allow for the
    evaluation of the results of continuing operations and in making comparisons between periods. Adjusted net
    income and adjusted net income per share are intended to provide investors with information about the
    Company’s continuing income generating capabilities from its core mining business, excluding the above
    adjustments, which are not reflective of operational performance. Management uses this measure to, and
    believes it is helpful to investors so they can, understand and monitor for the operating performance of the
    Company in conjunction with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data
    presented by other gold producers. The Company believes that operating margin is a useful measure that
    reflects the operating performance of its individual mines associated with the ongoing production and sale
    of gold and by-product metals without allocating company-wide overhead (including exploration and
    corporate development expenses, amortization of property, plant and mine development, general and
    administrative expenses, finance costs, gain and losses on derivative financial instruments, environmental
    remediation costs, foreign currency translation gains and losses, other expenses and income and mining tax
    expenses). This measure is calculated by deducting production costs from revenue from mining operations.
    In order to reconcile operating margin to net income as recorded in the condensed interim consolidated
    financial statements, the company adds the following items to the operating margin: Income and mining
    taxes expense; other expenses (income); care and maintenance expenses; foreign currency translation (gain)
    loss; environmental remediation costs; gain (loss) on derivative financial instruments; finance costs; general
    and administrative expenses; amortization of property, plant and mine development; exploration and
    corporate development expenses; revaluation gains and impairment losses (reversals). Management uses this
    measure internally for planning purposes and to forecast future operating results. The Company believes
    that operating margin is a useful measure that reflects the operating performance of its individual mines
    associated with the ongoing production and sale of gold and by-product metals without allocating company-
    wide overhead (including exploration and corporate development expenses, amortization of property, plant
    and mine development, general and administrative expenses, finance costs, gains and losses on derivative
    financial instruments, environmental remediation costs, foreign currency translation gains and losses, care
    and maintenance expenses, other income and expenses and income and mining tax expenses). This measure
    is intended to provide investors with additional information about the Company’s underlying operating
    results and should be evaluated in conjunction with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS.
    Capital expenditures are classified into sustaining capital expenditures and development capital
    expenditures. Sustaining capital expenditures are expenditures incurred during the production phase to
    sustain and maintain the existing assets so they can achieve constant expected levels of production. This
    measure includes expenditures on assets so that they retain their existing productive capacity as well as
    expenditures that enhance


                                                          6
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                  For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    performance and reliability of the operations. Development capital expenditures are expenditures incurred at
    new projects and expenditures at existing operations that are undertaken with the intention to increase net
    present value through higher production levels or extensions of mine life above the current plans.
    Management uses these measures in the capital allocation process and to assess the effectiveness of its
    investments. Management believes these measures are useful so investors can assess the purpose and
    effectiveness of the capital expenditures split between sustaining and development in each reporting period.
    Management believes that the distinction between sustaining and development capital expenditures is useful
    to investors as sustaining capital expenditures are a key component in the calculation of AISC per ounce.
    While the Company follows the WGC guidance in its classification of capital expenditures into sustaining
    or development, the classification between sustaining and development capital expenditures does not have a
    standardized definition in accordance with IFRS and other companies may classify expenditures in a
    different manner.
    This MD&A also contains information as to estimated future total cash costs per ounce, AISC per ounce and
    minesite costs per tonne. The estimates are based upon the total cash costs per ounce, AISC per ounce and
    minesite costs per tonne that the Company expects to incur to mine gold at its mines and projects and,
    consistent with the reconciliation of these actual costs referred to above, do not include production costs
    attributable to accretion expense and other asset retirement costs, which will vary over time as each project
    is developed and mined. It is therefore not practicable to reconcile these forward-looking non-GAAP
    financial measures to the most comparable IFRS measure.
    Payable production (a non-GAAP non-financial performance measure) is the quantity of mineral produced
    during a period contained in products that have been or will be sold by the Company, whether such products
    are sold during the period or held as inventories at the end of the period.

    Business Overview

    Agnico Eagle is a senior Canadian gold mining company that has produced precious metals since its
    formation in 1972. The Company’s mines are located in Canada, Australia, Mexico and Finland, with
    exploration and development activities in Canada, Australia, Europe, Latin America and the United States.
    The Company and its shareholders have full exposure to gold prices due to its long-standing policy of no
    forward gold sales. Agnico Eagle has declared a cash dividend every year since 1983.

    Agnico Eagle earns a significant proportion of its revenue and cash flow from the production and sale of
    gold in both dore bar and concentrate form. The remainder of revenue and cash flow is generated by the
    production and sale of by-product metals, primarily silver, zinc and copper.
    Agnico Eagle’s operating mines and development projects are located in what the Company believes to be
    politically stable countries that are supportive of the mining industry. The political stability of the regions in
    which Agnico Eagle operates helps to provide confidence in its current and future prospects and
    profitability. This is important for Agnico Eagle as it believes that many of its current mines and projects
    have long-term mining potential.

    Recent Developments

    Normal Course Issuer Bid

    On May 2, 2023, the Company received approval from the Toronto Stock Exchange, (“TSX”), to renew its
    normal course issuer bid (the “NCIB”), pursuant to which the Company may purchase up to $500.0 million
    of its common shares up to a maximum of 5% of its issued and outstanding common shares. Under the
    NCIB, the Company may purchase such common shares for cancellation, on the open market at its
    discretion, during the period commencing on May 4, 2023 and ending on May 3, 2024. Purchases under the
    NCIB will be made through the facilities of the TSX, the NYSE or other designated exchanges and
    alternative trading systems in Canada and the United States in accordance with applicable regulatory
    requirements. All common shares


                                                            7
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    purchased under the NCIB will be cancelled. Under the Company’s prior NCIB which commenced on May
    4, 2022 and ended on May 5, 2023, the Company obtained approval to purchase up to a total of 22,785,308
    common shares of which 1,669,620 were purchased through the facilities of the TSX and NYSE at a
    weighted-average price of approximately $44.70 (excluding commissions) per common share.

    Term Loan Facility
    On April 20, 2023, the Company entered into a credit agreement with a group of financial institutions that
    provides a $600 million unsecured term credit facility (the “Term Loan Facility”). The Company drew down
    the full amount of the Term Loan Facility on April 28, 2023. The Term Loan Facility matures and all
    indebtedness thereunder is due and payable on April 21, 2025. The Term Loan Facility is available as a
    single advance in US dollars through Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and base rate advances,
    priced at the applicable rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.00% to 2.00%, depending on the Company’s
    credit rating. Payment and performance of the Company’s obligations under the Term Loan Facility are
    guaranteed by certain of its material subsidiaries (the “Guarantors” and, together with the Company, each an
    “Obligor”).

    The Term Loan Facility contains covenants that limit the actions of an Obligor in the same manner and to
    the same extent as the Obligors are limited under the Company’s $1.2 billion revolving credit facility (the
    “Credit Facility”). The Company is also required to maintain a total net debt to EBITDA ratio below a
    specified maximum value. The events of default under the Term Loan Facility are the same as the events of
    default under the Credit Facility.

    San Nicolás Copper-Zinc Project Joint Arrangement

    On April 6, 2023, Agnico Eagle and Teck Resources Limited (“Teck”) entered into a shareholders agreement
    in respect of the San Nicolás copper-zinc development project located in Zacatecas, Mexico. The agreement
    provides that Agnico Eagle, through a wholly-owned Mexican subsidiary, will subscribe for a 50% interest
    in Minas de San Nicolás, S.A.P.I. de C.V. (“MSN”) for $580.0 million, to be contributed as study and
    development costs are incurred by MSN. For governance purposes, the agreement treats Agnico Eagle as a
    50% shareholder of MSN regardless of the number of shares that have been issued to Agnico Eagle or its
    affiliates, except in certain circumstances of default. On closing of the transaction, the Company recorded a
    $290.0 million liability, representing the minimum unavoidable funding obligation of the Company under
    the agreement, and recognized a corresponding investment in the joint arrangement of $290.0 million. MSN
    is planning to submit an Environmental Impact Assessment and permit application for the San Nicolás
    project in 2023 and is targeting completion of a feasibility study in 2024.

    Acquisition of the Canadian Assets of Yamana
    On March 31, 2023, the Company completed a transaction (the “Yamana Transaction”) under an
    arrangement agreement with Yamana Gold Inc. (“Yamana”) and Pan American Silver Corp. (“Pan
    American”) pursuant to which Pan American acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of
    Yamana and Yamana sold the subsidiaries and partnerships that held Yamana’s interests in its Canadian
    assets to Agnico Eagle, including the remaining 50% of the Canadian Malartic complex, a 100% interest in
    the Wasamac project, located in the Abitibi region of Quebec, and several other exploration properties
    located in Ontario and Manitoba. The consideration paid by the Company in the Yamana Transaction
    consisted of approximately US$1.0 billion in cash and 36,177,931 common shares of Agnico Eagle. The
    acquisition increased the Company’s production, mineral reserves and cash flow. The results of operations,
    cash flows and net assets of the Canadian assets of Yamana have been consolidated with those of the
    Company from March 31, 2023. The fair value of Agnico Eagle’s previously held 50% interest in Malartic
    and the resulting gain on remeasurement along with the fair values allocated to assets acquired and
    liabilities assumed are preliminary, and are subject to adjustment based on further analysis and evaluation
    over the course of the measurement period which will not exceed twelve months from the acquisition date.


                                                         8
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                    For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Impact on Operations from Ongoing Wildfires in Quebec and Caribou Migration in Nunavut

    In June 2023, the Company’s operations in Quebec and Ontario were affected by wildfires in the region.
    High levels of smoke from the wildfires caused poor air quality and low visibility, as well as two significant
    power outages disrupting regular activities. Through that period, the Company monitored in real time the air
    quality in its underground operations to ensure the safety of the workers. Several shifts at the Company’s
    Quebec and Ontario operations were cancelled, affecting mostly underground activities. Ore stockpiles were
    leveraged to sustain mill operations and lessen the overall impact on production. The Company has
    continued to actively manage the situation and prioritize the safety and well-being of its people. Despite the
    downtime the operations in Ontario and Quebec continued to perform.
    In Nunavut the Company experienced the earliest and longest caribou migration since it began operations in
    the region. Caribou migration impacted operations at both divisions during the quarter with higher-than
    planned surface and UG operations stoppage. Given the unpredictability of the seasonal migration, the
    Company continues to work with government and local stakeholders to ensure that mining activities have a
    minimal impact on caribou migration.

    Financial and Operating Results
    On March 31, 2023, Agnico Eagle completed the Yamana Transaction. Accordingly, contributions from the
    100% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex have been included in the condensed interim consolidated
    statements of income for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, while the comparative period
    reflects the previously held 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex up to March 30, 2023.
    On February 8, 2022, Agnico Eagle completed a merger of equals (the “Merger”) with Kirkland Lake Gold
    Ltd. (“Kirkland”). Accordingly, the contributions from the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines
    have been included in the comparative period from February 8, 2022.

    Operating results

    Agnico Eagle reported net income of $326.8 million, or $0.66 per share, in the second quarter of 2023,
    compared with net income of $290.4 million, or $0.64 per share, in the second quarter of 2022. Agnico
    Eagle reported adjusted net income1 of $322.4 million, or $0.65 per share1, in the second quarter of 2023
    compared with adjusted net income of $361.7 million, or $0.79 per share, in the second quarter of 2022. The
    key drivers of the changes in net income and adjusted net income, are set out in the table below.

    In the second quarter of 2023, operating margin2 increased by 5.6% to $974.9 million, compared with
    $923.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to a 8.7% increase in revenues from mining
    operations as a result of higher gold sales volume from the Canadian Malartic complex following the
    Yamana Transaction, higher gold sales volumes from the LaRonde complex (which includes the LaRonde
    mine and the LaRonde Zone 5 mine) and the Meadowbank complex and higher gold prices, partially offset
    by lower gold sales volume from the Detour, Meliadine and Kittila mines.
    Gold production increased to 873,204 ounces in the second quarter of 2023 compared with 858,170 ounces
    in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to the contribution of gold production from the Canadian
    Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction. Partially offsetting the increase in gold production was
    decreased gold production at the Detour and Kittila mines and the LaRonde complex.
    ​




    1
        Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share are non-GAAP measures that are not standardized financial measures
        under IFRS. For a reconciliation to net income and net income per share see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures below.
        See also Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance.
    2
        Operating margin is a non-GAAP measure that is not a standardized financial measure under IFRS. For a reconciliation to net
        income see Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures below. See also Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of
        Performance.



                                                                 9
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $722.0 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared
    with $633.3 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to increased gold sales from full ownership
    of the Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction, and higher realized gold prices
    between periods.

    Agnico Eagle reported net income of $2,143.7 million or $4.45 per share, in the first six months of 2023,
    compared with net income of $409.5 million or $0.97 per share, in the first six months of 2022. Agnico
    Eagle reported adjusted net income of $593.7 million, or $1.23 per share, in the first six months of 2023,
    compared with adjusted net income of $606.6 million, or $1.44 per share, in the first six months of 2022.
    Included in net income is a re-measurement gain of $1,543.4 million recognized in the first six months of
    2023, arising from the Yamana Transaction and the corresponding application of purchase accounting
    relating to a business combination achieved in stages, which requires the re-measurement on acquisition of
    the Company’s previously held 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex to fair value.

    In the first six months of 2023, operating margin increased to $1,831.5 million, compared with
    $1,587.4 million in the first six months of 2022, primarily due to an 11.0% increase in revenues from
    mining operations as a result of the contribution of gold sales volume from the Canadian Malartic complex
    following the Yamana Transaction, the Meadowbank complex and the Macassa mine and a 3.4% higher
    average realized price of gold between periods, partially offset by lower gold sales volumes from the
    Fosterville mine and the LaRonde and Meliadine complexes.

    Gold production increased to 1,686,017 ounces in the first six months of 2023, compared with 1,518,774
    ounces in the first six months of 2022, primarily due to the contribution of gold production from the
    Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction and higher production at the Meadowbank
    complex, and the Detour and Macassa mines. Partially offsetting the overall increase in gold production
    between the first six months of 2023 and the first six months of 2022 was decreased gold production at the
    LaRonde complex and the La India mine.

    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $1,371.6 million in the first six months of 2023,
    compared with $1,140.7 million in the first six months of 2022, primarily due to higher realized gold prices,
    an increase in gold production at the Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction and
    non-recurring transaction costs in 2022 associated with the Merger.

    The table below sets out variances in the key drivers of net income for the three and six months ended
    June 30, 2023, compared with the three and six months ended June 30, 2022:




                                                         10
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

                                                                                           Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
                                                                                             June 30, 2023 vs.     June 30, 2023 vs.
                                                                                           Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
    (millions of United States dollars)                                                ​ ​    June 30, 2022    ​ ​ June 30, 2022 ​
    Increase in gold revenues                                                          ​​      ​$ 137.7      ​​ ​    ​$ 322.7       ​
    Increase in silver revenues                                                        ​​      ​ ​ 2.1       ​​ ​    ​​     2.0     ​
    Decrease in net copper revenues                                                    ​​      ​ ​ (1.9)     ​​ ​    ​ ​ (0.8)      ​
    Decrease in net zinc revenues                                                      ​​      ​ ​ (0.8)     ​​ ​    ​ ​ (2.8)      ​
    Decrease in production costs due to effects of foreign currencies                  ​​      ​ ​ 16.1      ​​ ​    ​ ​ 37.7       ​
    Increase in production costs                                                       ​​      ​ ​(101.7)    ​​ ​    ​ ​ (114.7)    ​
    Decrease in exploration and corporate development expenses                         ​​      ​ ​ 15.9      ​​ ​    ​ ​ 28.0       ​
    Increase in amortization of property, plant and mine development                   ​​      ​ ​(111.4)    ​​ ​    ​ ​ (159.7)    ​
    Decrease in general and administrative expenses                                    ​​      ​ ​ 2.0       ​​ ​    ​ ​ 21.3       ​
    Increase in finance costs                                                          ​​      ​ ​ (14.9)    ​​ ​    ​ ​ (15.7)     ​
    Change in derivative financial instruments                                         ​​      ​ ​ 67.2      ​​ ​    ​ ​ 45.1       ​
    Change in non-cash foreign currency translation                                    ​​      ​ ​ (17.5)    ​​ ​    ​ ​ (16.5)     ​
    Increase in care and maintenance                                                   ​​      ​ ​ (0.2)     ​​ ​    ​ ​ (0.9)      ​
    Change in revaluation gain                                                         ​​      ​​ —          ​​ ​    ​ ​1,543.4     ​
    Decrease in other expenses                                                         ​​      ​ ​ 16.8      ​​ ​    ​ ​ 86.3       ​
    Decrease (increase) in income and mining taxes                                     ​​      ​ ​ 26.9      ​​ ​    ​ ​ (41.1)     ​
    Total net income variance                                                          ​​      ​$ 36.3       ​​ ​    ​$1,734.3      ​

    Three Months Ended June 30, 2023 vs. Three Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Revenues from mining operations increased to $1,718.2 million in the second quarter of 2023, compared
    with $1,581.1 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to a 2.7% increase in the gold sales
    volume from the contribution of the Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction, the
    LaRonde and Meadowbank complexes and a 5.8% increase in the realized gold sales price.
    Production costs were $743.3 million in the second quarter of 2023, a 13.0% increase compared with
    $657.6 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to the contribution from the Canadian Malartic
    complex and the recognition in 2023 of fair value adjustments to inventory due to the Yamana Transaction
    with no comparable adjustment in 2022 and higher production costs at the LaRonde complex, partially
    offset by lower production costs at the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines mainly due to the
    recognition, in the 2022 comparative period, of fair value adjustments to inventory at those mines with no
    such recognition occurring in 2023.
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced3 increased to $840 on a by-product basis and
    $870 on a co-product basis in the second quarter of 2023, compared with $726 on a by-product basis and
    $758 on a co-product basis in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to the contributions from the Detour
    Lake, Macassa and Meliadine mines and the LaRonde and Meadowbank complexes. For a reconciliation of
    total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on both a by-product basis (deducting by-product metal
    revenues from production costs) and co-product basis (without deducting by-product metal revenues) to
    production costs as set out in the Second Quarter Financial Statements, see Non-GAAP Financial
    Performance Measures below.
    Exploration and corporate development expenses decreased to $54.4 million in the second quarter of 2023,
    compared with $70.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower expenses incurred at
    regional exploration targets in Canada and Mexico.
    ​




    3
          Total cash cost per ounce of gold produced on a by-product and co-product basis are non-GAAP measures that are not
          standardized financial measures under IFRS. For a reconciliation to production costs see Non-GAAP Financial Performance
          Measures. See also Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance.



                                                                 11
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Amortization of property, plant and mine development increased by $111.4 million to $381.3 million
    between the second quarter of 2022 and the second quarter of 2023, primarily due to the contribution from
    the Canadian Malartic complex and the amortization of purchase price allocation to property, plant and mine
    development to the Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction.

    Finance costs increased to $35.8 million during the second quarter of 2023, compared with $21.0 million
    during the second quarter of 2022 due to interest incurred on the Company’s revolving credit facility and the
    $600.0 million Term Loan Facility in the second quarter of 2023. The drawdowns were incurred to finance
    the Yamana Transaction.
    Gain on derivative financial instruments amounted to $26.4 million during the second quarter of 2023,
    compared with a loss of $40.8 million during the second quarter of 2022 due to favourable movements in
    foreign exchange rates and commodity prices between periods. The Company recognized an unrealized gain
    on currency and commodity derivatives of $50.1 million during the second quarter of 2023, compared to an
    unrealized loss of $33.6 million during the second quarter of 2022 due to favourable movements in foreign
    exchange rates and commodity prices between periods. The unrealized loss on warrants amounted to
    $7.0 million during the second quarter of 2023, compared to an unrealized loss of $21.1 million during the
    second quarter of 2022, with the change due to an increase in the market value of warrants between periods.

    Other expenses decreased to $2.8 million during the second quarter of 2023, compared with $19.6 million
    during the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to non-recurring transaction and severance costs associated
    with the Merger in 2022.

    During the second quarter of 2023 there was a non-cash foreign currency translation loss of $4.0 million
    primarily attributable to the strengthening of the Canadian dollar to the US dollar as at June 30, 2023,
    compared to March 31, 2023, on the Company’s net monetary liabilities denominated in foreign currencies.
    A non-cash foreign currency translation gain of $13.5 million was recorded during the second quarter of
    2022.
    In the second quarter of 2023, the Company recorded income and mining taxes expense of $139.5 million
    on income before income and mining taxes of $466.3 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 29.9%. In
    the second quarter of 2022, the Company recorded income and mining taxes expense of $166.5 million on
    income before income and mining taxes of $456.9 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 36.4%. The
    decrease in the effective tax rate between the second quarter of 2023 and the second quarter of 2022 is
    primarily due to foreign exchange rate movements.

    There are several factors that can significantly affect the Company’s effective tax rate including varying
    rates in different jurisdictions, the non-recognition of certain tax assets, mining allowances, foreign
    currency exchange rate movements, changes in tax laws, the impact of specific transactions and assessments
    and the relative distribution of income in the Company’s operating jurisdictions. As a result of these factors,
    the Company’s effective tax rate is expected to fluctuate significantly in future periods.

    Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 vs. Six Months Ended June 30, 2022

    Revenues from mining operations increased to $3,227.9 million during the six months ended June 30, 2023,
    compared with $2,906.7 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to a 7.6%
    increase in the sales volume from the contribution of gold sales from the Canadian Malartic complex
    following the Yamana Transaction and a 3.4% higher average realized price of gold between periods,
    partially offset by lower gold sales volumes from the LaRonde complex and the Fosterville and Meliadine
    mines.
    Production costs increased to $1,396.4 million during the six months ended June 30, 2023, compared with
    $1,319.4 million in the six months ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to the contribution from the Canadian
    Malartic complex and the recognition in 2023 of fair value adjustments to the Yamana Transaction with no
    comparable adjustments in 2022 and higher production costs at the LaRonde and Meadowbank complexes,


                                                          12
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    partially offset by lower production costs at the Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines mainly due to
    the recognition, in the 2022 comparative period, of fair value adjustments to inventory at those mines with
    no comparative in 2023.
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced increased to $836 on a by-product basis and
    increased to $866 on a co-product basis during the six months ended June 30, 2023, compared with $763 on
    a by-product basis and $800 on a co-product basis during the six months ended June 30, 2022, the increase
    in cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product and co-product basis is primarily due to the
    contribution from the Detour Lake, Meliadine and Fosterville mines and the LaRonde and Meadowbank
    complexes.
    Exploration and corporate development expenses decreased to $108.2 million during the six months ended
    June 30, 2023, compared with $136.2 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to
    lower expenses incurred at regional exploration targets in Canada and Mexico.
    Amortization of property, plant and mine development increased by $159.7 million to $685.2 million
    between the six months ended June 30, 2023 and the six months ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to the
    additional contribution from the Canadian Malartic complex and the amortization of purchase price
    allocation to property,plant and mine development to the Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana
    Transaction.
    General and administrative expense decreased to $95.5 million during the six months ended June 30, 2023,
    compared with $116.8 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to non-recurring
    costs attributable to the Merger in 2022.
    Finance costs increased to $59.3 million during the six months ended June 30, 2023 compared with
    $43.6 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022, due to interest incurred on drawdowns of the
    Company’s revolving credit facility and the $600.0 million Term Loan Facility between periods. The
    drawdowns were incurred to finance the Yamana Transaction.
    Gain on derivative financial instruments amounted to $33.0 million during the six months ended June 30,
    2023, compared with a loss on derivative financial instruments of $12.1 million during the six months ended
    June 30, 2022 due to favourable movements in foreign exchange rates and commodity prices between
    periods. The increase in the market value of warrants resulted in an unrealized loss of $2.3 million during
    the six months ended June 30, 2023 compared to a loss of $20.2 million during the six months ended
    June 30, 2022. The unrealized gain on currency and commodity derivatives amounted to $66.0 million
    during the six months ended June 30, 2023, partially offset by a realized loss of $30.8 million on currency
    and commodity derivatives due to favourable movements in foreign exchange rates and commodity prices
    between periods.
    Revaluation gain was due to the re-measurement of the Company’s previously held 50% interest in the
    Canadian Malartic complex to fair value at the close of the Yamana Transaction. The acquisition date fair
    value of the previously held 50% interest was determined to be $2,697.6 million, resulting in the recognition
    of a re-measurement gain through net earnings in the quarter of $1,543.4 million. The fair value of
    $2,697.6 million forms part of the total consideration of $5,557.1 million transferred under the Yamana
    Transaction.
    Other expenses decreased to $22.9 million during the six months ended June 30, 2023, compared with
    $109.2 million during the six months ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to non-recurring transaction and
    severance costs associated with the Merger in 2022.
    During the six months ended June 30, 2023, there was a non-cash foreign currency translation loss of
    $4.2 million primarily attributable to the strengthening of the Canadian dollar and Euro relative to the US
    dollar as at June 30, 2023, compared to December 31, 2022 on the Company’s net monetary liabilities
    denominated in foreign currencies. A non-cash foreign currency translation gain of $12.3 million was
    recorded during the first six months of 2022.


                                                         13
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    During the six months ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded income and mining taxes expense of
    $268.1 million on income before income and mining taxes of $2,411.8 million, resulting in an effective tax
    rate of 11.1%. During the six months ended June 30, 2022, the Company recorded income and mining taxes
    expense of $227.1 million on income before income and mining taxes of $636.5 million, resulting in an
    effective tax rate of 35.7%. The decrease in the effective tax rate between the first six months of 2023 and
    the first six months of 2022 is primarily due to the increase in income before income and mining taxes as a
    result of the non-taxable revaluation gain recorded on the acquisition of Yamana’s interests in its Canadian
    assets.

    LaRonde mine
    At the LaRonde mine, gold production decreased by 17.1% to 58,635 ounces in the second quarter of 2023,
    compared with 70,736 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower throughput levels and
    lower grades as a result of the transition to pillarless mining. Production costs at the LaRonde mine were
    $64.0 million in the second quarter of 2023, an increase of 88.4% compared with production costs of
    $33.9 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to the timing of inventory sales, partially offset
    by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Gold production decreased by 25.3% to 118,168 ounces in the first six months of 2023 compared with
    158,285 ounces in the first six months of 2022 at the LaRonde mine, primarily due to lower throughput
    levels and lower grades as a result of the transition to pillarless mining. Production costs at the LaRonde
    mine were $103.7 million in the first six months of 2023, an increase of 29.9% compared with production
    costs of $79.8 million in the first six months of 2022, primarily due to the timing of inventory sales,
    partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.

    LaRonde Zone 5 mine

    At the LaRonde Zone 5 mine, gold production increased by 2.1% to 18,145 ounces in the second quarter of
    2023 compared with 17,774 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to higher volume of ore
    processed and better recoveries, partially offset by lower gold grades. Production costs at the LaRonde
    Zone 5 mine were $21.8 million in the second quarter of 2023, an increase of 27.0% compared with
    production costs of $17.1 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to timing of inventory sales
    and higher milling and underground mining costs, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar
    relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Gold production increased by 8.4% to 38,219 ounces in the first six months of 2023 from 35,262 ounces in
    the first six months of 2022 at the LaRonde Zone 5 mine, primarily due to higher volume of tonnes
    processed and recoveries, partially offset by lower gold grades. Production costs at the LaRonde Zone 5
    mine were $44.0 million in the first six months of 2023, an increase of 29.9% compared with production
    costs of $33.9 million in the first six months of 2022, primarily due to timing of inventory sales and higher
    milling and underground mining costs, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to
    the US dollar between periods.

    Canadian Malartic complex
    At the Canadian Malartic complex, gold production increased by 103.9% to 177,755 ounces in the second
    quarter of 2023 compared with attributable gold production of 87,186 ounces in the second quarter of 2022,
    due to the increase in the Company’s ownership percentage between periods from 50% to 100% as a result
    of the Yamana Transaction. Production costs at the Canadian Malartic complex were $144.2 million in the
    second quarter of 2023, an increase of 155.6% compared with production costs attributable to the 50%
    ownership of the Canadian Malartic complex of $56.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, due to the
    impact of the change in ownership percentage between periods and the recognition of fair value adjustments
    to inventory to the Yamana Transaction, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to
    the US dollar between periods.


                                                         14
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    At the Canadian Malartic complex, gold production increased by 54.1% to 258,440 ounces in the first
    six months of 2023 compared with attributable gold production of 167,695 ounces in the first six months of
    2022, due to the change in ownership percentage between periods as a result of the Yamana Transaction.
    Production costs at the Canadian Malartic complex were $201.5 million in the first six months of 2023, an
    increase of 77.8% compared with production costs attributable to the 50% ownership of the Canadian
    Malartic complex of $113.3 million in the first six months of 2022, due to the impact of the change in
    ownership percentage between periods and the recognition of fair value adjustments to inventory to the
    Yamana Transaction, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar
    between periods.

    Goldex mine

    At the Goldex mine, gold production increased by 2.3% to 37,716 ounces in the second quarter of 2023,
    compared with 36,877 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to higher volume of ore
    processed, partially offset by lower recoveries. Production costs at the Goldex mine were $28.2 million in
    the second quarter of 2023, an increase of 6.1% compared with production costs of $26.5 million in the
    second quarter of 2022, primarily due to higher underground production costs, partially offset by the
    weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Gold production increased by 0.6% to 71,739 ounces in the first six months of 2023, compared with 71,322
    ounces in the first six months of 2022 at the Goldex mine, primarily due to higher gold grades, partially
    offset by lower volume of ore processed. Production costs at the Goldex mine were $56.0 million in the first
    six months of 2023, an increase of 6.2% compared with production costs of $52.7 million in the first
    six months of 2022, primarily due to higher underground mining and milling costs and timing of inventory
    sales, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Detour Lake mine

    At the Detour Lake mine, gold production decreased by 13.4% to 169,352 ounces in the second quarter of
    2023 compared with 195,515 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower gold grade,
    partially offset by higher volume of ore processed. Production costs at the Detour Lake mine were
    $112.8 million in the second quarter of 2023, a decrease of 17.9% compared with production costs of
    $137.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to fair value adjustments to inventory on the
    purchase price allocation recognized in the second quarter of 2022, with no comparative recognition
    occurring in 2023.

    Gold production at the Detour Lake mine increased by 11.9% to 331,209 ounces in the first six months of
    2023 compared with 295,958 ounces in the first six months of 2022, as the Merger was completed on
    February 8, 2022, the comparative period only includes production from the period of February 8, 2022 to
    June 30 , 2022. Production costs at the Detour Lake mine were $226.8 million in the first six months of
    2023, a decrease of 11.9% compared to production costs of $257.4 million during the first six months of
    2022, primarily due to the comparative period including fair value adjustments to inventory with no
    comparative in 2023, variance is also impacted by the comparative period only including costs from
    February 8, 2022 to June 30, 2022.

    Macassa mine
    At the Macassa mine, gold production decreased by 6.9% to 57,044 ounces in the second quarter of 2023
    compared with 61,262 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower grade, partially offset
    by higher volume of ore processed. Production costs were $38.5 million in the second quarter of 2023, an
    increase 16.8% compared with production costs of $33.0 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily
    due to higher mining and timing of inventory sales, partially offset by fair value adjustments to inventory on
    the purchase price allocation recognized in the second quarter of 2022, with no comparative recognition
    occurring in 2023.


                                                         15
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                   For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Gold production at the Macassa mine increased by 41.3% to 121,159 ounces compared with 85,750 ounces
    in the first six months of 2022, as the merger was completed on February 8, 2022, the comparative period
    only includes production from the period of February 8, 2022 to June 30, 2022. Production costs were
    $76.5 million in the first six months of 2023, an increase of 17.1% compared to production costs of
    $65.3 million during the first six months of 2022, primarily due to higher mining and timing of inventory
    sales, variance is also impacted by the comparative period only including costs from February 8, 2022 to
    June 30, 2022.

    Meliadine mine

    At the Meliadine mine, gold production decreased by 10.1% to 87,682 ounces in the second quarter of 2023
    compared with 97,572 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower gold grade, partially
    offset by higher volume of ore processed. Production costs at the Meliadine mine were $78.8 million in the
    second quarter of 2023, a decrease of 8.8% compared with production costs of $86.4 million in the second
    quarter of 2022, primarily due to the timing of inventory sales and the weakening of the Canadian dollar
    relative to the US dollar between periods, partially offset by higher fuel and logistics costs.
    Gold production decreased by 0.1% to 178,149 ounces in the first six months of 2023 compared with
    178,276 ounces in the first six months of 2022 at the Meliadine mine, primarily due to higher volume of ore
    processed, partially offset by lower grades. Production costs at the Meliadine mine were $160.0 million
    during the first six months of 2023, a decrease of 3.1% compared to production costs of $165.1 million
    during the first six months of 2022, primarily due to the timing of inventory sales, a decrease in deferred
    stripping costs and the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar between periods, partially
    offset by higher fuel and logistics costs.

    Meadowbank complex

    At the Meadowbank complex, gold production decreased by 2.0% to 94,775 ounces in the second quarter of
    2023, compared with 96,698 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower grades, partially
    offset by higher volume of ore processed. Production costs at the Meadowbank complex were
    $117.5 million in the second quarter of 2023, an increase of 9.4% compared with production costs of
    $107.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to higher underground mining costs and higher
    fuel and logistics costs, partially offset by the weakening of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar
    between periods.

    Gold production increased by 31.6% to 205,885 ounces in the first six months of 2023 compared with
    156,463 ounces in the first six months of 2022 at the Meadowbank complex, due to higher volume of ore
    tonnes processed and gold grades. In mid-January 2022, the mine had returned to normal operating levels
    after the Company had focused on production and reduced the level of some supporting activities, including
    underground development, in response to an outbreak of the COVID-19 Omicron variant in December 2021,
    which affected the mining sequence. Production costs at the Meadowbank complex were $247.5 million in
    the first six months of 2023, an increase of 21.3% compared with production costs of $204.1 million in the
    first six months of 2022, primarily due to higher mining and fuel and logistics costs, partially offset by a
    build up in stockpiles, a decrease in deferred stripping costs, and the weakening of the Canadian dollar
    relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Commercial production was achieved at the Amaruq underground project in August 2022.

    Fosterville mine

    At the Fosterville mine, gold production decreased by 4.9% to 81,813 ounces in the second quarter of 2023
    compared with 86,065 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower grade from mining
    sequencing, partially offset by higher tonnage. Production costs were $35.8 million in the second quarter of
    2023, a decrease of 25.8% compared with production costs of $48.3 million in the second quarter of 2022,


                                                          16
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    primarily due to fair value adjustments to inventory on the purchase price allocation recognized in the
    second quarter of 2022, with no comparative recognition occurring in 2023.
    Gold production at the Fosterville mine increased by 0.3% to 168,371 ounces in the first six months of
    2023, compared with 167,892 ounces in the first six months of 2022, as the merger was completed on
    February 8, 2022, the comparative period only includes production from the period of February 8, 2022 to
    June 30, 2022. Production costs were $72.4 million in the first six months of 2023, a decrease of 46.9%
    compared to production costs of $136.3 million during the first six months of 2022, primarily due to fair
    value adjustments to inventory on the purchase price allocation recognized in the six months of 2022, with
    no comparative recognition occurring in 2023, variance is also impacted by the comparative period only
    including costs from February 8, 2022 to June 30, 2022.
    On May 29, 2023 the Victorian EPA lifted the prohibition notice on Fosterville that was imposed in late
    2021, allowing the Fosterville mine to resume normal roster patterns and activities throughout the month of
    June.

    Kittila mine
    At the Kittila mine, gold production decreased by 22.7% to 50,130 ounces in the second quarter of 2023,
    compared with 64,814 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to fewer tonnes of ore processed,
    partially offset by higher gold grades. Production costs at the Kittila mine were $43.3 million in the second
    quarter of 2023, a decrease of 18.7% compared with production costs of $53.3 million in the second quarter
    of 2022, primarily due to the consumption of stockpiles and timing of inventory sales, partially offset by
    higher milling costs.
    Gold production increased by 3.2% to 113,822 ounces in the first six months of 2023, compared with
    110,322 ounces in the first six months of 2022 at the Kittila mine, primarily due higher gold grades and
    recoveries, partially offset by lower ore tonnes processed. Production costs at the Kittila mine were
    $96.6 million in the first six months of 2023, a decrease of 6.0% compared with production costs of
    $102.8 million in the first six months of 2022, primarily due to the build up of stockpiles and timing of
    inventory sales, partially offset by higher milling costs.
    In 2020, the Regional State Administrative Agency of Northern Finland granted Agnico Eagle Finland Oy
    (“Agnico Finland”) environmental and water permits that would allow Agnico Finland to enlarge the CIL2
    tailings storage facility, expand the operations of the Kittila mine to 2.0 Mtpa and build a new discharge
    waterline. The permits were subsequently appealed to the Vaasa Administrative Court in Finland. The
    appeals were granted, in part, in July 2022 with the result that the permits were returned for reconsideration
    by the Regional State Administrative Agency of Northern Finland.
    In August 2022, Agnico Finland appealed the decisions of the Vaasa Administrative Court to the Supreme
    Administrative Court of Finland (“SAC”) and requested that the SAC restore the permits through an interim
    decision pending the ultimate result of the appeal.
    On November 1, 2022, the SAC issued an interim decision upholding the initial CIL2 tailings storage
    facility permit and restoring nitrogen emission permit levels for the year 2022. However, the SAC interim
    decision did not uphold the permit for the expansion of the mine to 2.0 Mtpa. The VAC decision is valid
    until a final decision is issued by the SAC. In the fourth quarter of 2022, Agnico Finland reduced its
    underground production levels to comply with the mining volume requirements. Agnico Finland now
    expects a final decision from the SAC in the third quarter of 2023. Until then, the Company continues to
    operate on the current mining permit of 1.6 Mtpa while maintaining operational flexibility to reach the 2.0
    Mtpa volume in the event of a positive decision by the SAC.
    If the SAC does not reinstate Agnico Finland’s permits as granted by the RSAA in 2020 to produce at, or
    close to, 2.0 Mtpa, the Company would be required to scale back operations during the fourth quarter of
    2023 to remain within the permitted rate and intends to submit an updated permit application for 2.0 Mtpa
    output level or higher.


                                                         17
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                   For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Pinos Altos mine

    At the Pinos Altos mine, gold production decreased by 3.7% to 22,159 ounces in the second quarter of 2023,
    compared with 23,020 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, due to lower gold grades and recoveries,
    partially offset by higher tonnes of ore processed. Production costs at the Pinos Altos mine were
    $34.7 million in the second quarter of 2023, a decrease of 13.0% compared with production costs of
    $39.9 million in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to the timing of inventory sales and lower
    underground mining costs, partially offset by higher milling costs and the strengthening of the Mexican
    Peso relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Gold production decreased by 3.9% to 46,293 ounces in the first six months of 2023, compared with 48,190
    ounces in the first six months of 2022 at the Pinos Altos mine, primarily due to lower gold grades, partially
    offset by higher tonnes of ore processed. Production costs at the Pinos Altos mine were $67.6 million in the
    first six months of 2023, a decrease of 6.6% compared with production costs of $72.4 million in the first
    six months of 2022, primarily due to the timing of inventory sales, partially offset by higher milling costs
    and the strengthening of the Mexican Peso relative to the US dollar between periods.

    La India mine
    At the La India mine, gold production decreased by 10.9% to 17,833 ounces in the second quarter of 2023,
    compared with 20,016 ounces in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to fewer tonnes of ore processed,
    partially offset by higher gold grades. Production costs at the La India mine were $23.6 million in the
    second quarter of 2023, an increase of 35.5% compared with production costs of $17.5 million in the second
    quarter of 2022, driven primarily by consumption of heap leach ore stockpiles and the strengthening of the
    Mexican Peso relative to the US dollar between periods.
    Gold production decreased by 18.1% to 34,154 ounces in the first six months of 2023, compared with
    41,718 ounces in the first six months of 2022 at the La India mine, primarily due to fewer tonnes of ore
    processed, partially offset by higher gold grades. Production costs at the La India mine were $43.7 million
    in the first six months of 2023, an increase of 24.3% compared with production costs of $35.2 million in the
    first six months of 2022, driven primarily by consumption of heap leach ore stockpiles and the
    strengthening of the Mexican Peso relative to the US dollar between periods.

    Balance Sheet Review
    Total assets of $29.3 billion at June 30, 2023, increased by 24.8%, or $5.8 billion, compared with total
    assets of $23.5 billion as at December 31, 2022, primarily due to the assets acquired in the Yamana
    Transaction. Cash and cash equivalents of $432.5 million at June 30, 2023, decreased by $226.1 million
    compared with December 31, 2022, primarily due to cash outflows associated with the Yamana Transaction
    and higher capital expenditures, partially offset by stronger cash inflows from operating activities between
    periods. Inventories increased by $44.0 million from $1,209.1 million at December 31, 2022, to
    $1,253.1 million at June 30, 2023, primarily due to inventories acquired through the Yamana Transaction,
    partially offset by seasonal consumption of fuel inventory in Nunavut. Other current assets of
    $373.0 million at June 30, 2023, increased by $113.0 million compared with other current assets of
    $260.0 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to a $79.0 million increase in prepaid expenses at
    Canadian Malartic following the Yamana Transaction the start of the sealift season in Nunavut and a
    $36.9 million increase in current taxes recoverable. Other non-current assets increased by $583.6 million
    between December 31, 2022, and June 30, 2023, primarily due to the $290.0 million investment in the San
    Nicolas copper-zinc project and a $261.1 million increase in long-term stockpiles between periods.
    The increase in property, plant and mine development from $18.5 billion at December 31, 2022, to
    $21.2 billion at June 30, 2023, was primarily due to the inclusion of assets acquired as part of the Yamana
    Transaction and additions capitalized to property, plant and mine development of $861.1 million, partially
    offset by an increase


                                                          18
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    in amortization of $685.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023. Goodwill increased from
    $2,044.1 million at December 31, 2022, to $4,574.8 million at June 30, 2023 due to the addition of goodwill
    in the preliminary purchase price allocation associated with the Yamana Transaction. The fair values
    allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of the purchase price for the Yamana Transaction
    are preliminary and are subject to adjustment based on further analysis and evaluation over the course of the
    measurement period which may not exceed twelve months from the acquisition date.

    Total liabilities of $9,358.4 million at June 30, 2023, increased by $2,105.0 million from $7,253.5 million at
    December 31, 2022. Net deferred income and mining tax liabilities increased by $945.3 million between
    December 31, 2022, and June 30, 2023, primarily due to the addition of net deferred income and mining tax
    liabilities from the acquisition of Yamana’s interests in its Canadian assets. Long-term debt increased by
    $699.9 million due to $100.0 million in net drawdowns on the Company’s Credit Facility. On April 28 2023,
    the Company drew down $600.0 million on a Term Loan Facility to repay amounts previously drawn on its
    Credit Facility. Other liabilities of $359.6 million at June 30, 2023, increased by $287.0 million from
    $72.6 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to a $268.1 million liability incurred related to funding
    the San Nicolas project. Non-current reclamation provisions increased by $108.5 million between
    December 31, 2022, and June 30, 2023, primarily due to the additional reclamation provision acquired as
    part of the Yamana Transaction. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased by $134.2 million
    between December 31, 2022, and June 30, 2023, primarily due to the timing of payments. Net income taxes
    payable increased by $76.1 million between December 31, 2022, and June 30, 2023, as a result of the
    current tax expense exceeding the payments made to tax authorities.
    While the Company occasionally enters into contracts to limit the risk associated with decreased by-product
    metal prices, increased foreign currency costs (including capital expenditures) and input costs, the contracts
    act as economic hedges of underlying exposures and are not held for speculative purposes. Agnico Eagle
    does not use complex derivative contracts to hedge exposures. During the first six months of 2023, the
    Company put in place currency hedge positions to support its key input costs used in budgeting and mine
    planning assumptions. As at June 30, 2023, the Company had outstanding currency derivative contracts
    related to $2,134.9 million of 2023 and 2024 expenditures (December 31, 2022 — $2,907.9 million) and
    diesel fuel derivative contracts related to 17.0 million gallons of heating oil (December 31, 2022 —
    19.0 million).

    Liquidity and Capital Resources

    As at June 30, 2023, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents totaled $432.5 million compared with
    $658.6 million as at December 31, 2022. The Company’s policy is to invest excess cash in what the
    Company believes to be highly liquid investments of high credit quality to reduce risks associated with
    these investments. Such investments with remaining maturities of greater than three months and less than
    one year at the time of purchase are classified as short-term investments. Investments with remaining
    maturities of less than three months at the time of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The
    Company’s decisions regarding the length of maturities it holds are based on cash flow requirements, rates
    of return and various other factors.

    Working capital (current assets less current liabilities) decreased to $1,103.3 million as at June 30, 2023,
    compared with $1,233.6 million as at December 31, 2022, primarily due a $226.1 million decrease in cash
    and cash equivalents and a $134.2 million increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, partially
    offset by an increase of $113.0 million in other current assets and a $100.0 million decrease in the current
    portion of long-term debt.
    On April 7, 2023, Moody’s upgraded its credit rating outlook for the Company to “positive” from “stable”,
    while affirming the credit rating at Baa2. On June 20, 2023, Fitch Ratings affirmed its credit rating for
    Agnico Eagle at BBB+ with a Stable Outlook. These investment grade credit ratings reflect the Company’s
    strong business and credit profile, while maintaining low leverage and conservative financial policies and
    recognizing the benefits of the Company's size and scale and operations in favorable mining jurisdictions.


                                                         19
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                       (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                   For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those set in this MD&A and in the Company’s AIF, the
    Company believes it will generate sufficient cash flow from operations and has adequate cash and debt
    facilities available to finance its current operations, working capital requirements, contractual obligations,
    debt maturities, planned capital expenditure and exploration programs. While the Company believes its
    capital resources will be sufficient to satisfy all its mandatory and discretionary commitments, the Company
    may choose to decrease certain of its discretionary expenditure commitments, which include certain capital
    expenditures and exploration and corporate development expenses, should unexpected financial
    circumstances arise in the future. See Risk Profile in this MD&A.

    Operating Activities

    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $722.0 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared
    with $633.3 million in the second quarter of 2022 primarily due to higher gold sales volume from the
    Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction, a 5.8% higher realized gold price and more
    favourable working capital movements between periods. This was partially offset by lower gold sales
    volume from the Meliadine, Detour and Kittila mines along with higher production costs in the current
    period.
    Cash provided by operating activities increased to $1,371.6 million in the first six months of 2023 compared
    with $1,140.7 million in the first six months of 2022 primarily due to higher gold sales volume from the
    Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction, higher gold sales from the Meadowbank
    complex and the Macassa mine and 3.4% higher realized gold prices in the current period. Contributing to
    the increase in cash from operating activities were reductions in other expenses, exploration and general and
    administrative expenses in the current period.

    Investing Activities

    Cash used in investing activities in the second quarter of 2023 increased to $450.2 million compared with
    $394.1 million cash used in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to $40.0 million in non-recurring
    proceeds from a loan repayment in 2022 and $15.0 million in additional capital expenditures between
    periods. The increase in capital expenditures between periods is primarily attributable to expenditures at the
    Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction.

    In the second quarter of 2023, the Company purchased $29.4 million in equity securities and other
    investments compared with $18.4 million in the second quarter of 2022. The Company’s equity securities
    and other investments consist primarily of investments in common shares and share purchase warrants of
    entities in the mining industry.
    Cash used in investing activities increased to $1,848.9 million in the first six months of 2023, compared
    with cash provided by investing activities of $141.5 million in the first six months of 2022, primarily due to
    $1,000.6 million in net cash consideration paid by the Company in the Yamana Transaction, $838.7 million
    in non-recurring cash acquired in 2022 due to the Merger and an increase of $106.8 million in capital
    expenditures between periods. The increase in capital expenditures between periods is primarily attributable
    to the increases at the Canadian Malartic complex following the Yamana Transaction and additions at the
    Meadowbank complex and the Detour mine.

    In the first six months of 2023, the Company purchased $44.2 million in equity securities and other
    investments compared with $31.9 million in the first six months of 2022.

    Financing Activities

    Cash used in financing activities increased to $582.4 million in the second quarter of 2023, compared with
    $294.3 million used in the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to a $900.0 million repayment of the
    Credit


                                                          20
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Facility used to finance the Yamana Transaction. The credit facility repayment was partially funded by
    $599.0 million in net proceeds received from the Term Loan Facility.

    The Company issued common shares for net proceeds of $20.1 million in the second quarter of 2023,
    compared with $11.2 million in the second quarter of 2022, attributable to employee stock option plan
    exercises and issuances under the incentive share purchase plan and the dividend reinvestment plan.
    In the second quarter of 2023, the Company did not repurchase any shares under the NCIB. In the second
    quarter of 2022, the Company repurchased 453,000 common shares for $22.3 million at an average price of
    $49.13 under the NCIB.

    Cash provided by financing activities increased to $254.1 million in the first six months of 2023, compared
    with cash used by financing activities of $462.2 million in the first six months of 2022, primarily due to
    $599.0 million in net proceeds received from the Term Loan Facility that were used to partially repay the
    Credit Facility following the Yamana Transaction, $100.0 million in net proceeds from the Credit Facility
    and a reduction of $25.0 million in senior note repayments between periods.

    The Company issued common shares for net proceeds of $37.0 million in the first six months of 2023,
    compared with $34.4 million in the first six months of 2022, attributable to employee stock option plan
    exercises and issuances under the incentive share purchase plan and the dividend reinvestment plan.
    During the first six months of 2023, the Company repurchased 100,000 common shares for $4.8 million at
    an average price of $47.74 under the NCIB. During the first six months of 2022, the Company repurchased
    453,000 common shares for $22.3 million at an average price of $49.13 under the NCIB.

    On April 27, 2023, Agnico Eagle declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per common share paid on
    June 15, 2023 to holders of record of the common shares of the Company as of June 1, 2023. Agnico Eagle
    has declared a cash dividend every year since 1983. In the second quarter of 2023, the Company paid
    dividends of $165.3 million compared to $149.8 million paid in the second quarter of 2022. In the first
    six months of 2023, the Company paid dividends of $321.4 million, an increase of $16.8 million compared
    to $304.6 million paid in the first six months of 2022. Although the Company expects to continue paying
    dividends, future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and will be subject to factors such as
    income, financial condition and capital requirements.

    In the first six months of 2023, the Company drew down $1.0 billion on its Credit Facility to finance the
    cash consideration portion of the Yamana Transaction and repaid $900.0 million of the amount drawn. The
    repayment was partially funded by a $600.0 million drawdown on the Company’s Term Loan Facility. In the
    first six months of 2022, the Company drew down and repaid $100.0 million from the Credit Facility
    primarily to facilitate operating requirements. As at June 30, 2023, the Company’s outstanding balance
    under the Credit Facility was $100.0 million. Credit Facility availability is reduced by outstanding letters of
    credit at that date, which were $1.0 million as at June 30, 2023, resulting in $1,099.0 million available for
    future drawdown.
    The Company has five uncommitted letter of credit facilities with certain financial institutions (the “LC
    Facilities”). At June 30, 2023, amounts available under these letter of credit facilities are as follows;
    C$400.0 million, C$320.0 million, C$200.0 million, C$200.0 million and $75.0 million. As at June 30,
    2023, the aggregate undrawn face amount of letters of credit under the LC Facilities was $715.6 million.
    Additionally, the company has a standby letter of guarantee facility (the “Guarantee Facility”) with a
    financial institution providing for a $25.0 million uncommitted letter of guarantee facility. The aggregate
    undrawn face amount of guarantees under the guarantee facility at June 30, 2023 was $12.5 million.

    The Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the Credit Facility, Term Loan Facility, the
    LC Facilities, the Guarantee Facility, and the $1,250.0 million of guaranteed senior unsecured notes as at
    June 30, 2023.


                                                          21
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                      (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                  For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Risk Profile

    The Company is subject to significant risks, including fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign exchange
    rates and other risks due to the inherent nature of the business of exploration, development and mining of
    properties with precious metals. Changes in economic conditions and volatile financial markets may have a
    significant impact on Agnico Eagle’s cost and availability of financing and overall liquidity. The volatility
    in gold, silver, zinc and copper prices directly affects Agnico Eagle’s revenues, earnings and cash flow.
    Volatile energy, commodity and consumables prices and currency exchange rates impact production costs.
    The Company is subject to risks related to pandemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases such as
    COVID-19, as well as the economic impacts that result therefrom. For a more comprehensive discussion of
    these and other risks, see “Risk Factors” in the AIF filed on the CSA’s SEDAR website and with the SEC as
    part of the Form 40-F.

    Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
    The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
    financial reporting (“ICFR”) and disclosure controls and procedures (“DC&P”).

    ICFR is a framework designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
    reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS.
    Management has used the Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
    Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) in order to assess the effectiveness of the
    Company’s ICFR.

    DC&P form a broader framework designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be
    disclosed by the Company in its annual and interim filings and other reports filed under securities
    legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time frame specified in securities
    legislation and includes controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
    disclosed by the Company in its annual and interim filings and other reports submitted under securities
    legislation is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management to allow timely decisions
    regarding required disclosure.
    Together, the ICFR and DC&P frameworks provide internal control over financial reporting and disclosure.
    The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable
    assurance that information, which is required to be disclosed in the Company’s annual and interim filings
    and other reports filed under securities legislation, is accumulated and communicated in a timely fashion.
    Due to their inherent limitations, the Company acknowledges that, no matter how well designed, ICFR and
    DC&P can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and as such may
    not prevent or detect all misstatements. Further, the effectiveness of ICFR is subject to the risk that controls
    may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or
    procedures may change.

    There have been no significant changes in our internal controls during the three and six months ended
    June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control
    over financial reporting.

    Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures

    This MD&A presents certain financial performance measures, including adjusted net income, adjusted net
    income per share, total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (on both a by-product and co-product basis),
    minesite costs per tonne, all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced (on both a by-product and co-
    product basis), operating margin, sustaining capital expenditures and development capital expenditures, that
    are not recognized measures under IFRS. These measures may not be comparable to similar measures
    reported by other gold producers. Non-GAAP financial performance measures should be considered
    together with


                                                          22
​




                                              AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                            (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                        For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of
    Performance in this MD&A for details on the composition, usefulness and other information regarding such
    measures.
    Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income Per Share
    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s disclosure of the non-GAAP
    measures adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share.
    The following table sets out the calculation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share for the
    three and six months ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022.
                                                                                         Three Months Ended              Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                            ​ ​           June 30,           ​ ​         June 30,             ​
    (thousands of United States dollars)                                         ​ ​     2023    ​ ​    2022(i)   ​ ​    2023    ​ ​     2022(i)​
    ​                                                                            ​ ​​           ​ ​ ​ Restated ​ ​ ​ ​           ​ ​ ​ Restated ​
    Net income for the period — basic                                            ​ ​​$326,821​​ ​​$290,389​​ ​​$ 2,143,712​​ ​​$409,465​
      Dilutive impact of cash settling LTIP                                      ​ ​​$ (1,140)​​ ​​$ (2,745)​​ ​​$    (2,916)​​ ​​$    398​
    Net income for the period — diluted                                          ​ ​​ 325,681​​ ​​ ​287,644​​ ​​ ​ 2,140,796​​ ​​ ​409,863​
          Foreign currency translation loss (gain)                               ​ ​​ 4,014​​ ​​ ​(13,492​​ ) ​​ ​     4,234​​ ​​ ​(12,282​)
          Realized and unrealized (gain) loss on derivative
            financial instruments                                                ​ ​​ (26,433)​​ ​​ ​ 40,753​​ ​​ ​ (32,972)​​ ​​ ​ 12,089​
          Transaction costs and severance related to acquisitions                ​ ​​ 1,674​​ ​​ ​ 11,372​​ ​​ ​ 16,912​​ ​​ ​ 92,139​
          Revaluation gain on Yamana Transaction                                 ​ ​​      —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​(1,543,414​​
                                                                                                                             ) ​​ ​      —​
          Environmental remediation                                              ​ ​​ (1,420)​​ ​​ ​ (319)​​ ​​ ​     (1,977)​​ ​​ ​ (2,618​)
          Integration costs                                                      ​ ​​      —​​ ​​ ​      457​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​      457​
          Net loss on disposal of property. plant and equipment                  ​ ​​ 1,058​​ ​​ ​ 2,828​​ ​​ ​        3,601​​ ​​ ​ 3,914​
          Purchase price allocation to inventory(ii)                             ​ ​​ 22,821​​ ​​ ​ 39,185​​ ​​ ​ 22,821​​ ​​ ​152,836​
          Income and mining taxes adjustments(iii)                               ​ ​​ (6,121)​​ ​​ ​ (9,516)​​ ​​ ​ (19,223)​​ ​​ ​(49,398)​
    Adjusted net income for the period — basic                                   ​ ​​$322,414​​ ​​$361,657​​ ​​$         593,694​​ ​​$606,602​
    Adjusted net income for the period — diluted                                 ​ ​​$321,274​​ ​​$358,912​​ ​​$         590,778​​ ​​$607,000​
    Net income per share — basic                                                 ​ ​​$     0.66​​ ​​$      0.64​​ ​​$       4.45​​ ​​$      0.97​
    Net income per share — diluted                                               ​ ​​$     0.66​​ ​​$      0.63​​ ​​$       4.43​​ ​​$      0.97​
    Adjusted net income per share — basic                                        ​ ​​$     0.65​​ ​​$      0.79​​ ​​$       1.23​​ ​​$      1.44​
    Adjusted net income per share — diluted                                      ​ ​​$     0.65​​ ​​$      0.79​​ ​​$       1.22​​ ​​$      1.44​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)     The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of Kirkland during the year ended December 31, 2022 and adjustments were
            made retrospectively back to the acquisition date of February 8, 2022 and the comparative amounts above have been adjusted
            accordingly. For more information please see Note 5 in the Company’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements.
    (ii)    As part of the purchase price allocation in a business combination, the Company is required to determine the fair value of net
            assets acquired. The fair value of inventory acquired is estimated based on the selling cost less costs to be incurred plus a profit
            margin on those costs resulting in a fair value increase to the carrying value of inventories acquired. The revalued inventory sold
            during the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 resulted in additional production costs of approximately $22.8 million
            ($13.7 million after tax). The revalued inventory sold during the three months ended June 30, 2022 resulted in additional
            production costs of approximately $39.2 million ($27.1 million after tax) and for the six months ended June 30, 2022, resulted in
            additional production costs of approximately $152.8 million ($105.9 million after tax). These non-cash fair value adjustments
            which increased the cost of inventory sold during the period and are not representative of ongoing operations, were normalized
            from net income per share.
    (iii) Income and mining taxes adjustments reflect items such as foreign currency translation recorded to the income and mining taxes
          expense, the impact of income and mining taxes on adjusted items, recognition of previously unrecognized capital losses, the
          result of income and mining taxes audits, impact of tax law changes and adjustments to prior period tax filings.



                                                                         23
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                      For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced and Minesite Costs per Tonne

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s disclosure of the non-GAAP
    measures total cash costs per ounce of gold produced and minesite costs per tonne.
    The following tables set out a reconciliation of total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (on both a by-
    product basis and co-product basis) and minesite costs per tonne to production costs, exclusive of
    amortization, as presented in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income in accordance with
    IFRS.

    Total Production Costs by Mine

                                                                        Three Months Ended           Six Months Ended
    ​                                                             ​ ​         June 30,       ​ ​          June 30,         ​
    (thousands of United States dollars)                          ​ ​   2023    ​ ​   2022   ​ ​   2023     ​ ​    2022    ​
       LaRonde mine                                               ​ ​​$ 63,969​​ ​​$ 33,949​​ ​​$ 103,676​​ ​​$ 79,790​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                        ​ ​​ ​ 21,763​​ ​​ ​ 17,133​​ ​​ ​ 43,987​​ ​​ ​ 33,866​
      LaRonde complex                                             ​ ​​ ​ 85,732​​ ​​ ​ 51,082​​ ​​ ​ 147,663​​ ​​ ​ 113,656​
      Canadian Malartic complex(i)                                ​ ​​ ​144,190​​ ​​ ​ 56,405​​ ​​ ​ 201,481​​ ​​ ​ 113,342​
      Goldex mine                                                 ​ ​​ ​ 28,160​​ ​​ ​ 26,530​​ ​​ ​ 55,995​​ ​​ ​ 52,747​
      Meliadine mine                                              ​ ​​ ​ 78,817​​ ​​ ​ 86,386​​ ​​ ​ 160,011​​ ​​ ​ 165,065​
      Meadowbank complex                                          ​ ​​ ​117,488​​ ​​ ​107,373​​ ​​ ​ 247,492​​ ​​ ​ 204,084​
      Kittila mine                                                ​ ​​ ​ 43,336​​ ​​ ​ 53,315​​ ​​ ​ 96,631​​ ​​ ​ 102,766​
      Detour Lake mine                                            ​ ​​ ​112,796​​ ​​ ​137,429​​ ​​ ​ 226,818​​ ​​ ​ 257,394​
      Macassa mine                                                ​ ​​ ​ 38,545​​ ​​ ​ 33,001​​ ​​ ​ 76,504​​ ​​ ​ 65,315​
      Fosterville mine                                            ​ ​​ ​ 35,831​​ ​​ ​ 48,303​​ ​​ ​ 72,430​​ ​​ ​ 136,304​
      Pinos Altos mine                                            ​ ​​ ​ 34,709​​ ​​ ​ 39,873​​ ​​ ​ 67,631​​ ​​ ​ 72,409​
      Creston Mascota mine                                        ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​     484​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​    1,099​
      La India mine                                               ​ ​​ ​ 23,649​​ ​​ ​ 17,455​​ ​​ ​ 43,741​​ ​​ ​ 35,190​
    Production costs per the condensed interim consolidated
      statements of income                                  ​ ​​$743,253​​ ​​$657,636​​ ​​$ 1,396,397​​ ​​$ 1,319,371​




                                                             24
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Reconciliation of Production Costs to Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced by Mine and
    Reconciliation of Production Costs to Minesite Costs per Tonne by Mine
    (thousands of United States dollars, except as noted)
    LaRonde mine                                            Three Months Ended                                Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                                  Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​           June 30, 2023                       ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                        ​​           June 30, 2022                        ​
    Gold production (ounces)                      ​ ​                                     58,635 ​​                                         70,736 ​​                                        118,168 ​​                                        158,285 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    63,969​​​​ $    1,091​​​​ $    33,949​​​​ $      480​​​​$    103,676​​​​ $      877​​​​$     79,790​​​​ $      504​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​        (8,971)​​​​ ​                (153)​​​​ ​         20,746​​​​ ​                   293​​​​ ​         13,534​​​​ ​                    115​​​​ ​         31,673​​​​ ​                    200​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​           770​​​​ ​                   13​​​​ ​             (127)​​​​ ​                  (2)​​​​ ​         1,848​​​​ ​                     16​​​​ ​           (612)​​​​ ​                    (4​)
      Other adjustments(v)                       ​ ​​ ​         5,555​​​​ ​                   95​​​​ ​            4,079​​​​ ​                   58​​​​ ​          9,903​​​​ ​                     83​​​​ ​          6,841​​​​ ​                     44​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$       61,323​​​​ $                 1,046​​​​ $          58,647​​​​ $                   829​​​​$         128,961​​​​ $                  1,091​​​​$         117,692​​​​ $                    744​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​      (15,157)​​​​ ​                 (259)​​​​ ​        (18,643)​​​​ ​                 (263)​​​​ ​       (29,689)​​​​ ​                  (251)​​​​ ​       (35,861)​​​​ ​                  (227)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)           $       46,166          $              787 $              40,004          $              566 $             99,272          $               840 $             81,831          $               517
                                                 ​ ​​                  ​​​​                     ​​​​                     ​​​​                     ​​​​                    ​​​​                      ​​​​                    ​​​​                         ​

    LaRonde mine                                            Three Months Ended                                Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                                  Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​           June 30, 2023                       ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                        ​​           June 30, 2022                        ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)    ​ ​                                        347 ​​                                            423 ​​                                            736 ​​                                            877 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    63,969​​​​ $       185​​​​ $    33,949​​​​ $        80​​​​$    103,676​​​​ $       141​​​​$     79,790​​​​ $        91​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​$        85,861​​​​ $                  247​​​​ $          43,317​​​​ $                   103​​​​$         139,434​​​​ $                    189​​​​$         101,332​​​​ $                    115​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​ ​       (11,297)​​​​ ​                 (33)​​​​ ​         25,856​​​​          ​           61​​​​ ​         18,426​​​​          ​            25​​​​ ​         38,213​​​​          ​            44​
      Other adjustments (C$)(v)                  ​ ​​ ​        (3,302)​​​​        ​            (8)​​​​ ​         (3,371)​​​​        ​            (8)​​​​ ​       (6,443)​​​​         ​             (8)​​​​ ​       (6,877)​​​​         ​             (8)​

    Minesite operating costs (C$)                ​ ​ ​$       71,262​​​​ $                   206​​​​ $          65,802​​​​ $                   156​​​​$         151,417​​​​ $                    206​​​​$         132,668​​​​ $                    151​


    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                     Three Months Ended                                Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                                  Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​           June 30, 2023                       ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                        ​​           June 30, 2022                        ​
    Gold production (ounces)                      ​ ​                                     18,145 ​​                                         17,774 ​​                                         38,219 ​​                                         35,262 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    21,763​​​​ $    1,199​​​​ $    17,133​​​​ $      964​​​​ $    43,987​​​​ $    1,151​​​​ $    33,866​​​​ $      960​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​          (784)​​​​ ​                 (43)​​​​ ​             350​​​​         ​           20​​​​ ​           (261)​​​​ ​                     (7)​​​​ ​          815​​​​          ​            24​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​           257​​​​ ​                   14​​​​ ​              (30)​​​​        ​            (2)​​​​ ​          616​​​​ ​                     16​​​​ ​           (143)​​​​         ​             (4​)
      Other adjustments(v)                       ​ ​​ ​           775​​​​ ​                   43​​​​ ​                19​​​​        ​             1​​​​ ​         1,111​​​​ ​                     29​​​​ ​              49​​​​         ​              1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$       22,011​​​​ $                 1,213​​​​ $          17,472​​​​ $                   983​​​​ $         45,453​​​​ $                  1,189​​​​ $         34,587​​​​ $                    981​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​          (271)​​​​ ​                 (15)​​​​ ​             (28)​​​​        ​            (1)​​​​ ​         (546)​​​​ ​                   (14)​​​​ ​          (119)​​​​         ​             (3​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)             $     21,740          $            1,198          $     17,444          $              982          $    44,907          $             1,175          $    34,468          $               978
                                                 ​ ​​                  ​​​​                        ​​​​                  ​​​​                        ​​​​                 ​​​​                         ​​​​                 ​​​​                         ​

    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                     Three Months Ended                                Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                                  Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​           June 30, 2023                       ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                        ​​           June 30, 2022                        ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)    ​ ​                                        313 ​​                                            291 ​​                                            632 ​​                                            570 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    21,763​​​​ $        70​​​​ $    17,133​​​​ $        59​​​​ $    43,987​​​​ $        70​​​​ $    33,866​​​​ $        59​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​$       29,277​​​​          $           94​​​​ $          21,854​​​​          $           75​​​​ $         59,265​​​​          $            94​​​​ $         43,027​​​​          $            75​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​ ​        (1,147)​​​​            ​        (4)​​​​ ​            523​​​​             ​         2​​​​ ​          (409)​​​​             ​         (1)​​​​ ​        1,099​​​​              ​          2​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                     $       28,130              $           90          $     22,377              $           77          $    58,856              $            93          $    44,126              $            77
                                                 ​ ​​                  ​​​​                        ​​​​                  ​​​​                        ​​​​                 ​​​​                         ​​​​                 ​​​​                         ​




                                                                                                          25
​




                                                      AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                               MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                                For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    LaRonde complex                                                 Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                             Six Months Ended                               Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                           ​ ​           June 30, 2023                        ​​            June 30, 2022                      ​​         June 30, 2023                       ​​         June 30, 2022                         ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​                                      76,780 ​​                                         88,510 ​​                                     156,387 ​​                                     193,547 ​

    ​                                                    ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                                     ​ ​ ​$    85,732​​​​ $    1,117​​​​ $    51,082​​​​ $      577​​​​$    147,663​​​​ $      944​​​​$    113,656​​​​ $      587​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                        ​ ​​ ​        (9,755)​​​​ ​                 (127)​​​​ ​         21,096​​​​ ​                   238​​​​ ​      13,273​​​​ ​                     85​​​​ ​      32,488​​​​ ​                    168​
        Realized gains and losses on hedges of
          production costs                               ​ ​​ ​         1,027​​​​ ​                    13​​​​ ​             (157)​​​​ ​                  (2)​​​​ ​      2,464​​​​ ​                     16​​​​ ​        (755)​​​​ ​                     (4​)
        Other adjustments(v)                             ​ ​​ ​         6,330​​​​ ​                    82​​​​ ​            4,098​​​​ ​                   47​​​​ ​      11,014​​​​ ​                     70​​​​ ​       6,890​​​​ ​                      36​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)              ​ ​ ​$       83,334​​​​ $                  1,085​​​​ $          76,119​​​​ $                   860​​​​$      174,414​​​​ $                  1,115​​​​$      152,279​​​​ $                    787​
        By-product metal revenues                        ​ ​​ ​      (15,428)​​​​ ​                  (201)​​​​ ​        (18,671)​​​​ ​                 (211)​​​​ ​    (30,235)​​​​ ​                  (193)​​​​ ​    (35,980)​​​​ ​                  (186​)

    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)              ​ ​ ​$       67,906​​​​ $                    884​​​​ $          57,448​​​​ $                   649​​​​$      144,179​​​​ $                    922​​​​$      116,299​​​​ $                    601​


    LaRonde complex                                                 Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                             Six Months Ended                               Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                            ​ ​           June 30, 2023                        ​​            June 30, 2022                      ​​         June 30, 2023                       ​​         June 30, 2022                         ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​                                         660 ​​                                            714 ​​                                       1,368 ​​                                       1,447 ​

    ​                                                    ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                                     ​ ​ ​$    85,732​​​​ $       130​​​​ $    51,082​​​​ $        72​​​​$    147,663​​​​ $       108​​​​$    113,656​​​​ $        79​
    Production costs (C$)                                ​ ​ ​$      115,138​​​​ $                    174​​​​ $          65,171​​​​ $                    92​​​​$      198,699​​​​ $                    145​​​​$      144,359​​​​ $                    100​
        Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                   ​ ​​ ​      (12,444)​​​​         ​           (19)​​​​ ​         26,379​​​​          ​           37​​​​ ​      18,017​​​​          ​            13​​​​ ​      39,312​​​​          ​             27​
        Other adjustments (C$)(v)                        ​ ​​ ​        (3,302)​​​​        ​             (4)​​​​ ​         (3,371)​​​​        ​            (5)​​​​ ​    (6,443)​​​​         ​             (4)​​​​ ​    (6,877)​​​​         ​             (5​)
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                               $     99,392          $               151          $     88,179          $              124 $         210,273          $               154 $         176,794          $               122
                                                         ​ ​​                  ​​​​                         ​​​​                  ​​​​                     ​​​​                 ​​​​                      ​​​​                 ​​​​                          ​

    Canadian Malartic complex                                       Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                             Six Months Ended                               Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced(i)                        ​ ​           June 30, 2023                        ​​            June 30, 2022                      ​​         June 30, 2023                       ​​         June 30, 2022                         ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​                                     177,755 ​​                                         87,186 ​​                                     258,440 ​​                                     167,695 ​

    ​                                                    ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                                     ​ ​ ​$   144,190​​​​ $      811​​​​ $    56,405​​​​ $      647​​​​$    201,481​​​​ $      780​​​​$    113,342​​​​ $      676​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                        ​ ​​ ​           43​​​​ ​                     —​​​​ ​             2,139​​​​         ​           25​​​​ ​         538​​​​          ​             2​​​​ ​       2,867​​​​          ​             17​
        Purchase price allocation to inventory(iv)       ​ ​​ ​      (22,821)​​​​ ​                  (128)​​​​ ​               —​​​​         ​           —​​​​ ​      (22,821)​​​​         ​           (88)​​​​ ​          —​​​​          ​             —​
        Other adjustments(v)                             ​ ​​ ​       17,835​​​​ ​                    100​​​​ ​            8,332​​​​         ​           95​​​​ ​      25,217​​​​          ​            97​​​​ ​      16,114​​​​          ​            96​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)              ​ ​ ​$      139,247​​​​ $                    783​​​​ $          66,876​​​​ $                   767​​​​$      204,415​​​​ $                    791​​​​$      132,323​​​​ $                    789​
        By-product metal revenues                        ​ ​​ ​        (2,069)​​​​ ​                  (11)​​​​ ​          (1,243)​​​​        ​          (14)​​​​ ​     (3,207)​​​​         ​           (12)​​​​ ​     (2,905)​​​​         ​            (17)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                   $      137,178          $               772          $     65,633          $              753 $         201,208          $               779 $         129,418          $               772
                                                         ​ ​​                  ​​​​                         ​​​​                  ​​​​                      ​​​​                ​​​​                       ​​​​                ​​​​                          ​

    Canadian Malartic complex                                       Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                             Six Months Ended                               Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne(i)                                         ​ ​           June 30, 2023                        ​​            June 30, 2022                      ​​         June 30, 2023                       ​​         June 30, 2022                         ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​                                       4,882 ​​                                          2,399 ​​                                       7,144 ​​                                       4,811 ​

    ​                                                    ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                                     ​ ​ ​$   144,190​​​​ $        30​​​​ $    56,405​​​​ $        24​​​​$    201,481​​​​ $        28​​​​$    113,342​​​​ $        24​
    Production costs (C$)                                ​ ​ ​$      194,997​​​​          $            40​​​​ $          71,080​​​​      $               30​​​​$      271,662​​​​      $                38​​​​$      142,709​​​​      $                 30​
        Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                   ​ ​​ ​           511​​​​             ​        —​​​​ ​             2,664​​​​             ​         1​​​​ ​      1,251​​​​              ​        —​​​​ ​        3,674​​​​              ​         1​
        Purchase price allocation to inventory(C$)(iv)   ​ ​​ ​      (30,651)​​​​             ​         (6)​​​​ ​              —​​​​             ​       —​​​​ ​      (30,651)​​​​             ​         (4)​​​​ ​         —​​​​              ​         —​
        Other adjustments (C$)(v)                        ​ ​​ ​       23,599​​​​              ​          5​​​​ ​         10,581​​​​              ​        4​​​​ ​      33,424​​​​              ​         5​​​​ ​      20,228​​​​              ​          4​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                             $      188,456              $            39          $     84,325          $               35 $         275,686          $                39 $         166,611          $                 35
                                                         ​ ​​                  ​​​​                         ​​​​                  ​​​​                     ​​​​                 ​​​​                      ​​​​                 ​​​​                          ​




                                                                                                                   26
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Goldex mine                                             Three Months Ended                                Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                                  Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​           June 30, 2023                       ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                        ​​           June 30, 2022                         ​
    Gold production (ounces)                      ​ ​                                     37,716 ​​                                         36,877 ​​                                         71,739 ​​                                         71,322 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    28,160​​​​ $      747​​​​ $    26,530​​​​ $      719​​​​ $    55,995​​​​ $      781​​​​ $    52,747​​​​ $      740​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​          582​​​​          ​           16​​​​ ​              (22)​​​​        ​            (1)​​​​ ​         (455)​​​​         ​             (6)​​​​ ​          688​​​​          ​             10​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​          505​​​​          ​           13​​​​ ​              (56)​​​​        ​            (1)​​​​ ​        1,212​​​​          ​            17​​​​ ​           (271)​​​​         ​             (5​)
      Other adjustments(v)                       ​ ​​ ​            40​​​​         ​             1​​​​ ​               41​​​​        ​             1​​​​ ​           102​​​​          ​              1​​​​ ​             95​​​​         ​              2​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$       29,287​​​​ $                   777​​​​ $          26,493​​​​ $                   718​​​​ $         56,854​​​​ $                    793​​​​ $         53,259​​​​ $                    747​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​           (11)​​​​        ​            (1)​​​​ ​              (5)​​​​       ​           —​​​​ ​             (25)​​​​         ​             (1)​​​​ ​          (21)​​​​         ​             (1​)

    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$       29,276​​​​ $                   776​​​​ $          26,488​​​​ $                   718​​​​ $         56,829​​​​ $                    792​​​​ $         53,238​​​​ $                    746​


    Goldex mine                                             Three Months Ended                                Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                                  Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​           June 30, 2023                       ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                        ​​           June 30, 2022                         ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)    ​ ​                                        761 ​​                                            738 ​​                                          1,459 ​​                                          1,482 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    28,160​​​​ $        37​​​​ $    26,530​​​​ $        36​​​​ $    55,995​​​​ $        38​​​​ $    52,747​​​​ $        36​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​$       37,859​​​​          $           50​​​​ $          33,951​​​​      $               46​​​​ $         75,486​​​​      $                52​​​​ $         67,171​​​​      $                 45​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​ ​          730​​​​              ​         1​​​​ ​               23​​​​            ​       —​​​​ ​            (660)​​​​             ​         (1)​​​​ ​          915​​​​              ​          1​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                     $       38,589              $           51          $     33,974          $               46          $    74,826          $                51          $    68,086          $                 46
                                                 ​ ​​                  ​​​​                        ​​​​                  ​​​​                        ​​​​                 ​​​​                         ​​​​                 ​​​​                          ​

    Meliadine mine                                          Three Months Ended                                Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                                  Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​           June 30, 2023                       ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                        ​​           June 30, 2022                         ​
    Gold production (ounces)                      ​ ​                                     87,682 ​​                                         97,572 ​​                                        178,149 ​​                                        178,276 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    78,817​​​​ $      899​​​​ $    86,386​​​​ $      885​​​​$    160,011​​​​ $      898​​​​$    165,065​​​​ $      926​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​       11,228​​​​ ​                   128​​​​ ​           (3,671)​​​​        ​          (38)​​​​ ​        14,852​​​​          ​            83​​​​ ​            (39)​​​​         ​             —​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​         (451)​​​​ ​                    (5)​​​​ ​           (884)​​​​        ​            (9)​​​​ ​         (363)​​​​         ​            (2)​​​​ ​        (2,195)​​​​         ​            (13​)
      Other adjustments(v)                       ​ ​​ ​         (118)​​​​ ​                    (2)​​​​ ​              68​​​​        ​             1​​​​ ​           (13)​​​​         ​            —​​​​ ​             163​​​​          ​             1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$       89,476​​​​ $                 1,020​​​​ $          81,899​​​​ $                   839​​​​$         174,487​​​​ $                    979​​​​$         162,994​​​​ $                    914​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​         (139)​​​​ ​                    (1)​​​​ ​           (188)​​​​        ​           (2)​​​​ ​          (339)​​​​         ​            (1)​​​​ ​          (405)​​​​         ​             (2​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)           $       89,337          $            1,019          $     81,711          $              837 $            174,148          $               978 $            162,589          $               912
                                                 ​ ​​                  ​​​​                        ​​​​                  ​​​​                      ​​​​                   ​​​​                       ​​​​                   ​​​​                          ​

    Meliadine mine                                          Three Months Ended                                Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                                  Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​           June 30, 2023                       ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                        ​​           June 30, 2022                         ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)    ​ ​                                        461 ​​                                            449 ​​                                            937 ​​                                            881 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    78,817​​​​ $       171​​​​$     86,386​​​​ $       192​​​​$    160,011​​​​ $       171​​​​$    165,065​​​​ $       187​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​$      105,834​​​​ $                   230​​​​$          109,488​​​​ $                   244​​​​$         214,715​​​​ $                    229​​​​$         208,925​​​​ $                    237​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​ ​       14,556​​​​          ​           31​​​​ ​           (4,241)​​​​        ​          (10)​​​​ ​        19,606​​​​          ​            21​​​​ ​            284​​​​          ​             —​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                       $    120,390          $              261 $             105,247          $              234 $            234,321          $               250 $            209,209          $               237
                                                 ​ ​​                  ​​​​                     ​​​​                     ​​​​                     ​​​​                    ​​​​                      ​​​​                    ​​​​                          ​




                                                                                                          27
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Meadowbank complex                                      Three Months Ended                            Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                           Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​           June 30, 2023                   ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                   ​​         June 30, 2022                     ​
    Gold production (ounces)                      ​ ​                                 94,775 ​​                                         96,698 ​​                                    205,885 ​​                                 156,463 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$   117,488​​​​ $    1,240​​​​$    107,373​​​​ $    1,110​​​​$    247,492​​​​ $    1,202​​​​$    204,084​​​​ $    1,304​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​        (5,048)​​​​ ​             (54)​​​​ ​          (9,132)​​​​ ​                 (94)​​​​ ​        (6,702)​​​​ ​               (32)​​​​ ​      6,071​​​​ ​                  39​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​        (2,118)​​​​ ​             (22)​​​​ ​          (1,631)​​​​ ​                 (17)​​​​ ​        (3,617)​​​​ ​               (18)​​​​ ​     (3,674)​​​​ ​                (23​)
      Operational care & maintenance due to
       COVID-19﻿(iii)                            ​ ​​ ​             —​​​​ ​               —​​​​ ​                 —​​​​ ​                   —​​​​ ​               —​​​​ ​                 —​​​​ ​       (1,436)​​​​ ​                 (9)​
      Other adjustments(v)                       ​ ​​ ​              4​​​​ ​              —​​​​ ​                (26)​​​​ ​                 —​​​​ ​              (51)​​​​ ​               —​​​​ ​            40​​​​ ​                 —​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$      110,326​​​​ $             1,164​​​​$           96,584​​​​ $                   999​​​​$         237,122​​​​ $              1,152​​​​$      205,085​​​​ $               1,311​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​          (723)​​​​ ​              (8)​​​​ ​            (587)​​​​ ​                   (6)​​​​ ​       (1,548)​​​​ ​                 (8)​​​​ ​      (882)​​​​ ​                 (6​)
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)           $      109,603          $        1,156 $              95,997          $              993 $            235,574          $         1,144 $         204,203          $         1,305
                                                 ​ ​​                  ​​​​                 ​​​​                     ​​​​                     ​​​​                    ​​​​                  ​​​​                 ​​​​                      ​

    Meadowbank complex                                      Three Months Ended                            Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                           Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​           June 30, 2023                   ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                   ​​         June 30, 2022                     ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)    ​ ​                                    845 ​​                                            930 ​​                                      1,828 ​​                                   1,785 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$   117,488​​​​ $       139​​​​$    107,373​​​​ $       116​​​​$    247,492​​​​ $       135​​​​$    204,084​​​​ $       114​
    Production costs (C$)                        ​ ​ ​$      157,407​​​​ $               186​​​​$          136,663​​​​ $                   147​​​​$         330,385​​​​ $                181​​​​$      259,128​​​​ $                145​
      Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)             ​ ​​ ​        (6,632)​​​​        ​       (8)​​​​ ​         (10,911)​​​​        ​          (12)​​​​ ​        (8,858)​​​​         ​         (5)​​​​ ​     7,897​​​​          ​          5​
      Operational care and maintenance due to
       COVID-19 (C$)﻿(iii)                       ​ ​​ ​             —​​​​         ​       —​​​​ ​                 —​​​​         ​           —​​​​ ​               —​​​​          ​        —​​​​ ​       (1,793)​​​​         ​         (1​)
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                       $    150,775          $          178 $             125,752          $              135 $            321,527          $           176 $         265,232          $           149
                                                 ​ ​​                  ​​​​                 ​​​​                     ​​​​                     ​​​​                    ​​​​                  ​​​​                 ​​​​                      ​

    Kittila mine                                            Three Months Ended                            Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                           Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                   ​ ​           June 30, 2023                   ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                   ​​         June 30, 2022                     ​
    Gold production (ounces)                      ​ ​                                 50,130 ​​                                         64,814 ​​                                    113,822 ​​                                 110,322 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    43,336​​​​ $      864​​​​ $    53,315​​​​ $      823​​​​ $    96,631​​​​ $      849​​​​$    102,766​​​​ $      932​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​         2,784​​​​         ​       56​​​​ ​           (1,164)​​​​        ​          (19)​​​​ ​         2,744​​​​          ​        24​​​​ ​      (3,955)​​​​         ​        (36)​
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                         ​ ​​ ​          (925)​​​​        ​      (18)​​​​ ​           1,542​​​​         ​           24​​​​ ​         (1,558)​​​​         ​       (14)​​​​ ​      2,220​​​​          ​         20​
      Other adjustments(v)                       ​ ​​ ​           (50)​​​​        ​       (1)​​​​ ​               39​​​​        ​             1​​​​ ​        (1,273)​​​​         ​       (11)​​​​ ​          93​​​​         ​          1​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$       45,145​​​​ $               901​​​​ $          53,732​​​​ $                   829​​​​ $         96,544​​​​ $                848​​​​$      101,124​​​​ $                917​
      By-product metal revenues                  ​ ​​ ​           (93)​​​​        ​       (2)​​​​ ​              (78)​​​​       ​           (1)​​​​ ​          (162)​​​​         ​         (1)​​​​ ​      (167)​​​​         ​         (2​)

    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)      ​ ​ ​$       45,052​​​​ $               899​​​​ $          53,654​​​​ $                   828​​​​ $         96,382​​​​ $                847​​​​$      100,957​​​​ $                915​


    Kittila mine                                            Three Months Ended                            Three Months Ended                                Six Months Ended                           Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                    ​ ​           June 30, 2023                   ​​            June 30, 2022                       ​​           June 30, 2023                   ​​         June 30, 2022                     ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)    ​ ​                                    417 ​​                                            556 ​​                                        913 ​​                                   1,017 ​

    ​                                            ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                             ​ ​ ​$    43,336​​​​ $       104​​​​ $    53,315​​​​ $        96​​​​ $    96,631​​​​ $       106​​​​$    102,766​​​​ $       101​
    Production costs (€)                         ​ ​ ​€       42,251​​​​ €               101​​​​ €          49,550​​​​ €                    89​​​​ €         91,002​​​​ €                100​​​​€       93,458​​​​ €                  92​
      Inventory adjustments (€)(ii)              ​ ​​ ​           946​​​​         ​        3​​​​ ​             (655)​​​​            ​       (1)​​​​ ​           832​​​​          ​          1​​​​ ​     (2,929)​​​​         ​         (3​)
    Minesite operating costs (€)                      €       43,197          €          104          €     48,895              €           88          €    91,834          €           101 €          90,529          €             89
                                                 ​ ​​                  ​​​​                    ​​​​                  ​​​​                        ​​​​                 ​​​​                  ​​​​                 ​​​​                      ​




                                                                                                      28
​




                                                      AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                               MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                                For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Detour Lake mine                                                Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended                               Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                          ​ ​            June 30, 2023                        ​​            June 30, 2022                        ​​           June 30, 2023                       ​​         June 30, 2022                        ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​                                     169,352 ​​                                         195,515 ​​                                        331,209 ​​                                     295,958 ​

    ​                                                   ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                                    ​ ​ ​$   112,796​​​​ $      666​​​​$    137,429​​​​ $      703​​​​$    226,818​​​​ $      685​​​​$    257,394​​​​ $      870​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                       ​ ​​ ​          (474)​​​​         ​             (3)​​​​ ​         3,988​​​​ ​                     20​​​​ ​           (168)​​​​         ​            —​​​​ ​      (12,633)​​​​ ​                    (43​)
        Realized gains and losses on hedges of
          production costs                              ​ ​​ ​         2,541​​​​          ​            15​​​​ ​              —​​​​ ​                      —​​​​ ​           6,095​​​​          ​            18​​​​ ​          —​​​​ ​                      —​
        Purchase price allocation to inventory(iv)      ​ ​​ ​            —​​​​           ​            —​​​​ ​          (22,690)​​​​ ​                  (116)​​​​ ​             —​​​​          ​            —​​​​ ​      (68,837)​​​​ ​                  (233)​
        Other adjustments(v)                            ​ ​​ ​         9,410​​​​ ​                     56​​​​ ​           7,304​​​​ ​                     38​​​​ ​         16,985​​​​ ​                     51​​​​ ​      11,589​​​​ ​                     40​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)             ​ ​ ​$       124,273​​​​ $                    734​​​​$          126,031​​​​ $                    645​​​​$         249,730​​​​ $                    754​​​​$      187,513​​​​ $                    634​
        By-product metal revenues                       ​ ​​ ​          (505)​​​​         ​            (3)​​​​ ​          (1,015)​​​​ ​                   (5)​​​​ ​        (1,187)​​​​         ​            (4)​​​​ ​     (2,220)​​​​ ​                     (8)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                  $       123,768          $               731 $             125,016          $               640 $            248,543          $               750 $         185,293          $               626
                                                        ​ ​​                   ​​​​                       ​​​​                    ​​​​                       ​​​​                   ​​​​                       ​​​​                ​​​​                         ​

    Detour Lake mine                                                Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended                               Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                           ​ ​            June 30, 2023                        ​​            June 30, 2022                        ​​           June 30, 2023                       ​​         June 30, 2022                        ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​                                       6,800 ​​                                           6,519 ​​                                         13,197 ​​                                       9,789 ​

    ​                                                   ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per tonne ) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                                    ​ ​ ​$   112,796​​​​ $       17​​​​$     137,429​​​​ $        21​​​​$    226,818​​​​ $        17​​​​$    257,394​​​​ $        26​
    Production costs (C$)                               ​ ​ ​$       151,645​​​​      $                22​​​​$          175,421​​​​          $            27​​​​$         305,553​​​​      $                23​​​​$      327,239​​​​          $             33​
        Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​        12,357​​​​              ​          2​​​​ ​          5,205​​​​              ​          1​​​​ ​        12,872​​​​              ​          1​​​​ ​    (15,867)​​​​             ​         (2​)
        Purchase price allocation to inventory (C$)(iv) ​ ​ ​ ​           —​​​​               ​        —​​​​ ​          (29,108)​​​​             ​         (5)​​​​ ​            —​​​​              ​        —​​​​ ​      (87,508)​​​​             ​         (9)​
        Other adjustments (C$)(v)                       ​ ​​ ​        11,381​​​​              ​          2​​​​ ​          9,349​​​​              ​          1​​​​ ​        20,146​​​​              ​          2​​​​ ​     14,749​​​​              ​          2​

    Minesite operating costs (C$)                       ​ ​ ​$       175,383​​​​      $                26​​​​$          160,867​​​​          $            24​​​​$         338,571​​​​      $                26​​​​$      238,613​​​​          $             24​


    Macassa mine                                                    Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended                               Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                          ​ ​            June 30, 2023                        ​​            June 30, 2022                        ​​           June 30, 2023                       ​​         June 30, 2022                        ​
    Gold production (ounces)                              ​ ​                                      57,044 ​​                                          61,262 ​​                                        121,159 ​​                                      85,750 ​

    ​                                                   ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                                    ​ ​ ​$    38,545​​​​ $      676​​​​ $    33,001​​​​ $      539​​​​ $    76,504​​​​ $      631​​​​ $    65,315​​​​ $      762​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                       ​ ​​ ​          (178)​​​​         ​             (3)​​​​ ​           953​​​​          ​            16​​​​ ​         (1,473)​​​​         ​           (11)​​​​ ​     (1,147)​​​​ ​                    (13​)
        Realized gains and losses on hedges of
          production costs                              ​ ​​ ​           812​​​​          ​            14​​​​ ​               —​​​​          ​            —​​​​ ​           1,949​​​​          ​            16​​​​ ​           —​​​​ ​                      —​
        Purchase price allocation to inventory(iv)      ​ ​​ ​            —​​​​           ​            —​​​​ ​              501​​​​          ​              8​​​​ ​             —​​​​          ​            —​​​​ ​      (10,326)​​​​ ​                  (120​)
        Other adjustments(v)                            ​ ​​ ​         3,613​​​​          ​            63​​​​ ​           1,332​​​​          ​            21​​​​ ​          4,757​​​​          ​            39​​​​ ​       1,288​​​​ ​                      14​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)             ​ ​ ​$        42,792​​​​ $                    750​​​​ $          35,787​​​​ $                    584​​​​ $         81,737​​​​ $                    675​​​​ $      55,130​​​​ $                    643​
        By-product metal revenues                       ​ ​​ ​          (168)​​​​         ​             (3)​​​​ ​           (114)​​​​        ​             (2)​​​​ ​         (376)​​​​         ​             (3)​​​​ ​      (187)​​​​ ​                     (2)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                     $     42,624          $               747          $     35,673          $               582          $    81,361          $               672 $          54,943          $               641
                                                        ​ ​​                   ​​​​                         ​​​​                  ​​​​                         ​​​​                 ​​​​                      ​​​​                 ​​​​                         ​

    Macassa mine                                                    Three Months Ended                                 Three Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended                               Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                           ​ ​            June 30, 2023                        ​​            June 30, 2022                        ​​           June 30, 2023                       ​​         June 30, 2022                        ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)            ​ ​                                         112 ​​                                              88 ​​                                            199 ​​                                         135 ​

    ​                                                   ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per tonne ) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per tonne ) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                                    ​ ​ ​$    38,545​​​​ $      344​​​​ $     33,001​​​​ $       374​​​​$     76,504​​​​ $      384​​​​ $     65,315​​​​ $       483​
    Production costs (C$)                               ​ ​ ​$        51,994​​​​ $                    464​​​​ $          42,211​​​​ $                    479​​​​$         103,236​​​​ $                    519​​​​ $      83,041​​​​ $                    615​
        Inventory adjustments (C$)(ii)                  ​ ​​ ​          (359)​​​​         ​             (3)​​​​ ​         1,278​​​​          ​            14​​​​ ​         (2,076)​​​​         ​           (10)​​​​ ​     (1,366)​​​​         ​            (10​)
        Purchase price allocation to inventory (C$)(iv) ​ ​ ​ ​           —​​​​           ​            —​​​​ ​              450​​​​          ​              5​​​​ ​             —​​​​          ​            —​​​​ ​      (13,128)​​​​         ​            (97​)
        Other adjustments (C$)(v)                       ​ ​​ ​         4,775​​​​          ​            42​​​​ ​           1,725​​​​          ​            21​​​​ ​          6,291​​​​          ​            30​​​​ ​       1,657​​​​          ​             12​
    Minesite operating costs (C$)                            $        56,410          $               503          $     45,664          $               519 $            107,451          $               539 $          70,204          $               520
                                                        ​ ​​                   ​​​​                         ​​​​                  ​​​​                      ​​​​                    ​​​​                      ​​​​                 ​​​​                         ​




                                                                                                                   29
​




                                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                  (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                              For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Fosterville mine                                           Three Months Ended                                          Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                        ​ ​         June 30, 2023                                ​​             June 30, 2022                          ​​               June 30, 2023                          ​​            June 30, 2022                           ​
    Gold production (ounces)                            ​ ​                                        81,813 ​​                                                86,065 ​​                                            168,371 ​​                                           167,892 ​

    ​                                                 ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                                  ​ ​ ​$    35,831​​​​ $      438​​​​ $    48,303​​​​ $      561​​​​ $    72,430​​​​ $      430​​​​$    136,304​​​​ $      812​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                       ​ ​​ ​             (522)​​​​         ​               (6)​​​​ ​              (970)​​​​ ​                  (12)​​​​ ​            (2,885)​​​​         ​              (17)​​​​ ​        (6,809)​​​​ ​                       (41​)
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                              ​ ​​ ​              489​​​​          ​              6​​​​ ​                   —​​​​ ​                     —​​​​ ​                 677​​​​          ​               4​​​​ ​              —​​​​ ​                         —​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(iv)      ​ ​​ ​               —​​​​           ​              —​​​​ ​              (16,997)​​​​ ​                 (197)​​​​ ​                 —​​​​          ​               —​​​​ ​         (73,674)​​​​ ​                     (439)​
      Other adjustments(v)                            ​ ​​ ​               (7)​​​​ ​                      (1)​​​​ ​                —​​​​ ​                      —​​​​ ​                  39​​​​ ​                        —​​​​ ​              —​​​​ ​                         —​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)           ​ ​ ​$           35,791​​​​ $                      437​​​​ $             30,336​​​​ $                    352​​​​ $             70,261​​​​ $                       417​​​​$          55,821​​​​ $                       332​
      By-product metal revenues                       ​ ​​ ​             (121)​​​​         ​              (1)​​​​ ​               (125)​​​​ ​                    (1)​​​​ ​             (278)​​​​         ​               (1)​​​​ ​          (313)​​​​ ​                        (1)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                $           35,670          $                 436 $                 30,211          $               351          $        69,983          $                  416 $             55,508          $                  331
                                                      ​ ​​                      ​​​​                         ​​​​                       ​​​​                         ​​​​                     ​​​​                          ​​​​                   ​​​​                            ​

    Fosterville mine                                           Three Months Ended                                          Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                         ​ ​         June 30, 2023                                ​​             June 30, 2022                          ​​               June 30, 2023                          ​​            June 30, 2022                           ​
    Tonnes of ore milled (thousands of tonnes)          ​ ​                                             176 ​​                                                 122 ​​                                                   324 ​                                                213 ​

    ​                                                 ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                                  ​ ​ ​ $ 35,831​​​​      $    204​​​​ $ 48,303​​​​      $     396​​​​ $ 72,430​​​​      $     224​​​​ $ 136,304​​​​     $     641​
    Production costs (A$)                             ​ ​ ​ A$         54,280​​​​          A$            308​​​​ A$            71,814​​​​ A$                   597​​​​ A$ 108,462​​​​ A$                                335​​​​A$        189,040​​​​ A$                      890​
      Inventory adjustments (A$)(ii)                  ​ ​​         ​     (756)​​​​                 ​       (4)​​​​         ​    (1,204)​​​​             ​       (9)​​​​ ​ (4,357)​​​​    ​                              (14)​​​​     ​    (9,409)​​​​                 ​      (43​)
      Purchase price allocation to inventory (A$)(iv) ​ ​ ​        ​       —​​​​                   ​      —​​​​            ​ (26,678)​​​​               ​     (218)​​​​         ​         —​​​​                  ​       —​​​​       ​ (102,178)​​​​                  ​     (478)​
    Minesite operating costs (A$)                             A$       53,524              A$            304          A$       43,932              A$          370 A$ 104,105      A$                                   321 A$            77,453              A$             369
                                                      ​ ​​                      ​​​​                           ​​​​                     ​​​​                      ​​​​        ​​​​                                         ​​​​                    ​​​​                            ​

    Pinos Altos mine                                           Three Months Ended                                          Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                        ​ ​         June 30, 2023                                ​​             June 30, 2022                          ​​               June 30, 2023                          ​​            June 30, 2022                           ​
    Gold production (ounces)                            ​ ​                                        22,159 ​​                                                23,020 ​​                                                46,293 ​​                                            48,190 ​

    ​                                                 ​ ​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                                  ​ ​ ​$    34,709​​​​ $    1,566​​​​ $    39,873​​​​ $    1,732​​​​ $    67,631​​​​ $    1,461​​​​ $    72,409​​​​ $    1,503​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                       ​ ​​ ​              761​​​​ ​                       34​​​​ ​              (2,955)​​​​ ​                 (128)​​​​ ​               513​​​​ ​                        11​​​​ ​         (2,156)​​​​ ​                       (45​)
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of
        production costs                              ​ ​​ ​             (690)​​​​ ​                     (31)​​​​ ​               (313)​​​​ ​                  (14)​​​​ ​            (1,143)​​​​ ​                      (25)​​​​ ​          (547)​​​​ ​                       (11​)
      Other adjustments(v)                            ​ ​​ ​              286​​​​ ​                       13​​​​ ​                 322​​​​ ​                    14​​​​ ​                578​​​​ ​                        13​​​​ ​            625​​​​ ​                        12​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)           ​ ​ ​$           35,066​​​​ $                    1,582​​​​ $             36,927​​​​ $                  1,604​​​​ $             67,579​​​​ $                     1,460​​​​ $         70,331​​​​ $                     1,459​
      By-product metal revenues                       ​ ​​ ​           (6,653)​​​​ ​                    (300)​​​​ ​             (5,082)​​​​ ​                 (221)​​​​ ​           (12,227)​​​​ ​                     (264)​​​​ ​       (11,345)​​​​ ​                     (235)​
    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)                $           28,413          $               1,282          $        31,845          $             1,383 $                 55,352          $                1,196 $             58,986          $                1,224
                                                      ​ ​​                      ​​​​                           ​​​​                     ​​​​                       ​​​​                       ​​​​                          ​​​​                   ​​​​                            ​

    Pinos Altos mine                                           Three Months Ended                                          Three Months Ended                                       Six Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                         ​ ​         June 30, 2023                                ​​             June 30, 2022                          ​​               June 30, 2023                          ​​            June 30, 2022                           ​
    Tonnes of ore processed (thousands of
    tonnes)                                             ​ ​                                             401 ​​                                                 366 ​​                                                   765 ​​                                               750 ​

    ​                                                 ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                                  ​ ​ ​$    34,709​​​​ $        87​​​​ $    39,873​​​​ $       109​​​​ $    67,631​​​​ $        88​​​​ $    72,409​​​​ $        97​
      Inventory adjustments(ii)                       ​ ​​ ​            1,905​​​​              ​            3​​​​ ​             (2,955)​​​​        ​             (8)​​​​ ​            1,657​​​​              ​             3​​​​ ​        (2,156)​​​​             ​            (3)​

    Minesite operating costs                          ​ ​ ​$           36,614​​​​ $                       90​​​​ $             36,918​​​​ $                    101​​​​ $             69,288​​​​ $                        91​​​​ $         70,253​​​​          $                94​




                                                                                                                      30
​




                                                      AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                               MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                                For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    Creston Mascota mine                                        Three Months Ended                                                        Three Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                      ​ ​            June 30, 2023                                          ​​                 June 30, 2022                        ​​               June 30, 2023                          ​​        June 30, 2022                    ​
    Gold production (ounces)                         ​ ​                                                             165 ​​                                                 635 ​​                                                  409 ​                                   1,641 ​

    ​                                               ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                                ​ ​​ $       —​​​​ $          —​​​​ $       484​​​​ $        762​​​​ $       —​​​​ $          —​​​​ $      1,099​​​​ $       670​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                   ​ ​​            ​              —​​​​              ​               —​​​​           ​        60​​​​        ​               95​​​​          ​           —​​​​            ​           —​​​​ ​         (27)​​​​     ​           (16​)
        Other adjustments(v)                        ​ ​​            ​              —​​​​              ​               —​​​​           ​        30​​​​        ​               49​​​​          ​           —​​​​            ​           —​​​​ ​           48​​​​     ​            29​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)         ​ ​​        $                  —​​​​          $                   —​​​​ $                 574​​​​ $                     906​​​​      $               —​​​​        $               —​​​​ $       1,120​​​​ $               683​
        By-product metal revenues                   ​ ​​            ​              —​​​​              ​               —​​​​           ​         (5)​​​​      ​                (7)​​​​        ​           —​​​​            ​           —​​​​ ​        (140)​​​​     ​           (85)​

    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)         ​ ​​        $                  —​​​​          $                   —​​​​ $                 569​​​​ $                     899​​​​      $               —​​​​        $               —​​​​ $         980​​​​ $               598​


    Creston Mascota mine                                                Three Months Ended                                                 Three Months Ended                                        Six Months Ended                             Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne(vi)                                     ​ ​                  June 30, 2023                                       ​​             June 30, 2022                        ​​                  June 30, 2023                      ​​        June 30, 2022                    ​
    Tonnes of ore processed (thousands of tonnes)         ​ ​                                                           — ​​                                                   — ​​                                                    — ​​                                    —​

    ​                                                 ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                                  ​ ​​ $       —​​​​ $          —​​​​ $       484​​​​ $         — ​​​ $        —​​​ $           —​​​​ $      1,099​​​​ $        —​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                     ​ ​​                  ​         —​​​​                   ​         —​​​​ ​                  60​​​​              ​         — ​​​             ​        —​​​                ​        —​​​​ ​        (27)​​​​         ​        —​
        Other adjustments(v)                          ​ ​​                  ​         —​​​​                   ​         —​​​​ ​                (544)​​​​             ​         — ​​​             ​        —​​​                ​        —​​​​ ​     (1,072)​​​​         ​        —​
    Minesite operating costs                                            $             —                   $             —             $           —              $             —          $               —           $                — $              —          $            —
                                                      ​ ​​                                 ​​​​                                ​​​​                   ​​​​                         ​​​                        ​​​                       ​​​​                ​​​​                     ​

    La India mine                                               Three Months Ended                                                        Three Months Ended                                     Six Months Ended                                 Six Months Ended
    Per Ounce of Gold Produced                      ​ ​            June 30, 2023                                          ​​                 June 30, 2022                        ​​               June 30, 2023                          ​​        June 30, 2022                    ​
    Gold production (ounces)                         ​ ​                                                          17,833 ​​                                              20,016 ​​                                                34,154 ​                                 41,718 ​

    ​                                               ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per ounce) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per ounce) ​
    Production costs                                ​ ​ ​$   23,649​​​​ $       1,326​​​​ $  17,455​​​​ $        872​​​​ $   43,741​​​​ $       1,281​​​​ $  35,190​​​​ $        844​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                   ​ ​​ ​                      1,318​​​​ ​                           74​​​​ ​              1,564​​​​        ​               78​​​​ ​                 2,766​​​​ ​                     80​​​​ ​      2,132​​​​      ​            51​
        Other adjustments(v)                        ​ ​​ ​                       134​​​​ ​                              8​​​​ ​               177​​​​        ​                 9​​​​ ​                  263​​​​ ​                       8​​​​ ​       373​​​​      ​             9​
    Cash operating costs (co-product basis)         ​ ​ ​$              25,101​​​​ $                               1,408​​​​ $             19,196​​​​ $                     959​​​​ $                46,770​​​​ $                  1,369​​​​ $    37,695​​​​ $                904​
        By-product metal revenues                   ​ ​​ ​                       (407)​​​​ ​                         (23)​​​​ ​              (451)​​​​       ​              (23)​​​​ ​                 (722)​​​​ ​                   (21)​​​​ ​    (1,159)​​​​     ​           (28)​

    Cash operating costs (by-product basis)         ​ ​ ​$              24,694​​​​ $                               1,385​​​​ $             18,745​​​​ $                     936​​​​ $                46,048​​​​ $                  1,348​​​​ $    36,536​​​​ $                876​


    La India mine                                                       Three Months Ended                                                 Three Months Ended                                        Six Months Ended                             Six Months Ended
    Per Tonne                                         ​ ​                  June 30, 2023                                       ​​             June 30, 2022                         ​​                 June 30, 2023                      ​​        June 30, 2022                    ​
    Tonnes of ore processed (thousands of tonnes)         ​ ​                                                          880 ​​                                              1,356 ​​                                                1,540 ​​                                 2,919 ​

    ​                                                 ​ ​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​​ (thousands) ​​ ($ per tonne) ​
    Production costs                                  ​ ​ ​$   23,649​​​​ $         27​​​​ $   17,455​​​​ $         13​​​​ $   43,741​​​​ $         28​​​​ $   35,190​​​​ $         12​
        Inventory adjustments(ii)                     ​ ​​ ​                      1,318​​​​               ​              1​​​​ ​              1,564​​​​              ​          1​​​​ ​                2,766​​​​          ​             2​​​​ ​     2,132​​​​          ​         1​
    Minesite operating costs                               $                     24,967               $                 28 $                 19,019              $             14 $                   46,507          $                30 $        37,322          $            13
                                                      ​ ​​                                 ​​​​                           ​​​​                        ​​​​                       ​​​​                          ​​​​                      ​​​​               ​​​​                     ​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)      The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex up to and including
             March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.
    (ii)     Under the Company’s revenue recognition policy, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized upon the transfer of
             control over metals sold to the customer. As the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced are calculated on a production basis,
             an inventory adjustment is made to reflect the portion of production not yet recognized as revenue.
    (iii) This adjustment reflects the costs associated with the temporary suspension of mining activities at the Company’s mine sites in
          response to the COVID-19 pandemic and includes primarily payroll and other incidental costs associated with maintaining the
          sites and properties, and payroll costs associated with employees who were not working during the period of reduced or
          suspended operations. These expenses also include payroll costs of employees who could not work following the period of
          temporary suspension or reduced operations due to the Company’s effort to prevent or curtail community transmission of
          COVID-19. These costs were previously classified as “other adjustments” and have now been disclosed separately to provide
          additional detail on the reconciliation, allowing investors to better understand the impact of such events on the total cash costs
          per ounce and minesite cost per tonne.
    (iv) On February 8, 2022, the Company completed the Merger and this adjustment reflects the fair value allocated to inventory at the
         Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines as part of the purchase price allocation. On March 31, 2023, the Company
         completed Yamana Transaction and this adjustment reflects the fair value allocated to inventory on Canadian Malartic complex as
         part of the purchase price allocation.



                                                                                                                                31
​




                                              AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                            (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                        For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    (v)     Other adjustments consists of costs associated with a 5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Canadian Malartic complex, a 2%
            in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Detour Lake mine, a 1.5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Macassa mine, smelting,
            refining, and marketing charges to production costs.
    (vi) The Creston Mascota mine’s cost calculations per tonne for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 excludes
         approximately $0.5 and $1.1 million of production costs, incurred during the period, respectively, following the ceasing of
         mining activities at the Bravo pit during the third quarter of 2020.


    All-in Sustaining Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced
    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s disclosure of the non-GAAP
    measure all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced.
    The following tables set out a reconciliation of production costs to the Company’s use of the non-GAAP
    measure all-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023
    and June 30, 2022 on both a by-product basis (deducting by-product metal revenues from production costs)
    and co-product basis (without deducting by-product metal revenues).

    Reconciliation of Production Costs to All-in Sustaining Costs per Ounce of Gold Produced

                                                                                                 Three Months Ended               Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                                       ​​         June 30,     ​​                 June 30,          ​
    (United States dollars per ounce of gold produced, except where noted)                  ​​     2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​              2023    ​ ​ 2022       ​
    Production costs per the condensed interim consolidated statements of income
      (thousands of United States dollars)                                                  ​ ​​$743,253​​ ​​$657,636​​ ​​$ 1,396,397​​ ​​$ 1,319,371​
    Gold production (ounces)                                                                ​ ​​ ​873,204​​ ​​ ​858,170​​ ​​ ​1,686,017​​ ​​ ​1,518,774​
    Production costs per ounce of adjusted gold production                                  ​ ​​$     851​​ ​​$     766​​ ​​$         828​​ ​​$      869​
    Adjustments:                                                                            ​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​​ ​        ​
      Inventory adjustments(i)                                                              ​ ​​ ​      1​​ ​​ ​     14​​ ​​ ​         14​​ ​​ ​      12​
      Purchase price allocation to inventory(ii)                                            ​ ​​ ​    (26)​​ ​​ ​   (46)​​ ​​ ​       (13)​​ ​​ ​   (101​)
      Realized gains and losses on hedges of production costs                               ​ ​​ ​      1​​ ​​ ​     (2)​​ ​​ ​         3​​ ​​ ​      (3​)
      Operational care and maintenance costs due to COVID-19(iii)                           ​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​       (1​)
      Other(iv)                                                                             ​ ​​ ​     43​​ ​​ ​     26​​ ​​ ​         34​​ ​​ ​      24​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (co-product basis)(v)                       ​ ​​$     870​​ ​​$     758​​ ​​$         866​​ ​​$      800​
      By-product metal revenues                                                             ​ ​​ ​    (30)​​ ​​ ​   (32)​​ ​​ ​       (30)​​ ​​ ​    (37​)
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced (by-product basis)(v)                       ​ ​​$     840​​ ​​$     726​​ ​​$         836​​ ​​$      763​
    Adjustments:                                                                            ​ ​​ ​     ​​ ​​ ​     ​​ ​​ ​               ​​ ​​ ​         ​
     Sustaining capital expenditures (including capitalized exploration)                    ​ ​​ ​  237​​ ​​ ​  231​​ ​​ ​            226​​ ​​ ​      197​
     General and administrative expenses (including stock option expense)                   ​ ​​ ​   54​​ ​​ ​   57​​ ​​ ​             57​​ ​​ ​       77​
     Non-cash reclamation provision and sustaining leases(vi)                               ​ ​​ ​   19​​ ​​ ​   12​​ ​​ ​             19​​ ​​ ​       14​
    All-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced (by-product basis)                   ​ ​​$ 1,150​​ ​​$ 1,026​​ ​​$           1,138​​ ​​$     1,051​
          By-product metal revenues                                                         ​ ​​ ​   30​​ ​​ ​   32​​ ​​ ​             30​​ ​​ ​       37​
    All-in sustaining costs per ounce of gold produced (co-product basis)                   ​ ​​$ 1,180​​ ​​$ 1,058​​ ​​$           1,168​​ ​​$     1,088​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)     Under the Company’s revenue recognition policy, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized upon the transfer of
            control over metals sold to the customer. As the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced are calculated on a production basis,
            an inventory adjustment is made to reflect the portion of production not yet recognized as revenue.
    (ii)    On February 8, 2022, the Company completed the Merger and this adjustment reflects the fair value allocated to inventory at the
            Detour Lake, Macassa and Fosterville mines as part of the purchase price allocation. On March 31, 2023, the Company
            completed Yamana Transaction and this adjustment reflects the fair value allocated to inventory on Canadian Malartic complex as
            part of the purchase price allocation.
    (iii) This adjustment reflects the costs associated with the temporary suspension of mining activities at the Company’s mine sites in
          response to the COVID-19 pandemic which primarily includes payroll and other incidental costs associated with maintaining the
          sites and properties, and payroll costs associated with employees who were not working during the period of reduced or
          suspended



                                                                        32
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                      For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

          operations. These costs were previously classified as “other adjustments” and, as of 2022, have been disclosed separately to
          provide additional detail on the reconciliation, allowing investors to better understand the impact of such events on the total cash
          costs per ounce and minesite cost per tonne.​
    (iv) Other adjustments consists of costs associated with a 5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Canadian Malartic complex, a 2%
         in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Detour Lake mine, a 1.5% in-kind royalty paid in respect of the Macassa mine, smelting,
         refining and marketing charges to production costs.
    (v)   The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to
          data reported by other gold producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold
          Produced and Minesite Costs per Tonne for more information on the Company’s use of total cash cost per ounce of gold
          produced.
    (vi) Sustaining leases are lease payments related to sustaining assets.


    Operating Margin
    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s disclosure of the non-GAAP
    measure operating margin.

    The following table sets out a reconciliation of net income to operating margin for the three and six months
    ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022.

    ​                                                                                   ​​        Three Months Ended June 30, 2023               ​
                                                                                            Revenues from
                                                                                               Mining       Production        Operating
    ​                                                                                    ​ ​ Operations ​ ​    Costs    ​​     Margin            ​
    LaRonde mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​$ 133,865 ​​ ​ ​$ (63,969) ​​ ​ ​$ 69,896 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 36,558 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (21,763) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 14,795 ​
    Canadian Malartic complex(ii)                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 335,871 ​​ ​ ​ ​(144,190) ​​ ​ ​ ​191,681 ​
    Goldex mine                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 73,272 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (28,160) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 45,112 ​
    Meliadine mine                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 157,179 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (78,817) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 78,362 ​
    Meadowbank complex                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 195,856 ​​ ​ ​ ​(117,488) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 78,368 ​
    Kittila mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 102,868 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (43,336) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 59,532 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 317,068 ​​ ​ ​ ​(112,796) ​​ ​ ​ ​204,272 ​
    Macassa mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 112,879 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (38,545) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 74,334 ​
    Fosterville mine                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 168,074 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (35,831) ​​ ​ ​ ​132,243 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 50,389 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (34,709) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 15,680 ​
    La India mine                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 34,318 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (23,649) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 10,669 ​
    Segment totals                                                                       ​ ​ ​$1,718,197 ​​ ​ ​$(743,253) ​​ ​ ​$974,944 ​
    Corporate and other:                                               ​​ ​ ​                            ​​​        ​                ​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 54,422 ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​381,262 ​
    General and administrative                                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 47,312 ​
    Finance costs                                                                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 35,837 ​
    Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​(26,433) ​
    Environmental remediation                                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,420) ​
    Foreign currency translation loss                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 4,014 ​
    Care and maintenance                                                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,411 ​
    Other expenses                                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 4,199 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​139,519 ​
    Net income per condensed interim consolidated statements of income                                                      ​ ​ ​$326,821 ​


                                                                       33
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    ​                                                             ​ ​          Six Months Ended June 30, 2023                ​
                                                                      Revenues from
                                                                         Mining            Production          Operating
    ​                                                              ​ ​ Operations ​ ​        Costs       ​ ​    Margin       ​
    LaRonde mine                                                   ​ ​ ​$ 236,085 ​​ ​ ​$ (103,676)​​ ​ ​$ 132,409 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 66,080 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (43,987)​​ ​ ​ ​ 22,093 ​
    Canadian Malartic complex(ii)                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 473,945 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (201,481)​​ ​ ​ ​ 272,464 ​
    Goldex mine                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 141,335 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (55,995)​​ ​ ​ ​ 85,340 ​
    Meliadine mine                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 326,713 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (160,011)​​ ​ ​ ​ 166,702 ​
    Meadowbank complex                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 405,669 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (247,492)​​ ​ ​ ​ 158,177 ​
    Kittila mine                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 218,887 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (96,631)​​ ​ ​ ​ 122,256 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 623,663 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (226,818)​​ ​ ​ ​ 396,845 ​
    Macassa mine                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 230,738 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (76,504)​​ ​ ​ ​ 154,234 ​
    Fosterville mine                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 337,375 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (72,430)​​ ​ ​ ​ 264,945 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 101,837 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (67,631)​​ ​ ​ ​ 34,206 ​
    La India mine                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 65,531 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (43,741)​​ ​ ​ ​ 21,790 ​
    Segment totals                                                 ​ ​ ​$3,227,858 ​​ ​ ​$(1,396,397)​​ ​ ​$ 1,831,461 ​
    Corporate and other:                                           ​ ​​​           ​​​ ​ ​ ​            ​​​ ​ ​ ​           ​​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 108,190 ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 685,221 ​
    General and administrative                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 95,520 ​
    Finance costs                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 59,285 ​
    Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ (32,972)​
    Environmental remediation                                                                             ​ ​​ ​     (1,977)​
    Foreign currency translation loss                                                                     ​ ​​  ​     4,234 ​
    Care and maintenance                                                                                  ​ ​​  ​    20,656  ​
    Revaluation gain                                                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​(1,543,414)​
    Other expenses                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 24,879 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 268,127 ​
    Net income per consolidated interim condensed statements of income                                    ​ ​ ​$ 2,143,712 ​




                                                        34
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                     (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                 For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    ​                                                                ​​           Three Months Ended June 30, 2022          ​
                                                                            Revenues from
                                                                               Mining       Production          Operating
    ​                                                                    ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs        ​​    Margin     ​
    LaRonde mine                                                         ​ ​ ​$ 124,826 ​​ ​ ​$ (33,949) ​​ ​ ​$ 90,877 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 24,999 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (17,133) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 7,866 ​
    Canadian Malartic complex(ii)                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 160,866 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (56,405) ​​ ​ ​ ​104,461 ​
    Goldex mine                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 68,186 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (26,530) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 41,656 ​
    Meliadine mine                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 183,126 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (86,386) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 96,740 ​
    Meadowbank complex                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 175,417 ​​ ​ ​ ​(107,373) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 68,044 ​
    Kittila mine                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 120,926 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (53,315) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 67,611 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 352,270 ​​ ​ ​ ​(137,429) ​​ ​ ​ ​214,841 ​
    Macassa mine                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 107,779 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (33,001) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 74,778 ​
    Fosterville mine                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 173,745 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (48,303) ​​ ​ ​ ​125,442 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 51,360 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (39,873) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 11,487 ​
    Creston Mascota mine                                                 ​​ ​ ​    1,126 ​​ ​ ​ ​    (484) ​​ ​ ​ ​     642 ​
    La India mine                                                        ​​ ​  ​  36,432 ​​ ​ ​ ​ (17,455 ) ​​ ​ ​ ​ 18,977 ​
    Segment totals                                                       ​ ​ ​$1,581,058 ​​ ​ ​$(657,636) ​​ ​ ​$923,422 ​
    Corporate and other:                                                 ​​ ​ ​         ​​​ ​ ​ ​        ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​       ​ ​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 70,352 ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​269,891 ​
    General and administrative                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 49,275 ​
    Finance costs                                                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 20,961 ​
    Loss on derivative financial instruments                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 40,753 ​
    Environmental remediation                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ (319) ​
    Foreign currency translation gain                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​(13,492) ​
    Care and maintenance                                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,257 ​
    Other expenses                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 19,893 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​166,462 ​
    Net income per condensed interim consolidated statements of income                                      ​ ​ ​$290,389 ​




                                                        35
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    ​                                                                                     ​​          Six Months Ended June 30, 2022             ​
                                                                                             Revenues from
                                                                                                Mining       Production              Operating
    ​                                                                                     ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs          ​​      Margin     ​
    LaRonde mine                                                       ​ ​ ​$ 274,231 ​​ ​​$ (79,790)​​ ​ ​$ 194,441 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 58,388 ​​ ​​ ​ (33,866)​​ ​ ​ ​ 24,522 ​
    Canadian Malartic complex(ii)                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 297,105 ​​ ​​ ​ (113,342)​​ ​ ​ ​ 183,763 ​
    Goldex mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 131,521 ​​ ​​ ​ (52,747)​​ ​ ​ ​ 78,774 ​
    Meliadine mine(i)                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 346,084 ​​ ​​ ​ (165,065)​​ ​ ​ ​ 181,019 ​
    Meadowbank complex(i)                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 266,930 ​​ ​​ ​ (204,084)​​ ​ ​ ​ 62,846 ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                      ​​ ​ ​      144 ​​ ​​ ​       — ​​ ​ ​ ​      144 ​
    Kittila mine                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 216,488 ​​ ​​ ​ (102,766)​​ ​ ​ ​ 113,722 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 600,293 ​​ ​​ ​ (257,394)​​ ​ ​ ​ 342,899 ​
    Macassa mine                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 164,248 ​​ ​​ ​ (65,315)​​ ​ ​ ​ 98,933 ​
    Fosterville mine                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 368,602 ​​ ​​ ​ (136,304)​​ ​ ​ ​ 232,298 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 103,327 ​​ ​​ ​ (72,409)​​ ​ ​ ​ 30,918 ​
    Creston Mascota mine                                               ​​ ​ ​    2,918 ​​ ​​ ​   (1,099)​​ ​ ​ ​   1,819 ​
    La India mine                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 76,467 ​​ ​​ ​ (35,190)​​ ​ ​ ​ 41,277 ​
    Segment totals                                                     ​ ​ ​$2,906,746 ​​ ​​$(1,319,371)​​ ​ ​$1,587,375 ​
    Corporate and other:                                               ​​ ​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​         ​​​ ​ ​ ​        ​​
    Exploration and corporate development                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 136,194 ​
    Amortization of property, plant, and mine development(i)                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 525,535 ​
    General and administrative                                                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 116,817 ​
    Finance costs                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 43,614 ​
    Loss on derivative financial instruments                                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 12,089 ​
    Environmental remediation                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,618)​
    Foreign currency translation gain                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ (12,282)​
    Care and maintenance                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 19,713 ​
    Other expenses                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 111,791 ​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 227,057 ​
    Net income per consolidated interim condensed statements of income                                   ​ ​ ​$ 409,465 ​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)    Certain previously reported line items have been restated to reflect the final purchase price allocation of the Merger.
    (ii)   The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex up to and including
           March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.

    Sustaining Capital Expenditures and Development Capital Expenditures

    Refer to Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance in this MD&A for details on the
    composition, usefulness and other information regarding the Company’s use of the non-GAAP measures
    sustaining capital expenditures and development capital expenditures.




                                                                        36
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           (Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards)
                                       For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2023

    ​                                                                       ​ ​ Three Months Ended June 30, ​ ​ Six Months Ended June 30, ​
    ​                                                                       ​ ​    2023     ​ ​   2022      ​ ​    2023     ​ ​  2022     ​
    LaRonde mine                                                            ​ ​ ​ 18,114 ​​ ​ ​ 23,118 ​​ ​ ​ 33,001 ​​ ​ ​ 41,784 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                     ​ ​ ​ 2,315 ​​ ​ ​ 2,580 ​​ ​ ​ 3,422 ​​ ​ ​ 5,317 ​
    Canadian Malartic complex(i)                                            ​ ​ ​ 34,086 ​​ ​ ​ 16,346 ​​ ​ ​ 50,670 ​​ ​ ​ 27,080 ​
    Goldex mine                                                             ​ ​ ​ 3,638 ​​ ​ ​ 6,559 ​​ ​ ​ 8,460 ​​ ​ ​ 13,186 ​
    Meliadine mine                                                          ​ ​ ​ 15,704 ​​ ​ ​ 16,104 ​​ ​ ​ 30,790 ​​ ​ ​ 25,185 ​
    Meadowbank complex                                                      ​ ​ ​ 35,624 ​​ ​ ​ 13,367 ​​ ​ ​ 71,255 ​​ ​ ​ 24,171 ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                           ​​ ​     145 ​​ ​ ​ 3,604 ​​ ​ ​      147 ​​ ​ ​ 3,604 ​
    Kittila mine                                                            ​ ​ ​ 11,958 ​​ ​ ​ 11,468 ​​ ​ ​ 22,293 ​​ ​ ​ 22,818 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 60,678 ​​ ​ ​ 73,974 ​​ ​ ​113,962 ​​ ​ ​ 86,616 ​
    Macassa mine                                                            ​ ​ ​ 8,896 ​​ ​ ​ 8,867 ​​ ​ ​ 15,544 ​​ ​ ​ 13,524 ​
    Fosterville mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 7,298 ​​ ​ ​ 13,598 ​​ ​ ​ 15,267 ​​ ​ ​ 22,305 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 8,407 ​​ ​ ​ 7,124 ​​ ​ ​ 16,657 ​​ ​ ​ 12,031 ​
    La India mine                                                           ​​ ​      51 ​​ ​ ​ 1,315 ​​ ​ ​       77 ​​ ​ ​ 2,129 ​
    Sustaining capital expenditures                                         ​ ​ ​206,914 ​​ ​ ​198,024 ​​ ​ ​381,545 ​​ ​ ​299,750 ​
    LaRonde mine                                                            ​ ​ ​ 12,413 ​​ ​ ​ 14,723 ​​ ​ ​ 21,760 ​​ ​ ​ 27,186 ​
    LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                     ​ ​ ​ 5,400 ​​ ​ ​ 3,267 ​​ ​ ​ 11,347 ​​ ​ ​ 6,701 ​
    Canadian Malartic complex(i)                                            ​ ​ ​ 48,918 ​​ ​ ​ 29,335 ​​ ​ ​ 79,939 ​​ ​ ​ 52,087 ​
    Goldex mine                                                             ​ ​ ​ 8,838 ​​ ​ ​ 7,448 ​​ ​ ​ 18,127 ​​ ​ ​ 13,056 ​
    Akasaba mine                                                            ​ ​ ​ 8,706 ​​ ​ ​       — ​​ ​ ​ 19,075 ​​ ​ ​      —​
    Meliadine mine                                                          ​​  ​ 37,274  ​​ ​ ​ 21,900 ​​ ​ ​ 55,154 ​​ ​ ​ 35,505 ​
    Meadowbank complex                                                      ​​ ​      — ​​ ​ ​      291 ​​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​ ​ 1,110 ​
    Amaruq Underground Project                                              ​​ ​     (21) ​​ ​ ​ 18,321 ​​ ​ ​    310 ​​ ​ ​ 33,682 ​
    Hope Bay mine                                                           ​ ​ ​ 2,724 ​​ ​ ​ 1,968 ​​ ​ ​ 3,199 ​​ ​ ​ 1,968 ​
    Kittila mine                                                            ​ ​ ​ 10,546 ​​ ​ ​ 14,968 ​​ ​ ​ 21,242 ​​ ​ ​ 25,504 ​
    Detour Lake mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 33,590 ​​ ​ ​ 42,400 ​​ ​ ​ 64,665 ​​ ​ ​ 71,260 ​
    Macassa mine                                                            ​ ​ ​ 23,660 ​​ ​ ​ 26,385 ​​ ​ ​ 52,073 ​​ ​ ​ 43,441 ​
    Fosterville mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 13,300 ​​ ​ ​ 11,270 ​​ ​ ​ 22,404 ​​ ​ ​ 19,753 ​
    Pinos Altos mine                                                        ​ ​ ​ 1,693 ​​ ​ ​ 7,891 ​​ ​ ​ 4,486 ​​ ​ ​ 13,809 ​
    La India mine                                                           ​​ ​      — ​​ ​ ​ 2,479 ​​ ​ ​        — ​​ ​ ​ 4,320 ​
    Other                                                                   ​ ​ ​ 2,092 ​​ ​ ​      900 ​​ ​ ​ 2,455 ​​ ​ ​ 2,523 ​
    Development capital expenditures                                        ​ ​ ​209,133 ​​ ​ ​203,546 ​​ ​ ​376,236 ​​ ​ ​351,905 ​
    Total capital expenditures                                              ​ ​ ​416,047 ​​ ​ ​401,570 ​​ ​ ​757,781 ​​ ​ ​651,655 ​
    Working capital adjustments                                             ​ ​ ​ 7,574 ​​ ​ ​ 7,026 ​​ ​ ​ 50,774 ​​ ​ ​ 50,092 ​
    Additions to property, plant and mine development per the
      condensed interim consolidated statements of cash
      flow                                                    ​ ​ ​423,621 ​​ ​ ​408,596 ​​ ​ ​808,555 ​​ ​ ​701,747 ​
    ​




    Note:
    (i)     The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex up to and including
            March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.




                                                                      37
​




                                       AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                          SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                               (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                 Three Months Ended                    Six Months Ended
    ​                                                   ​ ​            June 30,              ​ ​            June 30,              ​
    ​                                                   ​ ​      2023     ​ ​      2022(i)   ​ ​      2023     ​ ​      2022(i)   ​
    Operating margin(ii):                               ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
     Revenues from mining operations                    ​ ​​$ 1,718,197​​ ​​$ 1,581,058​​ ​​$ 3,227,858​​ ​​$ 2,906,746​
     Production costs                                   ​ ​​ ​ 743,253​​ ​​ ​ 657,636​​ ​​ ​ 1,396,397​​ ​​ ​1,319,371​
        Total operating margin(ii)                      ​ ​​ ​ 974,944​​ ​​ ​ 923,422​​ ​​ ​ 1,831,461​​ ​​ ​1,587,375​
                        (ii)
    Operating margin by mine:                           ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​
     LaRonde mine                                       ​ ​​$    69,896​​ ​​$  90,877​​ ​​$ 132,409​​ ​​$ 194,441​
     LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                ​ ​​ ​   14,795​​ ​​ ​  7,866​​ ​​ ​ 22,093​​ ​​ ​ 24,522​
     Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                     ​ ​​ ​ 191,681​​ ​​ ​ 104,461​​ ​​ ​ 272,464​​ ​​ ​ 183,763​
     Goldex mine                                        ​ ​​ ​ 45,112​​ ​​ ​ 41,656​​ ​​ ​ 85,340​​ ​​ ​ 78,774​
     Meliadine mine                                     ​ ​​ ​ 78,362​​ ​​ ​ 96,740​​ ​​ ​ 166,702​​ ​​ ​ 181,019​
     Meadowbank complex                                 ​ ​​ ​ 78,368​​ ​​ ​ 68,044​​ ​​ ​ 158,177​​ ​​ ​ 62,846​
     Hope Bay project                                   ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​      144​
     Kittila mine                                       ​ ​​ ​ 59,532​​ ​​ ​ 67,611​​ ​​ ​ 122,256​​ ​​ ​ 113,722​
     Detour Lake mine                                   ​ ​​ ​ 204,272​​ ​​ ​ 214,841​​ ​​ ​ 396,845​​ ​​ ​ 342,899​
     Macassa mine                                       ​ ​​ ​ 74,334​​ ​​ ​ 74,778​​ ​​ ​ 154,234​​ ​​ ​ 98,933​
     Fosterville mine                                   ​ ​​ ​ 132,243​​ ​​ ​ 125,442​​ ​​ ​ 264,945​​ ​​ ​ 232,298​
     Pinos Altos mine                                   ​ ​​ ​ 15,680​​ ​​ ​ 11,487​​ ​​ ​ 34,206​​ ​​ ​ 30,918​
     Creston Mascota mine                               ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      642​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​    1,819​
     La India mine                                      ​ ​​ ​ 10,669​​ ​​ ​ 18,977​​ ​​ ​ 21,790​​ ​​ ​ 41,277​
    Total operating margin(ii)                          ​ ​​ ​ 974,944​​ ​​ ​ 923,422​​ ​​ ​ 1,831,461​​ ​​ ​1,587,375​
    Amortization of property, plant and mine
      development                                       ​ ​​ ​ 381,262​​ ​​ ​ 269,891​​ ​​ ​ 685,221​​ ​​ ​ 525,535​
    Revaluation gain(iv)                                ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​(1,543,414)​​ ​​ ​      —​
    Exploration, corporate and other                    ​ ​​ ​ 127,342​​ ​​ ​ 196,680​​ ​​ ​ 277,815​​ ​​ ​ 425,318​
    Income before income and mining taxes               ​ ​​ ​ 466,340​​ ​​ ​ 456,851​​ ​​ ​ 2,411,839​​ ​​ ​ 636,522​
    Income and mining taxes expense                     ​ ​​ ​ 139,519​​ ​​ ​ 166,462​​ ​​ ​ 268,127​​ ​​ ​ 227,057​
    Net income for the period                           ​ ​​$ 326,821​​ ​​$ 290,389​​ ​​$ 2,143,712​​ ​​$ 409,465​
    Net income per share — basic                        ​ ​​$       0.66​​ ​​$          0.64​​ ​​$       4.45​​ ​​$          0.97​
    Net income per share — diluted                      ​ ​​$       0.66​​ ​​$          0.63​​ ​​$       4.43​​ ​​$          0.97​
    Cash flows:                                         ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​
    Cash provided by operating activities               ​ ​​$ 722,000​​ ​​$ 633,266​​ ​​$ 1,371,613​​ ​​$ 1,140,698​
    Cash (used in) provided by investing activities     ​ ​​$ (450,202)​​ ​​$ (394,129)​​ ​​$ (1,848,947)​​ ​​$ 141,523​
    Cash (used in) provided by financing activities     ​ ​​$ (582,351​​
                                                                       ) ​​$ (294,307​​) ​​$ 254,082​​ ​​$ (462,165​)
    Realized prices:                                    ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​           ​
    Gold (per ounce)                                    ​ ​​$      1,975​​ ​​$        1,866​​ ​​$       1,935​​ ​​$        1,872​
    Silver (per ounce)                                  ​ ​​$      24.43​​ ​​$        22.21​​ ​​$       23.72​​ ​​$        23.20​
    Zinc (per tonne)                                    ​ ​​$      2,343​​ ​​$        3,947​​ ​​$       2,685​​ ​​$        3,769​
    Copper (per tonne)                                  ​ ​​$      7,898​​ ​​$        8,953​​ ​​$       8,590​​ ​​$        9,591​




                                                       38
​




                                     AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                        SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                             (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                  Three Months Ended            Six Months Ended
    ​                                                         ​ ​       June 30,     ​ ​             June 30,          ​
    ​                                                         ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​            2023     ​ ​   2022     ​
    Payable production(v):                                    ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​        ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​
    Gold (ounces):                                            ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​        ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​
     LaRonde mine                                             ​ ​​​ 58,635 ​​ ​​​ 70,736 ​​ ​​​ 118,168 ​​ ​​​ 158,285 ​
     LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                      ​ ​​​ 18,145​​ ​​​ 17,774​​ ​​​ 38,219​​ ​​​ 35,262​
     Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                           ​ ​​177,755​​ ​​ 87,186​​ ​​ 258,440​​ ​​ 167,695​
      Goldex mine                                             ​ ​​ 37,716​​ ​​ 36,877​​ ​​ 71,739​​ ​​ 71,322​
      Meliadine mine                                          ​ ​​ 87,682​​ ​​ 97,572​​ ​​ 178,149​​ ​​ 178,276​
      Meadowbank complex                                      ​ ​​ 94,775​​ ​​ 96,698​​ ​​ 205,885​​ ​​ 156,463​
      Kittila mine                                            ​ ​​ 50,130​​ ​​ 64,814​​ ​​ 113,822​​ ​​ 110,322​
      Detour Lake mine                                        ​ ​​169,352​​ ​​195,515​​ ​​ 331,209​​ ​​ 295,958​
      Macassa mine                                            ​ ​​ 57,044​​ ​​ 61,262​​ ​​ 121,159​​ ​​ 85,750​
      Fosterville mine                                        ​ ​​ 81,813​​ ​​ 86,065​​ ​​ 168,371​​ ​​ 167,892​
      Pinos Altos mine                                        ​ ​​ 22,159​​ ​​ 23,020​​ ​​ 46,293​​ ​​ 48,190​
      Creston Mascota mine                                    ​ ​​     165​​ ​​      635​​ ​​       409​​ ​​     1,641​
      La India mine                                           ​ ​​​ 17,833 ​​ ​​​ 20,016 ​​ ​​​  34,154 ​​ ​​​  41,718 ​
    Total gold (ounces)                                       ​ ​​​873,204​​ ​​​858,170​​ ​​​1,686,017​​ ​​​1,518,774​
    Silver (thousands of ounces):                             ​ ​​   619​​ ​​   588​​ ​​        1,164​​ ​​      1,197​
    Zinc (tonnes)                                             ​ ​​ 2,611​​ ​​ 2,568​​ ​​        4,898​​ ​​      3,637​
    Copper (tonnes)                                           ​ ​​​  746​​ ​​​  778​​ ​​​       1,276​​ ​​​     1,547​
    Payable metal sold(vi):                                   ​ ​​        ​ ​ ​​       ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​
    Gold (ounces):                                            ​ ​​        ​ ​ ​​       ​ ​ ​​         ​ ​ ​​         ​
     LaRonde mine                                             ​ ​​ 61,920​​ ​​ 61,296​​ ​​ 110,082​​ ​​ 132,263​
     LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                      ​ ​​ 18,923​​ ​​ 13,538​​ ​​ 34,384​​ ​​ 31,133​
     Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                           ​ ​​168,257​​ ​​ 85,160​​ ​​ 240,066​​ ​​ 157,428​
      Goldex mine                                             ​ ​​ 37,114​​ ​​ 36,681​​ ​​ 73,031​​ ​​ 70,565​
      Meliadine mine                                          ​ ​​ 79,153​​ ​​ 97,354​​ ​​ 168,739​​ ​​ 185,126​
      Meadowbank complex                                      ​ ​​ 98,980​​ ​​ 93,737​​ ​​ 209,005​​ ​​ 142,492​
      Hope Bay mine                                           ​ ​​      —​​ ​​       —​​ ​​         —​​ ​​         98​
      Kittila mine                                            ​ ​​ 51,800​​ ​​ 64,378​​ ​​ 112,520​​ ​​ 115,993​
      Detour Lake mine                                        ​ ​​160,281​​ ​​188,517​​ ​​ 323,575​​ ​​ 320,354​
      Macassa mine                                            ​ ​​ 57,102​​ ​​ 58,050​​ ​​ 120,030​​ ​​ 87,580​
      Fosterville mine                                        ​ ​​ 85,500​​ ​​ 93,177​​ ​​ 174,500​​ ​​ 195,127​
      Pinos Altos mine                                        ​ ​​ 22,355​​ ​​ 24,730​​ ​​ 46,591​​ ​​ 49,517​
      Creston Mascota mine                                    ​ ​​      —​​ ​​      599​​ ​​        —​​ ​​      1,454​
      La India mine                                           ​ ​​ 17,463​​ ​​ 19,306​​ ​​ 33,883​​ ​​ 40,315​
    Total gold (ounces)                                       ​ ​​​858,848​​ ​​​836,523​​ ​​​1,646,406​​ ​​​1,529,445​
    Silver (thousands of ounces):                             ​ ​​   597​​ ​​   559​​ ​​        1,149​​ ​​      1,171​
    Zinc (tonnes)                                             ​ ​​ 2,743​​ ​​ 1,679​​ ​​        4,874​​ ​​      2,713​
    Copper (tonnes)                                           ​ ​​   713​​ ​​   783​​ ​​        1,281​​ ​​      1,549​




                                                     39
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                             SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                  (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

                                                                                                  Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                                          ​ ​      June 30,     ​ ​      June 30,    ​
    ​                                                                                          ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced — co-product basis(vii):                       ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​    ​
      LaRonde mine                                                                             ​ ​ $1,046 ​​ ​ ​$ 829 ​​ ​​$1,091​​ ​​$ 744​
      LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                      ​ ​ ​1,213​​ ​ ​ ​ 983​​ ​​ ​1,189​​ ​​ ​ 981​
      Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                                                           ​ ​ ​ 783 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 767 ​​ ​​ ​ 791​​ ​​ ​ 789​
      Goldex mine                                                                              ​ ​ ​ 777 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 718 ​​ ​​ ​ 793​​ ​​ ​ 747​
      Meliadine mine                                                                           ​ ​ ​1,020​​ ​ ​ ​ 839​​ ​​ ​ 979​​ ​​ ​ 914​
      Meadowbank complex                                                                       ​ ​ ​1,164 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 999 ​​ ​​ ​1,152​​ ​​ ​1,311​
      Kittila mine                                                                             ​ ​ ​ 901 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 829 ​​ ​​ ​ 848​​ ​​ ​ 917​
      Detour Lake mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​ 734​​ ​ ​ ​ 645​​ ​​ ​ 754​​ ​​ ​ 634​
      Macassa mine                                                                             ​ ​ ​ 750 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 584 ​​ ​​ ​ 675​​ ​​ ​ 643​
      Fosterville mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​ 437 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 352 ​​ ​​ ​ 417​​ ​​ ​ 331​
      Pinos Altos mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​1,582​​ ​ ​ ​1,604​​ ​​ ​1,460​​ ​​ ​1,459​
      Creston Mascota mine                                                                     ​ ​ ​ — ​​ ​ ​ ​ 906 ​​ ​​ ​ —​​ ​​ ​ 683​
      La India mine                                                                            ​ ​ ​1,408 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 959 ​​ ​​ ​1,369​​ ​​ ​ 904​
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced                               ​ ​ $ 870 ​​ ​ ​$ 758 ​​ ​​$ 866​​ ​​$ 800​
    Total cash costs per ounce of gold produced — by-product basis(vii):                       ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​     ​ ​ ​​ ​    ​
      LaRonde mine                                                                             ​ ​ $ 787​​ ​ ​$ 566​​ ​​$ 840​​ ​​$ 517​
      LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                      ​ ​ ​1,198 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 982 ​​ ​​ ​1,175​​ ​​ ​ 978​
      Canadian Malartic complex(iii)                                                           ​ ​ ​ 772 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 753 ​​ ​​ ​ 779​​ ​​ ​ 772​
      Goldex mine                                                                              ​ ​ ​ 776​​ ​ ​ ​ 718​​ ​​ ​ 792​​ ​​ ​ 746​
      Meliadine mine                                                                           ​ ​ ​1,019 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 837 ​​ ​​ ​ 978​​ ​​ ​ 912​
      Meadowbank complex                                                                       ​ ​ ​1,156 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 993 ​​ ​​ ​1,144​​ ​​ ​1,305​
      Kittila mine                                                                             ​ ​ ​ 899​​ ​ ​ ​ 828​​ ​​ ​ 847​​ ​​ ​ 915​
      Detour Lake mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​ 731 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 640 ​​ ​​ ​ 750​​ ​​ ​ 626​
      Macassa mine                                                                             ​ ​ ​ 747 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 582 ​​ ​​ ​ 672​​ ​​ ​ 641​
      Fosterville mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​ 436​​ ​ ​ ​ 351​​ ​​ ​ 416​​ ​​ ​ 331​
      Pinos Altos mine                                                                         ​ ​ ​1,282 ​​ ​ ​ ​1,383 ​​ ​​ ​1,196​​ ​​ ​1,224​
      Creston Mascota mine                                                                     ​ ​ ​ — ​​ ​ ​ ​ 899 ​​ ​​ ​ —​​ ​​ ​ 598​
      La India mine                                                                            ​ ​ ​1,385 ​​ ​ ​ ​ 936 ​​ ​​ ​1,348​​ ​​ ​ 876​
    Weighted average total cash costs per ounce of gold produced                               ​ ​ $ 840 ​​ ​ ​$ 726 ​​ ​​$ 836​​ ​​$ 763​
    ​




    Notes:
    (i)    Certain previously reported line items have been restated to reflect the final purchase price allocation of the Merger.
    (ii)   Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data reported by other gold
           producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Operating Margin and Note to Investors Concerning Certain
           Measures of Performance for more information on the Company’s use of operating margin.
    (iii) The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex up to and including
          March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.
    (iv) Revaluation gain on the 50% interest the Company owned in Canadian Malartic complex prior to the Yamana Transaction.
    (v)    Payable production (a non-GAAP non-financial performance measure) is the quantity of mineral produced during a period
           contained in products that are or will be sold by the Company, whether such products are sold during the period or held as
           inventories at the end of the period.
    (vi) The Canadian Malartic complex’s payable metal sold excludes the 5.0% net smelter return royalty held by Osisko Gold
         Royalties Ltd. The Detour Lake mine’s payable metal sold excludes the 2% net smelter royalty held by Franco-Nevada
         Corporation. The Macassa mine’s payable metal sold excludes the 1.5% net smelter royalty held by Franco-Nevada Corporation.
    (vii) The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to
          data reported by other gold producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Total Cash Costs per Ounce of Gold
          Produced and Minesite Costs per Tonne and Note to Investors Concerning Certain Measures of Performance for more
          information on the Company’s calculation and use of total cash cost per ounce of gold produced.



                                                                        40
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                             SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                  (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

    ​                              ​​                                          Three Months Ended                                       ​
                                     September 30, December 31, March 31,      June 30, September 30, December 31, March 31,   June 30,
                                            (iii)                     (iii)         (iii)        (iii)
    ​                              ​​ 2021        ​​   2021    ​​ 2022      ​​ 2022       ​​ 2022      ​​ 2022    ​​ 2023    ​​ 2023 ​
    Operating margin(i):           ​​ ​ ​         ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​          ​​​ ​ ​           ​ ​​​ ​ ​           ​ ​​​​ ​            ​​​​ ​         ​
    Revenues from mining
      operations                   ​​ ​$ 983,818 ​​​ ​$ 951,531 ​​​​$ 1,325,688​​​​$ 1,581,058​​​ ​$ 1,449,697 ​​​ ​$ 1,384,719 ​​​​$ 1,509,661​​​​$ 1,718,197​
    Production costs               ​​ ​ ​ 455,627 ​​​ ​ ​ 467,068 ​​​​ ​ 661,735​​​​ ​ 657,636​​​ ​ ​ 657,073 ​​​ ​ ​ 666,877 ​​​​ ​ 653,144​​​​ ​ 743,253​
    Total operating margin(i)      ​​ ​ ​ 528,191 ​​​ ​ ​ 484,463 ​​​​ ​ 663,953​​​​ ​ 923,422​​​ ​ ​ 792,624 ​​​ ​ ​ 717,842 ​​​​ ​ 856,517​​​​ ​ 974,944​
                       (i)
    Operating margin by mine:      ​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​ ​ ​      ​ ​​​​ ​       ​​​​ ​                ​​​ ​ ​          ​ ​​​ ​ ​           ​ ​​​​ ​            ​​​​ ​           ​
        LaRonde mine               ​​ ​ ​ 125,770 ​​​ ​ ​ 87,070 ​​​​ ​ 103,564​​​​ ​          90,877​​​ ​ ​    77,180 ​​​ ​ ​      68,917 ​​​​ ​       62,513​​​​ ​     69,896​
        LaRonde Zone 5 mine        ​​ ​ ​ 19,449 ​​​ ​ ​ 17,557 ​​​​ ​        16,656​​​​ ​      7,866​​​ ​ ​    20,137 ​​​ ​ ​      12,814 ​​​​ ​        7,298​​​​ ​     14,795​
        Canadian Malartic
          complex﻿(ii)             ​​ ​ ​ 93,439 ​​​ ​ ​ 96,252 ​​​​ ​        79,302​​​​ ​ 104,461​​​ ​ ​       72,905 ​​​ ​ ​      83,535 ​​​​ ​       80,783​​​​ ​ 191,681​
        Goldex mine                ​​ ​ ​ 29,421 ​​​ ​ ​ 39,182 ​​​​ ​        37,118​​​​ ​     41,656​​​ ​ ​    32,375 ​​​ ​ ​      35,533 ​​​​ ​       40,228​​​​ ​     45,112​
        Meliadine mine             ​​ ​ ​ 90,884 ​​​ ​ ​ 115,912 ​​​​ ​       84,279​​​​ ​     96,740​​​ ​ ​    83,469 ​​​ ​ ​      95,084 ​​​​ ​       88,340​​​​ ​     78,362​
        Meadowbank complex         ​​ ​ ​ 52,087 ​​​ ​ ​ 25,872 ​​​​ ​        (5,198)​​​​ ​    68,044​​​ ​ ​    97,092 ​​​ ​ ​      42,402 ​​​​ ​       79,809​​​​ ​     78,368​
        Hope Bay mine              ​​ ​ ​ 11,633 ​​​ ​ ​ (4,938) ​​​​ ​          144​​​​ ​         —​​​ ​ ​         — ​​​ ​ ​           — ​​​​ ​            —​​​​ ​          —​
        Kittila mine               ​​ ​ ​ 57,362 ​​​ ​ ​ 54,411 ​​​​ ​        46,111​​​​ ​     67,611​​​ ​ ​    58,762 ​​​ ​ ​      24,524 ​​​​ ​       62,724​​​​ ​     59,532​
        Detour Lake mine           ​​ ​ ​     — ​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​​ ​ 128,058​​​​ ​ 214,841​​​ ​ ​ 170,834 ​​​ ​ ​ 185,305 ​​​​ ​ 192,573​​​​ ​ 204,272​
        Macassa mine               ​​ ​ ​     — ​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​​ ​ 24,155​​​​ ​ 74,778​​​ ​ ​ 54,294 ​​​ ​ ​ 44,027 ​​​​ ​ 79,900​​​​ ​ 74,334​
        Fosterville mine           ​​ ​ ​     — ​​​ ​ ​      — ​​​​ ​ 106,856​​​​ ​ 125,442​​​ ​ ​ 103,457 ​​​ ​ ​ 104,967 ​​​​ ​ 132,702​​​​ ​ 132,243​
        Pinos Altos mine           ​​ ​ ​ 31,971 ​​​ ​ ​ 27,656 ​​​​ ​ 19,431​​​​ ​ 11,487​​​ ​ ​ 11,030 ​​​ ​ ​ 13,393 ​​​​ ​ 18,526​​​​ ​ 15,680​
        Creston Mascota mine       ​​ ​ ​ 4,186 ​​​ ​ ​ 2,628 ​​​​ ​    1,177​​​​ ​     642​​​ ​ ​     487 ​​​ ​ ​     227 ​​​​ ​      —​​​​ ​       —​
        La India mine              ​​ ​ ​ 11,989 ​​​ ​ ​ 22,861 ​​​​ ​ 22,300​​​​ ​ 18,977​​​ ​ ​ 10,602 ​​​ ​ ​     7,114 ​​​​ ​ 11,121​​​​ ​ 10,669​
    Total operating margin(i)      ​​ ​ ​ 528,191 ​​​ ​ ​ 484,463 ​​​​ ​ 663,953​​​​ ​ 923,422​​​ ​ ​ 792,624 ​​​ ​ ​ 717,842 ​​​​ ​ 856,517​​​​ ​ 974,944​
    Impairment loss                ​​ ​ ​      — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​       —​​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​ ​ ​ 55,000 ​​​​ ​        —​​​​ ​       —​
    Amortization of property,
      plant and mine
      development                  ​​ ​ ​ 191,771 ​​​ ​ ​ 191,619 ​​​​ ​ 255,644​​​​ ​ 269,891​​​ ​ ​ 283,486 ​​​ ​ ​ 285,670 ​​​​ ​ 303,959​​​​ ​ 381,262​
    Revaluation gain               ​​ ​ ​      — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​       —​​​​ ​       —​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​ ​ ​       — ​​​​ ​(1,543,414)​​​​ ​    —​
    Exploration, corporate and
      other                        ​​ ​ ​ 129,148 ​​​ ​ ​ 103,623 ​​​​ ​ 228,638​​​​ ​ 196,680​​​ ​ ​ 293,149 ​​​ ​ ​ 114,260 ​​​​ ​ 150,473​​​​ ​ 127,342​
    Income before income
      and mining taxes             ​​ ​ ​ 207,272 ​​​ ​ ​ 189,221 ​​​​ ​ 179,671​​​​ ​ 456,851​​​ ​ ​ 215,989 ​​​ ​ ​ 262,912 ​​​​ ​ 1,945,499​​​​ ​ 466,340​
    Income and mining taxes
      expense                      ​​ ​ ​ 88,315 ​​​ ​ ​ 87,863 ​​​​ ​        60,595​​​​ ​ 166,462​​​ ​ ​ 149,311 ​​​ ​ ​           68,806 ​​​​ ​ 128,608​​​​ ​ 139,519​
    Net income for the period    ​​ ​$ 118,957 ​​​ ​$ 101,358 ​​​​$ 119,076​​​​$ 290,389​​​ ​$                  66,678 ​​​ ​$ 194,106 ​​​​$ 1,816,891​​​​$ 326,821​
    Net income per share — basic ​​ ​$    0.49 ​​​ ​$    0.41 ​​​​$    0.31​​​​$    0.64​​​ ​$                    0.15 ​​​ ​$    0.43 ​​​​$      3.87​​​​$    0.66​
    Net income per share —
      diluted                    ​​ ​$    0.49 ​​​ ​$    0.41 ​​​​$    0.31​​​​$    0.63​​​ ​$                     0.15 ​​​ ​$         0.43 ​​​​$          3.86​​​​$       0.66​

    Cash flows:                    ​​ ​ ​         ​ ​​​ ​ ​        ​ ​​​​ ​           ​​​​ ​          ​​​ ​ ​           ​ ​​​ ​ ​           ​ ​​​​ ​            ​​​​ ​         ​
    Cash provided by operating
      activities                   ​​ ​$ 297,176 ​​​ ​$ 262,114 ​​​​$ 507,432​​​​$ 633,266​​​ ​$ 575,438 ​​​ ​$ 380,500 ​​​​$                          649,613​​​​$ 722,000​
    Cash (used in) provided by
      investing activities         ​​ ​$ (268,213) ​​​ ​$ (247,599) ​​​​$ 535,652​​​​$ (394,129​​​
                                                                                               ) ​$ (439,296) ​​​ ​$ (412,685) ​​​​$ (1,398,745​​​​
                                                                                                                                               ) $ (450,202​)
    Cash (used in) provided by
      financing activities         ​​ ​$ (62,404) ​​​ ​$ (70,543) ​​​​$ (167,858)​​​​$ (294,307)​​​ ​$ (317,985) ​​​ ​$ (134,703) ​​​​$                836,433​​​​$ (582,351​)




                                                                                 41
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                            SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                 (thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)

    ​




    Notes:
    (i)    Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data reported by other gold
           producers. See Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures — Operating Margin and Note to Investors Concerning Certain
           Measures of Performance for more information on the Company’s use of operating margin.
    (ii)   The information set out in this table reflects the Company’s 50% interest in the Canadian Malartic complex up to and including
           March 30, 2023 and 100% interest thereafter.
    (iii) Certain previously reported line items for quarters ended in 2021 have been restated to reflect the final purchase price allocation
          of the February 2, 2021 acquisition of TMAC and to reflect the retrospective application of amendments to IAS 16. Certain
          previously reported line items for quarters ended in 2022 have been restated to reflect the final purchase price allocation of the
          Merger.




                                                                      42
​




                                     AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                         CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                            (thousands of United States dollars, except share amounts)
                                                  (Unaudited)
                                                                                  As at               As at
    ​                                                                      ​ ​ June 30, 2023 ​ ​ December 31, 2022 ​
    ASSETS                                                                 ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​   ​​            ​ ​
    Current assets:                                                        ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​   ​​            ​ ​
      Cash and cash equivalents                                            ​ ​​$    432,526 ​​ ​   ​$    658,625   ​
      Trade receivables (Note 6)                                           ​ ​​ ​    10,141​​ ​    ​​      8,579 ​
      Inventories (Note 7)                                                 ​ ​​ ​ 1,253,112​​ ​    ​ ​ 1,209,075 ​
      Income taxes recoverable                                             ​ ​​ ​    25,696​​ ​    ​​     35,054 ​
      Fair value of derivative financial instruments (Notes 6 and 16)      ​ ​​ ​    14,792​​ ​    ​​      8,774 ​
      Other current assets (Note 8A)                                       ​ ​​ ​ 372,984​​ ​      ​ ​ 259,952 ​
    Total current assets                                                   ​ ​​ ​ 2,109,251​​ ​    ​ ​ 2,180,059 ​
    Non-current assets:                                                    ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​   ​​            ​ ​
      Goodwill                                                             ​ ​​ ​ 4,574,777​​ ​    ​ ​ 2,044,123 ​
      Property, plant and mine development (Note 9)                        ​ ​​ ​21,223,554​​ ​    ​ ​18,459,400 ​
      Investments (Notes 6, 10 and 16)                                     ​ ​​ ​ 340,974​​ ​      ​ ​ 332,742 ​
      Deferred income and mining tax asset                                 ​ ​​ ​    12,603​​ ​    ​​     11,574 ​
      Other assets (Notes 5 and 8B)                                        ​ ​​ ​ 1,050,493​​ ​    ​ ​ 466,910 ​
    Total assets                                                           ​ ​​$29,311,652​​ ​     ​$23,494,808 ​
    LIABILITIES                                                            ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​    ​​           ​ ​
    Current liabilities:                                                   ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​    ​​           ​ ​
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                             ​ ​​$ 806,687​​ ​       ​$ 672,503 ​
      Share based liabilities                                              ​ ​​ ​    11,310​​ ​    ​​     15,148 ​
      Interest payable                                                     ​ ​​ ​     8,151​​ ​    ​​     16,496 ​
      Income taxes payable                                                 ​ ​​ ​    70,870​​ ​    ​​      4,187 ​
      Current portion of long-term debt (Note 11)                          ​ ​​ ​        —​​ ​     ​ ​ 100,000 ​
      Reclamation provision                                                ​ ​​ ​    42,818​​ ​    ​​     23,508 ​
      Lease obligations                                                    ​ ​​ ​    47,964​​ ​    ​​     36,466 ​
      Fair value of derivative financial instruments (Notes 6 and 16)      ​ ​​ ​    18,156​​ ​    ​​     78,114 ​
    Total current liabilities                                              ​ ​​ ​ 1,005,956​​ ​    ​ ​ 946,422 ​
    Non-current liabilities:                                               ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​    ​​           ​ ​
      Long-term debt (Note 11)                                             ​ ​​ ​ 1,942,019​​ ​    ​ ​ 1,242,070 ​
      Reclamation provision                                                ​ ​​ ​ 986,813​​ ​      ​ ​ 878,328 ​
      Lease obligations                                                    ​ ​​ ​ 125,460​​ ​      ​ ​ 114,876 ​
      Share based liabilities                                              ​ ​​ ​    10,377​​ ​    ​​     17,277 ​
      Deferred income and mining tax liabilities                           ​ ​​ ​ 4,928,181​​ ​    ​ ​ 3,981,875 ​
      Other liabilities (Note 5)                                           ​ ​​ ​ 359,643​​ ​      ​​     72,615 ​
    Total liabilities                                                      ​ ​​ ​ 9,358,449​​ ​    ​ ​ 7,253,463 ​
    EQUITY                                                                 ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​ ​ ​             ​ ​
      Common shares (Note 12):                                             ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​ ​ ​             ​ ​
         Outstanding — 495,442,295 common shares issued, less 578,087
            shares held in trust                                           ​ ​​ ​18,224,982​​ ​    ​ ​16,251,221 ​
      Stock options (Notes 12 and 13)                                      ​ ​​ ​ 200,300​​ ​      ​ ​ 197,430 ​
      Contributed surplus                                                  ​ ​​ ​    22,074​​ ​    ​​     23,280 ​
      Retained earnings (deficit)                                          ​ ​​ ​ 1,558,021​​ ​    ​ ​ (201,580) ​
      Other reserves (Note 14)                                             ​ ​​ ​ (52,174)​​ ​     ​ ​ (29,006) ​
    Total equity                                                           ​ ​​ ​19,953,203​​ ​    ​ ​16,241,345 ​
    Total liabilities and equity                                           ​ ​​$29,311,652​​ ​     ​$23,494,808 ​
    Commitments and contingencies (Note 19)                                ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​ ​ ​             ​ ​
                                          See accompanying notes


                                                         43
​




                                                      AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                                       CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                                           (thousands of United States dollars, except per share amounts)
                                                                    (Unaudited)

                                                                                                Three Months Ended                   Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                                  ​ ​            June 30,             ​ ​            June 30,             ​
    ​                                                                                  ​ ​      2023     ​ ​     2022      ​ ​      2023     ​ ​     2022      ​
                                                                                                                Restated                            Restated
    ​                                                                                  ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​    (Note 5)   ​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​    (Note 5)   ​
    REVENUES                                                                           ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
    Revenues from mining operations (Note 15)                                          ​ ​​$ 1,718,197​​ ​​$ 1,581,058​​ ​​$ 3,227,858​​ ​​$ 2,906,746​
    COSTS, INCOME AND EXPENSES                                                         ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
    Production(i)                                                                      ​ ​​ ​ 743,253​​ ​​ ​ 657,636​​ ​​ ​ 1,396,397​​ ​​ ​1,319,371​
    Exploration and corporate development                                              ​ ​​ ​ 54,422​​ ​​ ​ 70,352​​ ​​ ​ 108,190​​ ​​ ​ 136,194​
    Amortization of property, plant and mine development                               ​ ​​ ​ 381,262​​ ​​ ​ 269,891​​ ​​ ​ 685,221​​ ​​ ​ 525,535​
    General and administrative                                                         ​ ​​ ​ 47,312​​ ​​ ​ 49,275​​ ​​ ​ 95,520​​ ​​ ​ 116,817​
    Finance costs                                                                      ​ ​​ ​ 35,837​​ ​​ ​ 20,961​​ ​​ ​ 59,285​​ ​​ ​ 43,614​
    (Gain) loss on derivative financial instruments (Note 16)                          ​ ​​ ​ (26,433)​​ ​​ ​ 40,753​​ ​​ ​ (32,972)​​ ​​ ​ 12,089​
    Foreign currency translation loss (gain)                                           ​ ​​ ​   4,014​​ ​​ ​ (13,492​​
                                                                                                                    ) ​​ ​      4,234​​ ​​ ​ (12,282​)
    Care and maintenance                                                               ​ ​​ ​   9,411​​ ​​ ​   9,257​​ ​​ ​ 20,656​​ ​​ ​ 19,713​
    Revaluation gain (Note 5)                                                          ​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​(1,543,414)​​ ​​ ​       —​
    Other expenses (Note 17)                                                           ​ ​​ ​   2,779​​ ​​ ​ 19,574​​ ​​ ​ 22,902​​ ​​ ​ 109,173​
    Income before income and mining taxes                                              ​ ​​ ​ 466,340​​ ​​ ​ 456,851​​ ​​ ​ 2,411,839​​ ​​ ​ 636,522​
    Income and mining taxes expense                                                    ​ ​​$ 139,519​​ ​​$ 166,462​​ ​​ ​ 268,127​​ ​​ ​ 227,057​
    Net income for the period                                                          ​ ​​$ 326,821​​ ​​$ 290,389​​ ​​$ 2,143,712​​ ​​$ 409,465​
    Net income per share — basic (Note 12)                                             ​ ​​$       0.66​​ ​​$        0.64​​ ​​$        4.45​​ ​​$        0.97​
    Net income per share — diluted (Note 12)                                           ​ ​​$       0.66​​ ​​$        0.63​​ ​​$        4.43​​ ​​$        0.97​
    Cash dividends declared per common share                                           ​ ​​$       0.40​​ ​​$        0.40​​ ​​$        0.80​​ ​​$        0.80​
    ​




    Note:
    (i)     Exclusive of amortization, which is shown separately.

                                                                    See accompanying notes




                                                                             44
​




                              AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
          CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                               (thousands of United States dollars)
                                          (Unaudited)

                                                                          Three Months Ended                   Six Months Ended
    ​                                                            ​ ​            June 30,            ​ ​             June 30,           ​
    ​                                                            ​ ​      2023    ​ ​       2022    ​ ​       2023    ​ ​       2022​
                                                                                       Restated                            Restated
    ​                                                            ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​ (Note 5)     ​ ​​ ​           ​ ​ ​ (Note 5) ​
    Net income for the period                                 ​ ​​$326,821​​ ​​$ 290,389​​ ​​$2,143,712​​ ​​$ 409,465​
    Other comprehensive income:                               ​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​
    Items that may be subsequently reclassified to net
       income:                                                ​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​
       Derivative financial instruments:                      ​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​ ​ ​​ ​       ​ ​ ​​ ​      ​
         Reclassified from the cash flow hedge reserve to net
           income                                             ​ ​​ ​   294​​ ​​ ​    294​​ ​​ ​     588​​ ​​ ​    588​
    ​                                                            ​ ​​ ​      294​​ ​​ ​        294​​ ​​ ​        588​​ ​​ ​        588​
    Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to net
       income:                                                   ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​
       Pension benefit obligations:                              ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​ ​ ​​ ​          ​
         Remeasurement (loss) gain on pension benefit
           obligations                                           ​ ​​ ​ (220)​​ ​​ ​       449​​ ​​ ​     (435)​​ ​​ ​     912​
         Income tax impact                                       ​ ​​ ​     57​​ ​​ ​     (116)​​ ​​ ​     112​​ ​​ ​     (235​)
       Equity securities:                                        ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​ ​ ​​ ​        ​
         Net change in fair value of equity securities           ​ ​​ ​(26,692)​​ ​​ ​(136,122)​​ ​​ ​ (26,653)​​ ​​ ​(104,508​)
         Income tax impact                                       ​ ​​ ​    783​​ ​​ ​ 14,769​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ 9,903​
    ​                                                            ​ ​​ ​(26,072)​​ ​​ ​(121,020)​​ ​​ ​ (26,976)​​ ​​ ​ (93,928​)
    Other comprehensive loss for the period                      ​ ​​ ​(25,778)​​ ​​ ​(120,726)​​ ​​ ​ (26,388)​​ ​​ ​ (93,340​)
    Comprehensive income for the period                          ​ ​​$301,043​​ ​​$ 169,663​​ ​​$2,117,324​​ ​​$ 316,125​

                                               See accompanying notes




                                                           45
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                           CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY
                            (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts)
                                                          (Unaudited)

                                                                Common Shares                                           Retained
    ​                                                  ​​        Outstanding                ​Stock Contributed Earnings                 Other          Total
    ​                                                  ​ ​ Shares ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Options ​ ​ Surplus ​ ​ (deficit) ​ ​Reserves ​ ​ Equity ​
    Balance at December 31, 2021                       ​ ​​​245,001,857​​ ​​$ 5,863,512​​ ​​$191,112​​ ​ $ 37,254 ​​ ​​$ (146,383)​​ ​​$ 54,276​​ ​​$ 5,999,771​
    Net income (Restated) (Note 5)                     ​ ​​            —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​   ​     — ​​ ​​ ​ 409,465​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​      409,465​
    Other comprehensive income (loss)                  ​ ​​            —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​   ​     — ​​ ​​ ​          677​​ ​​ ​(94,017)​​ ​​ ​    (93,340​)
    Total comprehensive income (loss) (Restated)
      (Note 5)                                   ​ ​​        —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​           ​     — ​​ ​​ ​ 410,142​​ ​​ ​(94,017)​​ ​​ ​         316,125​
    Transactions with owners:                   ​ ​​           ​​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​         ​         ​ ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​           ​
      Shares issued under employee stock option
        plan (Notes 12 and 13A)                 ​ ​​    529,195​​ ​​ ​    29,143​​ ​​ ​ (5,198)​​ ​         ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      23,945​
      Shares issued on acquisition of Kirkland
        Lake Gold (“Kirkland”), net of share
        issuance costs (Note 5)                 ​ ​​209,274,263​​ ​​ ​10,268,160​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​           ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​10,268,160​
      Stock options (Notes 12 and 13A)          ​ ​​         —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ 9,299​​ ​            ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​       9,299​
      Shares issued under incentive share
        purchase plan (Note 13B)                ​ ​​​   286,967​​ ​​ ​    15,542​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​           ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      15,542​
      Shares issued under dividend reinvestment
        plan                                    ​ ​​ 1,149,810​​ ​​ ​     58,442​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​           ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      58,442​
        Share repurchases (Note 12)                ​ ​​​       (200,000)​​ ​​ ​    (7,122)​​ ​​ ​   —​​ ​   ​(15,136) ​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​​ ​           —​​ ​​ ​ (22,258)​
        Dividends declared ($0.80 per share)       ​ ​​              —​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​   ​     — ​​ ​​ ​ (362,981)​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ (362,981​)
        Restricted Share Unit plan, Performance
          Share Unit plan, and Long Term Incentive
          Plan (Notes 12 and 13C, D)               ​ ​​       (266,103)​​ ​​ ​ (11,165)​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​ ​       — ​​ ​​ ​       —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​ (11,165​)
    Restated Balance at June 30, 2022                     ​
                                                          4
                                                       ​ ​​ 55,775,989     $16,216,512
                                                                       ​​ ​​                $195,213
                                                                                        ​​ ​​         ​​ ​ $ 22,118     $
                                                                                                                    ​​ ​​   (99,222 )   $(39,741
                                                                                                                                    ​​ ​​         )​​ ​​$16,294,880​
    Balance at December 31, 2022                          ​
                                                          4
                                                       ​ ​​ 56,465,296     $
                                                                       ​​ ​​ 16,251,221     $
                                                                                        ​​ ​​ 197,430 ​​ ​ $ 23,280     $
                                                                                                                    ​​ ​​  (201,580 )   $
                                                                                                                                    ​​ ​​ (29,006  )​​ ​​$16,241,345​
    Net income                                         ​ ​​​           —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​   ​     — ​​ ​​ ​2,143,712​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​ 2,143,712​
    Other comprehensive loss                           ​ ​​​           —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​   ​     — ​​ ​​ ​     (323)​​ ​​ ​(26,065)​​ ​​ ​ (26,388)​
    Total comprehensive income (loss)                  ​ ​​​           —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​   ​     — ​​ ​​ ​2,143,389​​ ​​ ​(26,065)​​ ​​ ​ 2,117,324​
    Transfer of loss on disposal of equity
      securities to deficit                     ​ ​​         —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​           ​     — ​​ ​​ ​       (2,897)​​ ​​ ​ 2,897​​ ​​ ​          —​
    Transactions with owners:                   ​ ​​            ​​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​         ​         ​ ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​           ​
      Shares issued under employee stock option
        plan (Notes 12 and 13A)                 ​ ​​    519,426​​ ​​ ​    27,418​​ ​​ ​ (4,366)​​ ​         ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      23,052​
      Shares issued pursuant to Yamana
        Transaction (Note 5)                    ​ ​​ 36,177,931​​ ​​ ​ 1,858,219​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​           ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​ 1,858,219​
      Stock options (Notes 12 and 13A)          ​ ​​         —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ 7,236​​ ​            ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​     7,236​
      Shares issued under incentive share
        purchase plan (Note 13B)                ​ ​​​   415,343​​ ​​ ​    20,824​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​           ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      20,824​
      Shares issued under dividend reinvestment
        plan                                    ​ ​​​ 1,269,491​​ ​​ ​    59,503​​ ​​ ​     —​​ ​           ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      59,503​
      Share repurchases (Note 12)               ​ ​​​  (100,000 )
                                                                ​​ ​​ ​   (3,569 )
                                                                                 ​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​           ​ (1,206) ​​ ​​ ​          —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​   (4,775)​
        Dividends declared ($0.80 per share)       ​ ​​                —​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​   ​     — ​​ ​​ ​ (380,891)​​ ​​ ​         —​​ ​​ ​ (380,891​)
        Restricted Share Unit plan, Performance
          Share Unit plan, and Long Term Incentive
          Plan (Notes 12 and 13C, D)               ​ ​​         116,721​​ ​​ ​     11,366​​ ​​ ​    —​​ ​   ​     — ​​ ​​ ​            —​​ ​​ ​      —​​ ​​ ​      11,366​
    Balance at June 30, 2023                           ​ ​​​494,864,208​​ ​​$18,224,982​​ ​​$200,300​​ ​ $ 22,074 ​​ ​​$1,558,021​​ ​​$(52,174)​​ ​​$19,953,203​


                                                               See accompanying notes




                                                                                  46
​




                                    AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                      CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                     (thousands of United States dollars)
                                                (Unaudited)
                                                                                        Three Months Ended            Six Months Ended
    ​                                                                              ​​         June 30,     ​​              June 30,           ​
    ​                                                                              ​​    2023    ​​     2022 ​​ 2023           ​​ 2022 ​
                                                                                                      Restated                     Restated
    ​                                                                              ​​​ ​         ​​​ (Note 5) ​​​ ​            ​​ (Note 5) ​
    OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                           ​​              ​              ​             ​
    Net income for the period                                                      ​​​$ 326,821​​​​$ 290,389​​​​$ 2,143,712 ​​​$ 409,465​
    Add (deduct) adjusting items:                                                  ​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​         ​​​ ​          ​
      Amortization of property, plant and mine development                         ​​​ ​ 381,262​​​​ ​ 269,891​​​​ ​ 685,221 ​​​ ​ 525,535​
      Revaluation gain (Note 5)                                                    ​​​ ​      —​​​​ ​        —​​​​ ​(1,543,414)​​​ ​       —​
      Deferred income and mining taxes                                             ​​​ ​ 7,469​​​​ ​ 87,488​​​​ ​ 43,572 ​​​ ​ 82,611​
      Unrealized (gain) loss on currency and commodity derivatives (Note 16)       ​​​ ​ (50,088)​​​​ ​ 33,569​​​​ ​ (65,976)​​​ ​      9,514​
      Unrealized loss on warrants (Note 16)                                        ​​​ ​ 6,959​​​​ ​ 21,095​​​​ ​        2,296 ​​​ ​ 20,182​
      Stock-based compensation (Note 13)                                           ​​​ ​ 13,380​​​​ ​     6,959​​​​ ​ 26,527 ​​​ ​ 29,207​
      Foreign currency translation loss (gain)                                     ​​​ ​ 4,014​​​​ ​ (13,492)​​​​ ​      4,234 ​​​ ​ (12,282​)
      Other                                                                        ​​​ ​ 3,207​​​​ ​ 10,056​​​​ ​        5,651 ​​​ ​    7,735​
    Changes in non-cash working capital balances:                                  ​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​         ​​​ ​          ​
      Trade receivables                                                            ​​​ ​ (2,930)​​​​ ​     (233)​​​​ ​   5,465 ​​​ ​ 38,835​
      Income taxes                                                                 ​​​ ​ 65,428​​​​ ​ (3,461)​​​​ ​ 89,405 ​​​ ​ (43,331​)
      Inventories                                                                  ​​​ ​ (28,815​​​​
                                                                                                 ) ​ (10,110​​​​) ​ (26,747)​​​ ​ 168,042​
      Other current assets                                                         ​​​ ​ (99,880)​​​​ ​ (78,258)​​​​ ​ (88,885)​​​ ​ (117,865​)
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                     ​​​ ​ 108,128​​​​ ​ 32,689​​​​ ​ 100,859 ​​​ ​ 25,045​
      Interest payable                                                             ​​​ ​ (12,955)​​​​ ​ (13,316)​​​​ ​ (10,307)​​​ ​ (1,995​)
    Cash provided by operating activities                                          ​​​ ​ 722,000​​​​ ​ 633,266​​​​ ​ 1,371,613 ​​​ ​1,140,698​
    INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                           ​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​          ​​​​ ​           ​​​ ​         ​
    Additions to property, plant and mine development (Note 9)                     ​​​ ​(423,621)​​​​ ​ (408,596)​​​​ ​ (808,555)​​​ ​ (701,747​)
    Yamana Transaction, net of cash and cash equivalents (Note 5)                  ​​​ ​      —​​​​ ​         —​​​​ ​(1,000,617)​​​ ​        —​
    Cash and cash equivalents acquired in Kirkland acquisition (Note 5)            ​​​ ​      —​​​​ ​         —​​​​ ​          — ​​​ ​ 838,732​
    Purchases of equity securities and other investments                           ​​​ ​ (29,427)​​​​ ​ (18,411)​​​​ ​ (44,164)​​​ ​ (31,854​)
    Proceeds from loan repayment                                                   ​​​ ​      —​​​​ ​ 40,000​​​​ ​             — ​​​ ​ 40,000​
    Other investing activities                                                     ​​​ ​ 2,846​​​​ ​ (7,122)​​​​ ​          4,389 ​​​ ​ (3,608)​
    Cash (used in) provided by investing activities                                ​​​ ​(450,202)​​​​ ​ (394,129)​​​​ ​(1,848,947)​​​ ​ 141,523​
    FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                           ​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​          ​​​​ ​           ​​​ ​         ​
    Proceeds from Credit Facility (Note 11)                                        ​​​ ​      —​​​​ ​         —​​​​ ​ 1,000,000 ​​​ ​ 100,000​
    Repayment of Credit Facility (Note 11)                                         ​​​ ​(900,000)​​​​ ​       —​​​​ ​ (900,000)​​​ ​ (100,000​)
    Proceeds from Term Loan Facility, net of financing costs (Note 11)             ​​​ ​ 598,958​​​​ ​        —​​​​ ​ 598,958 ​​​ ​          —​
    Repayment of Senior Notes (Note 11)                                            ​​​ ​(100,000)​​​​ ​ (125,000)​​​​ ​ (100,000)​​​ ​ (125,000​)
    Repayment of lease obligations                                                 ​​​ ​ (12,420)​​​​ ​ (8,476)​​​​ ​ (22,168)​​​ ​ (16,786​)
    Disbursements to associates (Note 5)                                           ​​​ ​ (21,899)​​​​ ​       —​​​​ ​ (21,899)​​​ ​          —​
    Dividends paid                                                                 ​​​ ​(165,258)​​​​ ​ (149,801)​​​​ ​ (321,421)​​​ ​ (304,583​)
    Repurchase of common shares (Notes 12 and 13)                                  ​​​ ​ (1,786)​​​​ ​ (22,258)​​​​ ​ (16,350)​​​ ​ (50,147)​
    Proceeds on exercise of stock options (Note 13A)                               ​​​ ​ 12,750​​​​ ​      6,104​​​​ ​ 23,052 ​​​ ​ 23,945​
    Common shares issued                                                           ​​​ ​ 7,304​​​​ ​       5,124​​​​ ​ 13,910 ​​​ ​ 10,406​
    Cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                ​​​ ​(582,351 )
                                                                                                 ​​​​ ​ (294,307 )​​​​ ​ 254,082 ​​​ ​ (462,165)​
    Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                   ​​​ ​ (1,566)​​​​ ​        30​​​​ ​     (2,847)​​​ ​   1,013​
    Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents during the period         ​​​ ​(312,119)​​​​ ​ (55,140)​​​​ ​ (226,099)​​​ ​ 821,069​
    Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                 ​​​ ​ 744,645​​​​ ​1,061,995​​​​ ​ 658,625 ​​​ ​ 185,786​
    Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                       ​​​$ 432,526​​​​$1,006,855​​​​$ 432,526 ​​​$1,006,855​
    SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION                                             ​​​ ​      ​​​​ ​         ​​​​ ​            ​​​ ​         ​
    Interest paid                                                                  ​​​$ 43,437​​​​$    33,219​​​​$      56,488 ​​​$    41,422​
    Income and mining taxes paid                                                   ​​​$ 74,828​​​​$    84,678​​​​$    139,765 ​​​$ 188,078​


                                                          See accompanying notes




                                                                        47
​




                                             AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
                   NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                           (Unaudited)
                                                          June 30, 2023

    1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

         Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (“Agnico Eagle” or the “Company”) is principally engaged in the production and sale of gold, as
         well as related activities such as exploration and mine development. The Company’s mining operations are located in Canada,
         Australia, Finland and Mexico and the Company has exploration activities in Canada, Europe, Latin America, Australia and the
         United States. Agnico Eagle is a public company incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada with its head and
         registered office located at 145 King Street East, Suite 400, Toronto, Ontario, M5C 2Y7. The Company’s common shares are listed
         on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. Agnico Eagle sells its gold production into the world market.

         These condensed interim consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors of the Company
         (the “Board”) on July 26, 2023.

    2.   BASIS OF PRESENTATION

         A) Statement of Compliance

               The accompanying condensed interim consolidated financial statements of Agnico Eagle have been prepared in accordance
               with International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued by the International Accounting
               Standards Board (“IASB”) in United States (“US”) dollars. These condensed interim consolidated financial statements do not
               include all of the disclosures required by International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) for annual audited
               consolidated financial statements.

               These condensed interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s 2022 annual
               audited consolidated financial statements, including the accounting policies and notes thereto, included in the Annual Report
               and Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2022, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS.

               In the opinion of management, these condensed interim consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which
               consist of normal and recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position as at June 30, 2023, and
               December 31, 2022, and the results of operations and cash flows for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, and
               June 30, 2022.

               Operating results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
               expected for the full year ending December 31, 2023.

         B)    Basis of Presentation

               Overview

               These condensed interim consolidated financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost
               method except for certain financial assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value. The condensed interim consolidated
               financial statements are presented in US dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand, except where otherwise
               indicated.

               Subsidiaries

               These condensed interim consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Agnico Eagle and its consolidated
               subsidiaries. All intercompany balances, transactions, income and expenses and gains or losses have been eliminated on
               consolidation. Subsidiaries are consolidated where Agnico Eagle has the ability to exercise control. Control of an investee
               exists when Agnico Eagle is exposed to variable returns from the Company’s involvement with the investee and has the
               ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an
               investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the elements of control.

               Joint Arrangements

               A joint arrangement is defined as an arrangement in which two or more parties have joint control and is classified as either a
               joint operation or a joint venture. A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties have joint control of the
               arrangement and have rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement. In a joint venture, the
               Company has rights to its share of the net assets of the joint arrangement. These condensed interim consolidated financial
               statements include the Company’s interests in the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint operations from the date
               that joint control commenced. Agnico Eagle’s 50% interest in each of Canadian Malartic Corporation (“CMC”) and Canadian
               Malartic GP (the “Partnership”), the general partnership that held the Canadian Malartic complex located in Quebec, were
               accounted for as a joint operation until the remaining 50% was acquired on March 31, 2023 (Note 5).The Company
               recognizes its investments in joint ventures using the equity method.



                                                                         48
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
             NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                         June 30, 2023

    3.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         These condensed interim consolidated financial statements follow the same accounting policies and methods of their application as
         the December 31, 2022, annual audited consolidated financial statements.

    4.   SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

         The preparation of these condensed interim consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to
         make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed interim consolidated financial
         statements and accompanying notes. Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the condensed interim
         consolidated financial statements are reasonable; however, actual results may differ materially from these estimates. The areas
         involving significant judgments, estimates and assumptions have been set out in Note 4 to the Company’s annual audited
         consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022.

    5.   ACQUISITIONS

         Acquisition of Investment in San Nicolas Joint Arrangement

         On April 6, 2023, Agnico Eagle and Teck Resources Limited (“Teck”) entered into a joint venture shareholders agreement in
         respect of the San Nicolas copper-zinc development project located in Zacatecas, Mexico. The agreement provides that Agnico
         Eagle, through a wholly-owned Mexican subsidiary, will subscribe for a 50% interest in Minas de San Nicolas, S.A.P.I de C.V.
         (“MSN”) for $580.0 million, to be contributed as study and development costs are incurred by MSN. For governance purposes,
         under the agreement, Agnico Eagle is deemed to have a 50% participating interest in MSN regardless of the number of shares that
         have been issued to Agnico Eagle or its affiliates, except in certain circumstances of default. Under IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements
         (“IFRS 11”), Agnico Eagle jointly controls MSN as both parties have the ability to make decisions relating to the relevant
         activities of MSN through their equal representation on the Board of Directors (the “Board”) and corresponding 50/50 voting
         rights.

         On closing of the transaction, the Company recorded a $290.0 million liability, in other non-current liabilities, representing the
         minimum unavoidable obligation under the agreement, and recognized a corresponding investment in the joint arrangement of
         $290.0 million reflected in other non-current assets (Note 8B).

         During the second quarter of 2023, Agnico Eagle made contributions of $21.9 million to MSN which were recorded against the
         $290.0 million obligation.

         Acquisition of the Canadian Assets of Yamana Gold Inc. (“Yamana”)

         On March 31, 2023, the Company completed a transaction (the “Yamana Transaction”) under an arrangement agreement entered
         into with Yamana and Pan American Silver Corp. (“Pan American”) pursuant to which Pan American acquired all of the issued and
         outstanding common shares of Yamana and Yamana sold the subsidiaries and partnerships that held Yamana’s interests in its
         Canadian assets to Agnico Eagle, including the remaining 50% of the Canadian Malartic complex that the Company did not then
         hold, a 100% interest in the Wasamac project located in the Abitibi region of Quebec and several other exploration properties
         located in Ontario and Manitoba. The acquisition increased the Company’s production, mineral reserves and cash flow.

         The Company determined that the acquisition represented a business combination under IFRS 3: Business Combinations
         (“IFRS 3”), with Agnico Eagle identified as the acquirer and, as such, was accounted for using the acquisition method of
         accounting in accordance with IFRS 3.

         Prior to the Yamana Transaction, Agnico Eagle’s 50% interests in CMC and the Partnership were jointly controlled with Yamana
         and met the definition of a joint operation under IFRS 11, with Agnico Eagle recognizing its share of the assets, liabilities,
         revenues and expenses in its consolidated results. As of March 31, 2023, Agnico Eagle controls 100% of CMC and the Partnership
         and, upon applying the requirements under IFRS 3 for a business combination achieved in stages, the Company re-measured its
         previously held 50% interest in CMC and the Partnership to fair value on acquisition date. The acquisition date fair value of the
         previously held 50% interest was determined to be $2,697.6 million, resulting in the recognition of a re-measurement gain through
         net earnings in the quarter of $1,543.4 million. The fair value of $2,697.6 million forms part of the total consideration transferred
         under the Yamana Transaction as reflected in the table below. The fair value of common shares issued was calculated based on
         36,177,931 common shares issued at the closing share price immediately prior to the closing of the Yamana Transaction.

         The aggregate preliminary purchase consideration for the acquired assets, net of the assumed liabilities is as follows:

         ​Fair value of common shares issued                                                                                       ​ ​ ​$ 1,858,219​
          ​Cash                                                                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​1,001,291​
         ​Fair value of previously held 50% interest                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​2,697,604​
         ​                                                                                                                         ​ ​ ​$ 5,557,114​



                                                                       49
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
             NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                         June 30, 2023

    5.   ACQUISITIONS (Continued)

         The following table sets out the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
         management’s preliminary estimates of fair value.

                                                                                                                      Provisional        Adjusted
                                                                                                              (i)
         ​                                                                                    ​ ​ Preliminary ​ ​ Adjustment ​ ​ Preliminary​
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                            ​ ​ ​$     1,049 ​ ​ ​ ​$        —​ ​ ​ ​$     1,049 ​
         Inventories                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 165,423 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​        —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 165,423 ​
         Other current assets                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 29,890 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​           —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 29,890 ​
         Property, plant and mine development                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 4,949,392 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​(1,277,584)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 3,671,808 ​
         Goodwill                                                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,078,562 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 799,884​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,878,446 ​
         Other assets                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 330,215 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​         —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 330,215 ​
         Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ (117,905) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​       —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (117,905)​
         Reclamation provision                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ (203,341) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​       —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (203,341 ​)
         Deferred income and mining tax liabilities                                           ​ ​ ​ ​(1,646,500) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 477,700​ ​ ​ ​ ​(1,168,800 ​)
         Other liabilities                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ (29,671) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​          —​ ​ ​ ​ ​  (29,671 ​)
         Total assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed                                    ​ ​ ​$ 5,557,114 ​ ​ ​ ​$           —​ ​ ​ ​$ 5,557,114 ​
         ​




         Note:
         (i) Estimates of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are presented as reported in the Company’s condensed
             interim consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2023.

         The fair value of Agnico Eagle’s previously held 50% interest and the resulting gain on remeasurement along with the fair values
         allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, and are subject to adjustment based on further analysis and
         evaluation over the course of the measurement period which will not exceed twelve months from the acquisition date. Where
         preliminary values are used in accounting for a business combination, they may be materially adjusted retrospectively in
         subsequent periods. In particular, the Company will continue to evaluate new information about the facts and circumstances that
         existed as of the acquisition date pertaining to the fair value of property, plant and mine development, goodwill, reclamation
         provisions and deferred income and mining tax liabilities. Provisional amounts recognized in the first quarter of 2023 were revised
         in the second quarter of 2023, primarily due to a change in the basis used to derive the mining interest valuation, resulting in a
         reclassification of value from mining interest to goodwill.

         The results of operations, cash flows and net assets acquired in the Yamana Transaction have been consolidated with those of the
         Company from March 31, 2023. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, the Yamana Transaction contributed revenue of
         $167.5 million and earnings before income and mining taxes of $41.3 million. Total consolidated revenue and earnings before
         income and mining taxes of the Company for the three (six) months ended June 30, 2023, were $1,718.2 million ($3,227.9 million)
         and $466.3 million ($2,411.8 million), respectively. If the Yamana Transaction had taken place on January 1, 2023, pro forma total
         consolidated revenue and income before income and mining taxes for the Company would have been approximately
         $3,366.3 million and $2,461,1 million, respectively, for the six months ended June 30, 2023.

         Goodwill represents the expected value of additional exploration potential arising from the acquisition. None of the goodwill is
         expected to be deductible for income and mining tax purposes.

         In the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company incurred $1.7 million of transaction costs in connection with the Yamana
         Transaction and in the six months ended June 30, 2023, the Company incurred $16.9 million of transaction costs in connection
         with the Yamana Transaction. Acquisition-related costs are recorded in the other expenses line of the condensed interim
         consolidated statements of income.




                                                                       50
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
             NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                         June 30, 2023

    5.   ACQUISITIONS (Continued)

         Kirkland

         On February 8, 2022, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Kirkland in exchange for the issuance of
         Agnico Eagle common shares to former Kirkland shareholders pursuant to a plan of arrangement under the Business Corporations
         Act (Ontario) (the “Merger”). Each Kirkland shareholder received 0.7935 of a common share of Agnico Eagle as consideration for
         each Kirkland share, which resulted in the issuance of 209,274,263 Agnico Eagle common shares. Prior to the Merger, Kirkland
         owned and operated the Detour Lake and Macassa mines in Canada and the Fosterville mine in Australia, and also owned
         exploration properties in Canada and Australia. The acquisition of Kirkland increased the Company’s production, mineral reserves
         and cash flow.

         The Company determined that the Merger represented a business combination under IFRS 3 Business Combinations (“IFRS 3”),
         with Agnico Eagle identified as the acquirer and, as such, the Merger was accounted for using the acquisition method of
         accounting in accordance with IFRS 3.

         The aggregate purchase consideration for the acquired assets, net of the assumed liabilities is as follows:

         ​Fair value of common shares issued                                                                                          ​ ​ ​$ 10,268,584​
          ​Fair value of replacement share based compensation issued                                                                  ​ ​​ ​     14,522​

         ​                                                                                                                            ​ ​ ​$10,283,106​

         The final estimates of fair value have been adjusted retrospectively to the acquisition date. Certain previously reported financial
         statement line items were updated to reflect the impact of the adjusted final estimates of fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
         assumed related to the Merger.

         The following table sets out the final allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Merger
         based on management’s previously reported preliminary estimates and adjusted final estimates of fair value.
                                                                                                              (i)
         ​                                                                                     ​ ​ Preliminary ​ ​ Adjustments ​ ​   Final ​
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                             ​ ​ ​$ 838,732 ​ ​ ​ ​$    — ​ ​ ​ ​$ 838,732​
         Inventories                                                                           ​ ​ ​​   384,678 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (35,402) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​   349,276​
         Other current assets                                                                  ​ ​ ​​   100,094 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​​ ​       100,094​
         Property, plant and mine development                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​10,086,336 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 341,935 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​10,428,271​
         Goodwill                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,804,459 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​(168,128) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,636,331​
         Other assets                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 143,415 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,628) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 141,787​
         Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ (235,778)​ ​ ​ ​ ​       — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (235,778)​
         Reclamation provision                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ (175,839)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (52,289) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (228,128​)
         Deferred income and mining tax liabilities                                            ​ ​ ​ ​(2,639,353)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (84,488) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​(2,723,841​)
         Other liabilities                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ (23,638)​ ​ ​ ​ ​        — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (23,638)​
         Total assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed                                     ​ ​ $10,283,106
                                                                                                   ​           ​ ​ ​ ​$          — ​ ​ ​ $10,283,106
                                                                                                                                         ​           ​
         ​




         Note:
         (i) Estimates of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are presented as reported in the Company’s condensed
             interim consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2022.

         Goodwill represents the expected value of operational synergies and additional exploration potential arising from the Merger.
         None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income and mining tax purposes.

         In the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company incurred $11.3 million of transaction and severance costs in connection
         with the Merger and in the six months ended June 30, 2022, the Company incurred $92.1 million of transaction and severance
         costs in connection with the Merger. Acquisition-related costs are recorded in the other expenses line of the condensed interim
         consolidated statements of income.

         The results of operations, cash flows and net assets of Kirkland have been consolidated with those of the Company from
         February 8, 2022. For the three (six) months ended June 30, 2022, Kirkland contributed revenue of $633.8 million
         ($1,133.1 million) and earnings before income and mining taxes of $295.2 million ($412.5 million). Total consolidated revenue
         and earnings before income and mining taxes of the Company for the three (six) months ended June 30, 2022, were
         $1,581.1 million ($2,906.7 million) and



                                                                        51
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
          NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
          (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                       (Unaudited)
                                                      June 30, 2023

    5.   ACQUISITIONS (Continued)

         $456.9 million ($636.5 million), respectively. If the acquisition of Kirkland had taken place on January 1, 2022, pro forma total
         consolidated revenue and income before income and mining taxes for the Company would have been approximately
         $2,960.7 million and $626.0 million, respectively, for the six months ended June 30, 2022.

    6.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

         Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
         participants at the measurement date. All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated
         financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described, as follows, based on the lowest-level input that is
         significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

              Level 1 — Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted
              assets or liabilities;

              Level 2 — Quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for
              substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and

              Level 3 — Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and
              unobservable (supported by little or no market activity).

         The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs and the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.

         Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

         For items that are recognized at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether transfers have occurred between
         levels in the hierarchy by reassessing their classification at the end of each reporting period.

         During the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value
         measurements, and no transfers into or out of Level 3 fair value measurements.

         The fair values of cash and cash equivalents and accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their carrying values due to
         their short-term nature.

         The following table sets out the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at June 30,
         2023 using the fair value hierarchy:

         ​                                                                                     ​ ​ Level 1 ​ ​ Level 2 ​ ​ Level 3 ​ ​ Total ​
         Financial assets:                                                                     ​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​        ​​ ​​ ​    ​​ ​​ ​         ​
         Trade receivables                                                                     ​ ​ ​$      —​ ​ ​ ​$10,141​ ​ ​ ​$    —​ ​ ​ ​$ 10,141​
         Equity securities                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​290,196​ ​ ​ ​ ​22,598​ ​ ​ ​ ​ —​ ​ ​ ​ ​312,794​
         Share purchase warrants                                                               ​ ​​ ​     —​ ​ ​ ​ ​28,180​ ​ ​ ​ ​   —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 28,180​
         Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                        ​ ​​ ​     —​ ​ ​ ​ ​14,792​ ​ ​ ​ ​   —​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 14,792​
         Total financial assets                                                                ​ ​ ​$290,196​ ​ ​ ​$75,711​ ​ ​ ​$    —​ ​ ​ ​$365,907​
         Financial liabilities:                                                                ​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​       ​​ ​​ ​      ​​ ​​ ​        ​
         Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                        ​ ​ ​$     —​ ​ ​ ​$18,156​ ​ ​ ​$     —​ ​ ​ ​$ 18,156​
         Total financial liabilities                                                           ​ ​ ​$     —​ ​ ​ ​$18,156​ ​ ​ ​$     —​ ​ ​ ​$ 18,156​


         Valuation Techniques

         Trade Receivables

         Trade receivables from provisional invoices for concentrate sales are valued using quoted forward rates derived from observable
         market data based on the month of expected settlement (classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy).

         Equity Securities

         Equity securities representing shares of publicly traded entities are recorded at fair value using quoted market prices (classified
         within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy). Equity securities representing shares of non-publicly traded entities are recorded at fair
         value using external broker-dealer quotations corroborated by option pricing models (classified within Level 2 of the fair value
         hierarchy).



                                                                        52
​




                                         AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
          NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
          (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                       (Unaudited)
                                                      June 30, 2023

    6.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued)

         Derivative Financial Instruments and Warrants

         The Company holds share purchase warrants of certain publicly traded entities. Share purchase warrants are accounted for as
         derivative financial instruments and presented as part of investments in the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets.
         Derivative financial instruments, classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, are recorded at fair value using external
         broker-dealer quotations corroborated by option pricing models or option pricing models that utilize a variety of inputs that are a
         combination of quoted prices and market-corroborated inputs.

         Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured and Recognized at Fair Value

         Long-term debt is recorded on the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2023 at amortized cost. The fair
         value of long-term debt is determined by applying a discount rate, reflecting the credit spread based on the Company’s credit
         rating to future related cash flows which is categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. See Note 11.

         Lease obligations are recorded on the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2023 at amortized cost. The fair
         value of lease obligations is the present value of the future lease payments discounted at the Company’s current incremental
         borrowing rate. It is remeasured when there is a change in the lease term, future lease payments or changes in the assessment of
         whether the Company will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. The fair value of lease obligations is not
         materially different from the carrying amounts as a result of the difference between the incremental borrowing rates used at the
         initial recognition date and the current market rates at June 30, 2023.

         Non-current loans receivable and other receivables are included in the other asset line item in the condensed interim consolidated
         balance sheets at amortized cost. The fair value of non-current loans and other receivables is the present value of future cash
         inflows discounted at a market interest rate. The fair value of these financial assets is not materially different from the carrying
         amounts as at June 30, 2023 (Note 8B).

    7.   INVENTORIES

         During the three months ended June 30, 2023, impairment losses of $1.3 million (2022 — $9.8 million) were recorded within
         production costs to reduce the carrying value of inventories to their net realizable value. During the six months ended June 30,
         2023, impairment losses of $1.3 million (2022 — $35.5 million) were recorded within production costs to reduce the carrying
         value of inventories to their net realizable value.

    8.   OTHER ASSETS

         A)   Other Current Assets

                                                                                                           As at June 30,     As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                           ​ ​       2023       ​ ​        2022        ​
         Federal, provincial and other sales taxes receivable                                        ​ ​     ​$137,166    ​​ ​    ​$100,267      ​
         Prepaid expenses                                                                            ​ ​     ​ ​189,611   ​​ ​    ​ ​110,649     ​
         Short term investments                                                                      ​ ​     ​ ​ 9,328    ​​ ​    ​ ​ 9,896      ​
         Other                                                                                       ​ ​     ​ ​ 36,879   ​​ ​    ​ ​ 39,140     ​
         Total other current assets                                                                  ​ ​     ​$372,984    ​​ ​    ​$259,952      ​


         B)   Other Assets

                                                                                                           As at June 30,     As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                           ​ ​       2023       ​ ​        2022        ​
         Non-current ore in stockpiles and on leach pads                                             ​ ​ ​$ 667,058 ​ ​ ​         ​$ 405,988     ​
         Non-current prepaid expenses                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 43,518 ​ ​ ​         ​ ​ 26,102     ​
         Non-current loans receivable                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 10,103 ​ ​ ​         ​ ​ 3,939      ​
         Intangible asset                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 14,668 ​ ​ ​         ​ ​ 13,318     ​
         Investment in associate                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 300,945 ​ ​ ​        ​ ​ 10,732     ​
         Other                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 14,201 ​ ​ ​         ​ ​ 6,831      ​
         Total other assets                                                                          ​ ​ ​$1,050,493 ​ ​ ​        ​$466,910      ​



                                                                       53
​




                                            AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
             NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
             (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                         June 30, 2023

    8.   OTHER ASSETS (Continued)

         Investment in associate includes Agnico Eagle’s $290.0 million initial investment in the San Nicolas copper-zinc project (Note 5).

         The Company currently has an intangible asset with a finite useful life which is amortized on a straight-line basis, which
         represents an electricity contract under which the Detour Lake mine is paying below market rates over the term of the contract.

    9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND MINE DEVELOPMENT

         During the six months ended June 30, 2023, $861.1 million of additions, (excluding the property, plant and mine development
         assets acquired under the Yamana Transaction — see Note 5), (year ended December 31, 2022 — $1,606.8 million) were
         capitalized to property, plant and mine development.

         Total borrowing costs capitalized to property, plant and mine development during the six months ended June 30, 2023, were
         approximately $2.1 million (year ended December 31, 2022 — $3.6 million) at a capitalization rate of 1.24% (year ended
         December 31, 2022 — 1.16%).

         Assets with a net book value of $8.9 million were disposed of by the Company during the six months ended June 30, 2023, (year
         ended December 31, 2022 — $25.9 million), resulting in a loss on disposal of $3.6 million (year ended December 31, 2022 —
         $8.8 million) which was recorded in the other expenses line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

         See Note 19 to these condensed interim consolidated financial statements for capital commitments.

    10. INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                                    As at June 30,     As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                                    ​ ​       2023       ​ ​        2022        ​
         Equity securities                                                                                    ​ ​     ​$312,794    ​​ ​      ​$304,618        ​
         Share purchase warrants                                                                              ​ ​     ​ ​ 28,180   ​​ ​      ​ ​ 28,124       ​
         Total investments                                                                                    ​ ​     ​$340,974    ​​ ​      ​$332,742        ​

    11. LONG-TERM DEBT

         The following table sets out details of the Company’s long-term debt as at June 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022:

                                                                                    As at June 30,                                  As at December 31,
         ​                           ​                      ​                           2023                                 ​ ​           2022            ​
                                                                             Deferred
                                                              Principal     Financing          Carrying                          Carrying
         ​                           ​ ​ Interest Rates ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Costs ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Fair Value ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Fair Value ​
         Senior Notes                ​ ​ 2.78% – 5.02% ​ ​ ​$1,250,000​ ​ ​ ​$ (4,345) ​ ​ ​ ​$1,245,655​ ​ ​ ​$1,166,375​ ​ ​ ​$1,345,185​ ​ ​ ​$1,264,614​
         Credit Facility             ​ ​       Variable ​ ​ ​ ​ 100,000​ ​ ​ ​ ​(2,719) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 97,281​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 97,281​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (3,115)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (3,115)​
         Term Loan Facility          ​ ​       Variable ​ ​ ​$ 600,000​ ​ ​ ​$ (917) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 599,083​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 599,083​ ​ ​ ​ ​        —​ ​ ​ ​ ​       —​
         Total long-term debt        ​ ​                 ​ ​ ​ $1,950,000
                                                               ​          ​ ​ ​ ​$(7,981) ​ ​ ​ $1,942,019
                                                                                                ​          ​ ​ ​ $1,862,739
                                                                                                                 ​          ​ ​ ​ $1,342,070
                                                                                                                                  ​          ​ ​ ​ $1,261,499
                                                                                                                                                   ​          ​

         The following table sets out the long-term debt included in the condensed interim consolidated balance sheets:

                                                                                                                    As at June 30,     As at December 31,
         ​                                                                                                    ​ ​       2023       ​ ​        2022        ​
         Current portion of long-term debt                                                                    ​ ​ ​$          — ​​ ​        ​$ 100,000        ​
         Non-current portion of long-term debt                                                                ​ ​ ​ ​1,942,019 ​ ​ ​        ​ ​1,242,070      ​
         Total long-term debt                                                                                 ​ ​ ​$1,942,019 ​ ​ ​         ​$1,342,070       ​

         2016 Notes

         On June 30, 2023, the Company repaid $100.0 million of 2016 Series A 4.54% notes at maturity.

         Credit Facility

         During the six months ended June 30, 2023, Credit Facility drawdowns totaled $1.0 billion and repayments totaled $900.0 million.
         During the six months ended June 30, 2022, drawdowns and repayments totaled $100.0 million.



                                                                           54
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2023

    11. LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)

       As at June 30, 2023, $1,099.0 million was available for future drawdown under the Credit Facility (December 31, 2022 —
       $1,199.1 million). Credit Facility availability is reduced by outstanding letters of credit, which were $1.0 million as at June 30,
       2023 (December 31, 2022 — $0.9 million).

       On June 30, 2023, the Company amended its $1.2 billion unsecured revolving bank credit facility to update the benchmark rate
       from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”).

       Term Loan Facility

       On April 20, 2023, the Company entered into a credit agreement with a group of financial institutions that provides a $600 million
       unsecured term credit facility (the “Term Loan Facility”). The Company drew down the Term Loan Facility in full on April 28,
       2023. The Term Loan Facility matures and all indebtedness thereunder is due and payable on April 21, 2025. The Term Loan
       Facility is available as a single advance in US dollars through SOFR and base rate advances, priced at the applicable rate plus a
       margin that ranges from 0.00% to 2.00% depending on the Company’s credit rating.

       The Term Loan Facility contains covenants that limit the actions of the Company in the same manner and to the same extent as the
       existing limitations under the Credit Facility. The Company is also required to maintain a total net debt to EBITDA ratio below a
       specified maximum value.

    12. EQUITY

       Net Income Per Share

       The following table sets out the weighted average number of common shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted net
       income per share:

                                                                                            Three Months Ended                   Six Months Ended
       ​                                                                              ​ ​         June 30,     ​ ​                    June 30,         ​
       ​                                                                              ​ ​      2023    ​ ​      2022    ​ ​      2023     ​ ​    2022 ​
                                                                                                           Restated                          Restated
       ​                                                                              ​ ​​ ​         ​ ​ ​ (Note 5) ​ ​ ​ ​            ​ ​ ​ (Note 5) ​
       Net income for the period — basic                                              ​ ​ ​$326,821​ ​ ​ ​$290,389​ ​ ​ ​$2,143,712​ ​ ​ ​$409,465​
         Add: Dilutive impact of cash settling LTIP                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,140​) ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,745​) ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,916​) ​ ​ ​ ​    398​
       Net income for the period — diluted                                            ​ ​ ​ ​325,681​ ​ ​ ​ ​287,644​ ​ ​ ​ ​2,140,796​ ​ ​ ​ ​409,863​
       Weighted average number of common shares outstanding — basic (in
        thousands)                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​494,138​ ​ ​ ​ ​455,285​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 481,553​ ​ ​ ​ ​419,997​
        Add: Dilutive impact of common shares related to the RSU plan, PSU plan
           and LTIP                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,209​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,252​ ​ ​ ​ ​        1,279​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,275​
           Add: Dilutive impact of employee stock options                             ​ ​​ ​    162​ ​ ​ ​ ​   250​ ​ ​ ​ ​          146​ ​ ​ ​ ​   261​
       Weighted average number of common shares outstanding — diluted (in
        thousands)                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​495,509​ ​ ​ ​ ​456,787​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 482,978​ ​ ​ ​ ​421,533​
       Net income per share — basic                                                   ​ ​ ​$     0.66​ ​ ​ ​$     0.64​ ​ ​ ​$      4.45​ ​ ​ ​$    0.97​
       Net income per share — diluted                                                 ​ ​ ​$     0.66​ ​ ​ ​$     0.63​ ​ ​ ​$      4.43​ ​ ​ ​$    0.97​


       Diluted net income per share has been calculated using the treasury stock method. In applying the treasury stock method,
       outstanding employee stock options with an exercise price greater than the average quoted market price of the common shares for
       the period outstanding are not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share as the impact would be anti-dilutive.

       For the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, 2,598,337 (2022 — 2,711,061) employee stock options were excluded from the
       calculation of diluted net income per share as their impact would have been anti-dilutive.

       Normal Course Issuer Bid (“NCIB”)

       On May 2, 2023, the Company received approval from the Toronto Stock Exchange, pursuant to which the Company may
       purchase up to $500.0 million of its common shares up to a maximum of 5% of its issued and outstanding common shares. Under
       the NCIB, the Company may purchase such common shares on the open market at its discretion, during the period commencing on
       May 4, 2023 and ending on May 3, 2024. All common shares purchased under the NCIB will be cancelled.



                                                                    55
​




                                           AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
            NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
            (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                         (Unaudited)
                                                        June 30, 2023

    12. EQUITY (Continued)

        There were no repurchases of shares under the Company’s NCIB program in the three months ended June 30, 2023 (2022 —
        453,000). During the six months ended June 30, 2023, the Company repurchased 100,000 (2022 — 453,000) common shares for
        $4.8 million (2022 — $22.3 million) at an average price of $47.75 (2022 — $49.13) as part of its authorized NCIB program. Of the
        shares purchased, 100,000 (2022 — 200,000) were cancelled as of June 30, 2023. The book value of the cancelled shares was
        $3.6 million (2022 — $7.1 million) and was treated as a reduction to common share capital. The portion of the consideration paid
        for the repurchased shares in excess of their book value was treated as a reduction to contributed surplus.

    13. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

        A)    Employee Stock Option Plan (“ESOP”)

        The following table sets out activity with respect to Agnico Eagle’s outstanding stock options:

                                                                                            Six Months Ended                 Six Months Ended
        ​                                                                             ​ ​     June 30, 2023           ​ ​      June 30, 2022
                                                                                                                                    ​
                                                                                                     Weighted              Weighted
                                                                                         Number of   Average   Number of   Average
                                                                                           Stock     Exercise    Stock     Exercise
        ​                                                                             ​ ​ Options ​ ​ Price ​ ​ Options ​ ​ Price ​
        Outstanding, beginning of period                                              ​ ​ ​4,976,636 ​ ​ ​ ​C$75.04 ​ ​ ​ ​4,482,941 ​ ​ ​ ​C$74.43 ​
        Granted                                                                       ​ ​ ​ 873,950 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​70.36 ​ ​ ​ ​1,643,801 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​67.10 ​
        Exercised                                                                     ​ ​ ​ (519,426)​ ​ ​ ​ ​59.43 ​ ​ ​ ​ (529,195)​ ​ ​ ​ ​57.76 ​
        Forfeited                                                                     ​ ​ ​ (117,203)​ ​ ​ ​ ​78.58 ​ ​ ​ ​ (121,618)​ ​ ​ ​ ​79.68 ​
        Expired                                                                       ​ ​ ​ (8,500)​ ​ ​ ​ ​58.04 ​ ​ ​ ​         — ​​ ​ ​ ​ — ​
        Outstanding, end of period                                                    ​ ​ ​​5,205,457 ​ ​ ​ ​C$75.76 ​ ​ ​ ​​5,475,929 ​ ​ ​ ​C$73.73 ​
        Options exercisable, end of period                                            ​ ​ ​​3,460,439 ​ ​ ​ ​C$77.18 ​ ​ ​ ​​3,157,842 ​ ​ ​ ​C$71.65 ​

        The average share price of Agnico Eagle’s common shares during the six months ended June 30, 2023 was C$71.00 (2022 —
        C$69.69).

        Agnico Eagle estimated the fair value of stock options under the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted
        average assumptions:

                                                                                                                                  Six Months Ended
        ​                                                                                                                   ​ ​        June 30,    ​
        ​                                                                                                                    ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​
        Risk-free interest rate                                                                                              ​ ​ ​4.26%​ ​ ​ 1.65%​
        Expected life of stock options (in years)                                                                            ​ ​ ​ 2.5 ​ ​ ​ 2.4 ​
        Expected volatility of Agnico Eagle’s share price                                                                    ​ ​ ​36.0%​ ​ ​ 30.0%​
        Expected dividend yield                                                                                              ​ ​ ​ 3.6%​ ​ ​ 2.9%​


        The Company uses historical volatility to estimate the expected volatility of Agnico Eagle’s share price. The expected term of
        stock options granted is derived from historical data on employee exercise and post-vesting employment termination experience.

        Compensation expense related to the ESOP amounted to $2.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023, (2022 —
        $3.2 million) and $7.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 (2022 — $9.3 million).

        B)    Incentive Share Purchase Plan (“ISPP”)

        During the six months ended June 30, 2023, 415,343 common shares were subscribed for under the ISPP (2022 — 286,967) for a
        value of $20.8 million (2022 — $15.5 million). The total compensation cost recognized during the three months ended June 30,
        2023, related to the ISPP was $3.6 million (2022 — $2.6 million) and $6.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 (2022
        — $5.2 million).

        C)    Restricted Share Unit (“RSU”) Plan

        During the six months ended June 30, 2023, 203,004 RSUs were granted (2022 — 366,586) and 323,000 RSUs were approved
        with a grant date fair value of $11.6 million for granted RSUs (2022 — $19.4 million) and an estimated fair value of $18.6 million
        for



                                                                      56
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2023

    13. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

       approved RSUs. In the first six months of 2023, the Company funded a portion of the RSU plan by transferring $11.6 million
       (2022 — $19.4 million) to an employee benefit trust that then purchased common shares of the Company in the open market.

       Compensation expense related to the RSU plan was $9.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023, (2022 — $7.0 million)
       and $18.5 million for six months ended June 30, 2023 (2022- $13.4 million). Compensation expense related to the RSU plan is
       included in the production and general and administrative line items of the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

       D) Performance Share Unit (“PSU”) Plan

       During the six months ended June 30, 2023, 84,000 PSUs were approved for grant (2022 — 157,500). The value of a PSU at the
       grant date approximates the market price of a common share of the Company on that date. The PSU’s are accounted for as cash-
       settled share based liabilities. At each reporting date, and on settlement, the share based liabilities are remeasured, with changes in
       fair value recognized as compensation expense in the period.

       Compensation expense related to the PSU plan was $2.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023, (2022 — $2.0 million)
       and $3.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 (2022 — $9.0 million). Compensation expense related to the PSU plan is
       included in the production and general and administrative line items of the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

       E)    Deferred Share Unit (“DSU”) Plan

       Compensation recovery related to the converted DSU’s amounted $0.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023, (2022 —
       $1.2 million) and $0.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 (2022 — nil). Charges related to the DSU plan during were
       included in the general and administrative line item of the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

    14. OTHER RESERVES

       The following table sets out the movements in other reserves for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022:

                                                                                                                 Equity       Cash flow
                                                                                                               securities        hedge
       ​                                                                                                   ​ ​ reserve ​ ​ reserve ​ ​ Total ​
       Balance at December 31, 2021                                                                        ​ ​ ​$ 65,065 ​ ​ ​ ​$(10,789)​ ​ ​ ​$ 54,276​
       Net change in cash flow hedge reserve                                                               ​ ​​​       —​​ ​ ​ ​      588 ​ ​ ​ ​    588​
       Net change in fair value of equity securities                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​(94,605)​ ​ ​ ​ ​    — ​ ​ ​ ​ (94,605)​
       Balance at June 30, 2022                                                                            ​ ​ ​$(29,540)​ ​ ​ ​$(10,201)​ ​ ​ ​$(39,741)​

       Balance at December 31, 2022                                                                        ​ ​ ​$(20,518)​ ​ ​ ​$ (8,488)​ ​ ​ ​$(29,006)​
       Net change in cash flow hedge reserve                                                               ​ ​​​      — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 588 ​ ​ ​ ​        588​
       Transfer of net loss on disposal of equity securities to deficit                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,897 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​     — ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,897​
       Net change in fair value of equity securities                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​(26,653)​ ​ ​ ​ ​    — ​ ​ ​ ​ (26,653)​
       Balance at June 30, 2023                                                                            ​ ​ ​$(44,274)​ ​ ​ ​$ (7,900)​ ​ ​ ​$(52,174)​

       The cash flow hedge reserve represents the settlement of an interest rate derivative related to the Senior Notes issued in 2020. The
       reserve will be amortized over the term of the Notes. Amortization of the reserve is included in the finance costs line item in the
       condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

    15. REVENUES FROM MINING OPERATIONS

       The Company has recognized the following amounts relating to revenue in the condensed interim consolidated statements of
       income:

                                                                                         Three Months Ended                     Six Months Ended
       ​                                                                           ​ ​         June 30,                ​ ​           June 30,             ​
       ​                                                                           ​ ​ 2023          ​ ​ 2022          ​ ​ 2023           ​ ​ 2022 ​
       Revenues from contracts with customers                                      ​ ​ ​$ 1,718,166​ ​ ​ ​$ 1,582,685​ ​ ​ ​$ 3,227,909​ ​ ​ ​$ 2,907,537​
       Provisional pricing adjustments on concentrate sales                        ​ ​​ ​        31​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,627​) ​ ​ ​ ​       (51​) ​ ​ ​ ​    (791​)
       Total revenues from mining operations                                       ​ ​ ​$1,718,197​ ​ ​ ​$1,581,058​ ​ ​ ​$3,227,858​ ​ ​ ​$2,906,746​



                                                                          57
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2023

    15. REVENUES FROM MINING OPERATIONS (Continued)

       The following table sets out the disaggregation of revenues by metal:

                                                                                          Three Months Ended                    Six Months Ended
       ​                                                                         ​ ​            June 30,               ​ ​           June 30,             ​
       ​                                                                         ​ ​      2023      ​ ​      2022      ​ ​      2023      ​ ​      2022​
       Revenues from contracts with customers:                                   ​ ​​ ​          ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​​ ​           ​​ ​​ ​           ​
       Gold                                                                      ​ ​ ​$ 1,695,001​ ​ ​ ​$ 1,560,058​ ​ ​ ​$ 3,182,153​ ​ ​ ​$ 2,861,228​
       Silver                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 16,795​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 13,437​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 31,719​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 29,497​
       Zinc                                                                      ​ ​​ ​     1,616​ ​ ​ ​ ​     3,180​ ​ ​ ​ ​     4,380​ ​ ​ ​ ​    4,181​
       Copper                                                                    ​ ​​ ​     4,754​ ​ ​ ​ ​     6,010​ ​ ​ ​ ​     9,657​ ​ ​ ​ ​   12,631​
       Total revenues from contracts with customers                              ​ ​ ​$1,718,166​ ​ ​ ​$1,582,685​ ​ ​ ​$3,227,909​ ​ ​ ​$2,907,537​


    16. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

       Currency Risk Management

       The Company uses foreign exchange economic hedges to reduce the variability in expected future cash flows arising from changes
       in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company is primarily exposed to currency fluctuations relative to the US dollar as a
       significant portion of the Company’s operating costs and capital expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the
       Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar, the Euro and the Mexican peso. These potential currency fluctuations increase the volatility
       of, and could have a significant impact on, the Company’s production costs and capital expenditures. The economic hedges relate
       to a portion of the foreign currency denominated cash outflows arising from foreign currency denominated expenditures.

       As at June 30, 2023, the Company had outstanding derivative contracts related to $2,134.9 million of 2023 and 2024 expenditures
       (December 31, 2022 — $2,907.9 million). The Company recognized mark-to-market adjustments in the gain on derivative
       financial instruments line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income. The Company did not apply hedge
       accounting to these arrangements.

       Mark-to-market gains and losses related to foreign exchange derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value based on
       broker-dealer quotations corroborated by option pricing models that utilize period-end forward pricing of the applicable foreign
       currency to calculate fair value.

       The Company’s other foreign currency derivative strategies in 2023 and 2022 consisted mainly of writing US dollar call options
       with short maturities to generate premiums that would, in essence, enhance the spot transaction rate received when exchanging US
       dollars for Canadian dollars and Mexican pesos. All of these derivative transactions expired prior to period-end such that no
       derivatives were outstanding as at June 30, 2023, or December 31, 2022. The call option premiums were recognized in the gain on
       derivative financial instruments line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income.

       Commodity Price Risk Management

       To mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating diesel fuel prices, the Company uses derivative financial instruments as economic
       hedges of the price risk on a portion of diesel fuel costs associated primarily with its Nunavut operations’ diesel fuel exposure.
       There were derivative financial instruments outstanding as at June 30, 2023, relating to 17.0 million gallons of heating oil
       (December 31, 2022 — 19.0 million). The related mark-to-market adjustments prior to settlement were recognized in the gain on
       derivative financial instruments line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements of income. The Company did not apply
       hedge accounting to these arrangements.

       Mark-to-market gains and losses related to heating oil derivative financial instruments are based on broker-dealer quotations that
       utilize period-end forward pricing to calculate fair value.

       Share Purchase Warrants

       The Company holds warrants to acquire equity securities of certain issuers in the mining industry. These warrants are not part of
       the Company’s core operations, and accordingly, gains and losses from these investments are not representative of the Company’s
       performance during the year.

       The following table sets out a summary of the amounts recognized in the gain on derivative financial instruments line item in the
       condensed interim consolidated statements of income.



                                                                     58
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2023

    16. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                                              Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
       ​                                                                                ​ ​         June 30,     ​ ​      June 30,    ​
       ​                                                                                ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​
       Premiums realized on written foreign exchange call options                       ​ ​ ​$ (135​) ​ ​ ​$ (451​) ​ ​ ​$ (135​) ​ ​ ​$ (769​)
       Unrealized loss on warrants                                                      ​ ​ ​ ​ 6,959​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 21,095​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,296​ ​ ​ ​ ​20,182​
       Realized loss (gain) on currency and commodity derivatives                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 16,831​ ​ ​ ​ ​(13,460)​ ​ ​ ​ ​30,843​ ​ ​ ​ ​(16,838)​
       Unrealized (gain) loss on currency and commodity derivatives                     ​ ​ ​ ​(50,088)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 33,569​ ​ ​ ​ ​(65,976)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,514​
       (Gain) loss on derivative financial instruments                                  ​ ​ ​$(26,433)​ ​ ​ ​$ 40,753​ ​ ​ $(32,972
                                                                                                                             ​          )​ ​ ​ $
                                                                                                                                               ​ 12,089​


    17. OTHER EXPENSES

       The following table sets out amounts recognized in the other expenses line item in the condensed interim consolidated statements
       of income:

                                                                                              Three Months Ended     Six Months Ended
       ​                                                                                            June 30,     ​ ​      June 30,    ​
       ​                                                                                         2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ 2022 ​
       Loss on disposal of property, plant and mine development (Note 9)                      ​$ 1,058 ​ ​ ​ ​$ 2,828 ​ ​ ​ ​$ 3,601​ ​ ​ ​$ 3,914​
       Interest income                                                                        ​ ​(1,481)​ ​ ​ ​ ​(3,770)​ ​ ​ ​ ​(3,949​) ​ ​ ​ ​ (4,975​)
       Temporary suspension and other costs due to COVID-19                                   ​ ​ 913 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,710 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 913​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 10,752​
       Acquisition costs (Note 5)                                                             ​ ​ 1,673 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​11,372 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​16,912​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 92,139​
       Environmental remediation                                                              ​ ​(1,420)​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (319)​ ​ ​ ​ ​(1,977​) ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,618​)
       Other costs                                                                            ​ ​ 2,036 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,753 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,402​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,961​
       Total other expenses                                                                   ​$ 2,779 ​ ​ ​ ​$19,574 ​ ​ ​ $22,902
                                                                                                                            ​       ​ ​ ​ $109,173
                                                                                                                                          ​        ​




                                                                    59
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2023

    18. SEGMENTED INFORMATION

       ​                                                          ​​                        Six Months Ended June 30, 2023                             ​
                                                                     Revenues from                              Exploration and           Segment
                                                                        Mining       Production                   Corporate               Income
       ​                                                          ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs                 ​ ​ Development ​ ​           (Loss)      ​
       LaRonde mine                                               ​ ​ ​$ 236,085       ​​ ​ ​$ (103,676) ​​ ​      ​$      —       ​​ ​ ​$ 132,409     ​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 66,080       ​​ ​ ​ ​ (43,987) ​​ ​      ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 22,093     ​
       Canadian Malartic complex                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 473,945      ​​ ​ ​ ​ (201,481) ​​ ​     ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 272,464    ​
       Goldex mine                                                ​ ​ ​ ​ 141,335      ​​ ​ ​ ​ (55,995) ​​ ​      ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 85,340     ​
       Meliadine mine                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 326,713      ​​ ​ ​ ​ (160,011) ​​ ​     ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 166,702    ​
       Meadowbank complex                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 405,669      ​​ ​ ​ ​ (247,492) ​​ ​     ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 158,177    ​
       Kittila mine                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 218,887      ​​ ​ ​ ​ (96,631) ​​ ​      ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 122,256    ​
       Detour Lake mine                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 623,663      ​​ ​ ​ ​ (226,818) ​​ ​     ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 396,845    ​
       Macassa mine                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 230,738      ​​ ​ ​ ​   (76,504) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 154,234    ​
       Fosterville mine                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 337,375      ​​ ​ ​ ​   (72,430) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 264,945    ​
       Pinos Altos mine                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 101,837      ​​ ​ ​ ​   (67,631) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​   34,206   ​
       La India mine                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ 65,531       ​​ ​ ​ ​   (43,741) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​   21,790   ​
       Exploration(i)                                             ​​ ​ ​     —         ​​ ​ ​ ​      — ​​ ​        ​ ​(108,190)    ​​ ​ ​ ​ (108,190) ​
       Segment totals                                                $3,227,858
                                                                  ​​ ​                      $(1,396,397
                                                                                       ​​ ​ ​           ) ​​ ​     ​$(108,190)     ​​ ​ ​$1,723,271 ​
       Total segments income                                      ​​ ​ ​            ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​            ​ ​​ ​   ​​          ​   ​​ ​ ​$ 1,723,271 ​
       Corporate and other:                                       ​​ ​ ​            ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​            ​ ​​ ​   ​​          ​   ​​ ​ ​ ​         ​ ​
           Amortization of property, plant and mine development                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ (685,221) ​
           General and administrative                                                                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ (95,520) ​
           Finance costs                                                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ (59,285) ​
           Gain on derivative financial instruments                                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 32,972 ​
           Foreign currency translation loss                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ (4,234) ​
           Care and maintenance                                                                                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ (20,656) ​
           Revaluation gain                                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​1,543,414 ​
           Other expenses                                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ (22,902) ​
       Income before income and mining taxes                                                                                       ​ ​ ​$2,411,839     ​
       ​




       Note:
       (i) Exploration includes the Hope Bay project.




                                                                       60
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2023

    18. SEGMENTED INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                           Six Months Ended June 30, 2022
       ​                                                        ​​                               Restated (Note 5)                                   ​
                                                                       Revenues from                           Exploration and          Segment
                                                                          Mining       Production                Corporate              Income
       ​                                                            ​ ​ Operations ​ ​   Costs              ​ ​ Development ​ ​          (Loss)      ​
       LaRonde mine                                                 ​ ​ ​$ 274,231    ​​ ​ ​$ (79,790) ​​ ​      ​$       —      ​​ ​ ​$ 194,441     ​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 58,388    ​​ ​ ​ ​ (33,866) ​​ ​     ​​       —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 24,522     ​
       Canadian Malartic complex                                    ​ ​ ​ ​ 297,105   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (113,342) ​​ ​    ​ ​ (11,909)    ​​ ​ ​ ​ 171,854    ​
       Goldex mine                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 131,521   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (52,747) ​​ ​     ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 78,774     ​
       Meliadine mine                                               ​ ​ ​ ​ 346,084   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (165,065) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 181,019    ​
       Meadowbank complex                                           ​ ​ ​ ​ 266,930   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (204,084) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 62,846     ​
       Kittila Mine                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 216,488   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (102,766) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 113,722    ​
       Detour Lake mine                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 600,293   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (257,394) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 342,899    ​
       Macassa mine                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ 164,248   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (65,315) ​​ ​     ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 98,933     ​
       Fosterville mine                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 368,602   ​​ ​ ​ ​ (136,304) ​​ ​    ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​ 232,298    ​
       Pinos Altos mine                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ 103,327   ​​ ​ ​ ​   (72,409) ​​ ​   ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​   30,918   ​
       Creston Mascota mine                                         ​​ ​ ​    2,918   ​​ ​ ​ ​    (1,099) ​​ ​   ​​      —       ​​ ​ ​ ​    1,819  ​
       La India mine                                                ​​ ​ ​   76,467   ​​ ​ ​ ​   (35,190) ​​ ​   ​​       —      ​​ ​ ​ ​ 41,277 ​
       Exploration(i)                                               ​​ ​ ​      144   ​​ ​ ​ ​     — ​​ ​        ​ ​(124,285)    ​​ ​ ​ ​ (124,141) ​
       Segment totals                                               ​ ​ ​$2,906,746 ​​ ​ ​$(1,319,371) ​​ ​      ​$(136,194)     ​​ ​ ​$1,451,181 ​
       Total segments income                                        ​​ ​ ​          ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​       ​ ​​ ​      ​​        ​     ​​ ​ ​$ 1,451,181 ​
       Corporate and other:                                         ​​ ​ ​          ​ ​​ ​ ​ ​       ​ ​​ ​      ​​          ​   ​​ ​ ​ ​         ​ ​
         Amortization of property, plant and mine development(ii)                                                                 ​ ​ ​ ​ (525,535) ​
           General and administrative                                                                                             ​ ​ ​ ​ (116,817) ​
           Finance costs                                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ (43,614) ​
           Loss on derivative financial instruments                                                                              ​ ​ ​ ​ (12,089) ​
           Foreign currency translation gain                                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 12,282 ​
           Care and maintenance                                                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ (19,713) ​
           Other expenses                                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ (109,173) ​
       Income before income and mining taxes                                                                                     ​ ​ ​$ 636,522      ​
       ​




       Note:
       (i) Exploration includes the Hope Bay project.




                                                                      61
​




                                          AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
           NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
           (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                       June 30, 2023

    18. SEGMENTED INFORMATION (Continued)

       The following table sets out total assets by segment:

       ​                                                                                                   ​ ​         Total Assets as at      ​
                                                                                                                   June 30,       December 31,
       ​                                                                                                    ​ ​     2023      ​ ​     2022     ​
       LaRonde mine                                                                                         ​ ​ ​$ 1,010,291​ ​ ​ ​$ 987,821 ​
       LaRonde Zone 5 mine                                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 123,285​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 115,404 ​
       Canadian Malartic complex                                                                            ​ ​ ​ ​ 6,961,006​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,582,406 ​
       Goldex mine                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 375,938​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 339,390 ​
       Meliadine mine                                                                                       ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,350,864​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,323,873 ​
       Meadowbank complex                                                                                   ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,381,548​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,387,335 ​
       Kittila mine                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,637,205​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,647,353 ​
       Detour Lake mine                                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,193,439​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 9,120,416 ​
       Macassa mine                                                                                         ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,331,691​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,266,891 ​
       Fosterville mine                                                                                     ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,088,560​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,224,645 ​
       Pinos Altos mine                                                                                     ​ ​​ ​   471,126​ ​ ​ ​ ​   463,823 ​
       Creston Mascota mine                                                                                 ​ ​​ ​     3,940​ ​ ​ ​ ​     4,864 ​
       La India mine                                                                                        ​ ​ ​ ​ 135,334​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 150,967 ​
       Exploration                                                                                          ​ ​ ​ ​ 980,639​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 821,718 ​
       Corporate and other                                                                                  ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,266,786​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,057,902 ​
       Total assets                                                                                         ​ ​ ​$29,311,652​ ​ ​ ​$23,494,808 ​

    19. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

       As part of its ongoing business and operations, the Company has been required to provide assurance in the form of letters of credit
       for environmental and site restoration costs, custom credits, government grants and other general corporate purposes. As at
       June 30, 2023, the total amount of these guarantees was $972.3 million.

       As at June 30, 2023, the Company had $191.9 million of commitments related to capital expenditures and $290.0 million of
       committed subscription proceeds related to the San Nicolas copper-zinc Project (Note 5).

    20. ONGOING LITIGATION

       Kirkland

       Effective as of February 8, 2022, the Company acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Kirkland in the Merger (Note 5).
       Kirkland had previously disclosed the existence of certain contingent liabilities relating to outstanding litigation matters involving
       Kirkland and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries, some of which were amalgamated as part of a pre-closing corporate reorganization
       completed in early February 2022. One litigation matter remains outstanding as at June 30, 2023. Management believes that the
       claim has no merit and intends to defend it vigorously. No amounts have been recorded for any potential liability and the Company
       believes that the likelihood of loss is undeterminable at this point.

       Kirkland is the defendant in two putative class action complaints filed on June 29, 2020, and July 17, 2020, (and subsequently
       amended) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the “Court”). The complaints allege that
       during the period from January 8, 2018, to November 25, 2019, Kirkland and Kirkland’s former chief executive officer violated
       the United States securities laws by misrepresenting or failing to disclose material information regarding Kirkland’s acquisition of
       Detour Gold Corporation, which closed in January 2020.

       Following motions filed by both individual complainants, the Court entered an order on September 24, 2020, appointing one lead
       plaintiff and one lead counsel. On January 22, 2021, Kirkland filed a motion to dismiss. On September 30, 2021, the Court
       dismissed certain of the plaintiff’s claims against Kirkland. Since then, the parties have continued with the documentary and oral
       discovery process. The Company continues to believe that the one outstanding claim is without merit.

       Kittila permits

       In May 2020, the Regional State Administrative Agency of Northern Finland (the “RSAA”) granted Agnico Eagle Finland Oy
       (“Agnico Finland”) environmental and water permits that allowed Agnico Finland to enlarge its second carbon-in-leach (“CIL2”)



                                                                      62
​




                                        AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED
         NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
         (thousands of United States dollars, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)
                                                      (Unaudited)
                                                     June 30, 2023

    20. ONGOING LITIGATION (Continued)

       tailings storage facility, expand the operations of the Kittila mine to 2.0 Mtpa and build a new discharge waterline. The permits
       were subsequently appealed by a third party to the Vaasa Administrative Court (the “VAC”). In July 2022, the appeals were
       granted, in part, with the result that the permits were returned for reconsideration to the RSAA.

       In August 2022, Agnico Finland appealed the decisions of the VAC to the Supreme Administrative Court of Finland (the “SAC”)
       and requested that the SAC restore the permits through an interim decision pending the ultimate result of Agnico Finland’s appeal.

       On November 1, 2022, the SAC issued an interim decision upholding the initial CIL2 tailings storage facility permit and restoring
       permitted nitrogen emission levels for the year 2022. However, the SAC interim decision didn’t uphold the permit for the
       expansion of the mine to 2.0 Mtpa. The VAC decision is valid until a final decision is issued by the SAC. In the fourth quarter of
       2022, Agnico Finland reduced its underground production levels to comply with the mining volume requirements. Agnico Finland
       expects a final decision from the SAC in the third quarter of 2023.

       If the SAC does not reinstate Agnico Finland’s permits as granted by the RSAA in 2020 to produce at, or close to, 2.0 Mtpa, the
       Company intends to submit an updated permit application for 2.0 Mtpa output level or higher.

    21. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

       Dividends Declared

       On July 26, 2023, Agnico Eagle announced that the Board approved the payment of a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per
       common share (a total value of approximately $197.9 million), payable on September 15, 2023, to holders of record of the
       common shares of the Company on September 1, 2023.




                                                                    63
​




    [MISSING IMAGE: lg_agnicoeagle-bw.jpg]
