   New Zealand
Rural Land Co
  The Rural Land Investors

        ANNUAL REPORT
   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




   www.nzrlc.co.nz
              listed on:




                                         NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                          1
CONTENTS




         SECTION




         2024
                   1                                                            SECTION




                                                                                 Statutory
                                                                                          2
         Review                                                                  Information
         3 2024 Review                                                           5 Statutory Information




      SECTION




       Financial
                3                                                                         4
                                                                                    SECTION




                                                                                   Company
       Statements                                                                  Directory
       16 Financial Statements                                                     46 Company Directory




This report is dated 28 March 2025 and is signed on behalf of the Board of New Zealand Rural Land Company Limited:




                   Rob Campbell                                                           Sarah Kennedy
                   Independent Chair                                                      Director




                                                                                                          NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                           2
          1
S EC T I O N




  Chair Report
                      2024
                      Review

  New Zealand Rural Land Co (NZL.NZX) is pleased to present its Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2024. NZL
  recorded a consolidated net profit after tax of $23.1m and Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO) of $7.1m, excluding
  earnings from properties with put/call arrangements in place1.

  FY24 Highlights

  •            Roc Partners purchased 25% of NZL’s portfolio, validating strategy and partnering for future growth;

  •            CPI linked rental increases of +18.6% on 37.3% of NZL’s portfolio took effect in mid-2024. A further 26.5% of NZL’s portfolio
               was subject to a +4.0% increase on 15 April 2024;

  •            AFFO grew from 4.35 cps in FY23 to 4.94 cps (+13.6%) in FY24. NZL forecasts FY25 AFFO of between 5.25 cps and
               5.60cps (FY25 includes further CPI linked rental adjustments and the first full year of higher yielding horticultural
               acquisitions);

  •            Portfolio diversification and yield materially increased by forestry and horticultural acquisitions in FY24;

  •            WALT increased from 11.6 years (31 December 2023) to 12.5 (+8.2%) years at FY24 end, due to the acquisition of forestry
               and horticultural properties with lease terms of 22 and 30 years respectively;

  •            17,503 hectares of rural land now owned, an increase of +9.0% on FY23 16,063;

  •            Restructured NZL’s borrowing arrangements on 20 December 2024 by entering into a syndicated facility agreement with
               Rabobank and Bank of China. The new syndicated facility reduces NZL’s weighted average cost of debt and increases
               total available debt capital from $133.5m to $140.0m;

  •            Gearing lowered to 29.6% from 36.2% (-6.6%) with 65.0% of borrowing hedged;

  •            Dividend reinstated at ~80% of AFFO, equivalent to a full year dividend of 4.00 cps. The final dividend will be paid in April
               2025. NZL will continue to offer a dividend reinvestment programme.

  •            Net asset value per share has grown from $1.25 at IPO to $1.603 (at 31 December 2024); and

  •            On-market share buyback programme continued, with 88,804 shares repurchased at an average price of $0.89 per
               share, bringing the total shares repurchased to 710,131 since buyback was initiated in June 2023.

  The FY24 result delivered an increased portfolio value, effective risk management, and sustainable growth in value and
  dividends for shareholders.

  A detailed results presentation is available at: www.nzrlc.co.nz/reports-presentations.

  Roc Transaction

  On 19 January 2024, NZL announced it had entered into an agreement to sell a 25% equity interest in its land portfolio to Roc
  Partners (Roc). This transaction settled in early HY24 on 9 February 2024.

  Roc acquired the equity interest for $44.2m in cash. NZL used the proceeds to repay the $11.8m owing on a convertible note it
  drew down in April 2023 to partially fund its forestry acquisition. Further proceeds were used to fund orchard and forestry land
  acquisitions detailed below, with the balance retained as working capital while other opportunities were investigated.

  Roc Partners has extensive experience in rural property investment and represent an ideal strategic partner for NZL. The
  Companies have already co-invested in four acquisitions, successfully growing the portfolio.




                                                                                                                     NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                      3
Acquisitions

In the first half of the year, NZL announced the acquisition of several additional properties including a 97 hectare horticultural
property in Hawke’s Bay and a 1,105 hectare forestry estate in Manawatu-Whanganui. NZL supplemented the purchases
with an additional 1,501 hectare forestry estate in the same well regarded forestry region. These properties were collectively
purchased for $34.9m and were leased to Kiwi Crunch, New Zealand Forest Leasing and MM Forests respectively.

NZL also settled the first tranche of a 126 hectare apple orchard for $4.9m. This initial purchase consisted of approximately
47 hectares, with an annualised year one income of $635k. Settlement of the property included consideration of 2,215,190
shares. The next property is scheduled for settlement in September 2025.
The average weighted lease term and yield for FY24 acquisitions is 24.4 years and 7.8%, respectively (by lease value).

Following these transactions, NZL now owns 17,503 hectares of rural land (25% of which is owned by Roc) with a 12.5 year
WALT (by lease value) and 100% occupancy across nine tenants. The new properties add meaningful sector, income and
tenant diversification to NZL’s portfolio, with forestry and horticulture now holding a 32% and 8% proportion of the company’s
annual lease income.

CPI Adjustments

NZL benefits from CPI adjustments for all of its properties and has received CPI adjusted rental payments from all 18
properties due for review in FY24. Most of NZL’s dairy assets (37.3% of NZL’s rent) had rental reviews effective in mid-2024,
which resulted in CPI linked rental increases of +18.6%, a further 26.5% of NZL’s portfolio was subject to a +4.0% increase on
15 April 2024. Reflecting this the portfolio’s total lease value has increased by ~$1.56m or +7.6%. NZL’s dairy leases undergo
CPI review every three years, in contrast to its horticultural and forestry leases which undergo CPI review annually.

Dividend and Share Buyback Programme

NZL reinstated dividend payments and paid an interim dividend of 1.46 cps. NZL will pay a final dividend of 2.54 cps in April
2025 resulting in a total FY24 dividend of 4.00 cps representing ~80% of FY24 AFFO.

NZL’s intention has always been to pay regular semi-annual dividends. NZL’s amended dividend policy targets a pay-out of
60% - 90% of AFFO. The pay-out range grants the company greater flexibility to deploy NZL’s cash operating earnings in ways
considered most beneficial to increasing shareholder value.

The company maintains a selective on-market share buyback programme. During the period NZL repurchased a total of
88,804 shares at an average price of $0.89 per share. Under the programme 710,131 shares have been acquired as at the date
of this announcement.

Outlook and Subsequent Events

NZL’s strategy is to own quality rural land in New Zealand; growing a diverse portfolio while delivering attractive risk-adjusted
returns as a ground lessor. Recent acquisitions are delivering on this strategy.

The outlook for agriculture is positive with property prices forecast to continue increasing and higher commodity prices
improving the servicing ability of NZL’s tenants.

NZL’s leases incorporate regular CPI reviews. That means inflation results in rental growth. NZL is also protected from inflation-
impacted, and all other operational on-farm costs by owning only the land.

Post the most recent acquisitions and Roc transaction, NZL forecasts FY25 AFFO of between $7.5m and $8.0m, this excludes
earnings from properties with put/call arrangements in place (~$1.4m).

Subsequent to balance date NZL settled a transaction which involved the acquisition of land from an existing tenant for
approximately $15.5 million. As consideration, NZL transfered two properties held for sale and cash to the tenant. This
transaction sees NZL receive increased rental revenue.

This transaction was settled on 7 March 2025.

Rob Campbell
Chair




                                                                                                          NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                           4
S EC T I O N   2                 STATUTORY
                                 INFORMATION
  for the period ended 31 December 2024



  DIRECTORS

  NZL’s shareholders elect Directors to look after their interests. Directors are expected to:

  •            Ensure the strategic goals of NZL are clearly established and strategies are in place to achieve them;

  •            Approve and monitor NZL’s financial statements, corporate governance and other reporting, including reporting to
               Shareholders and other stakeholders in accordance with its statutory functions;

  •            Establish procedures and systems to promote a culture and remuneration practice within NZL which facilitates the
               recruitment, professional development and retention of staff;

  •            Ensure that NZL has appropriate risk management and regulatory compliance policies in place and monitor the integrity of
               these policies;

  •            Familiarise itself with issues of concern to Shareholders and significant Stakeholders, including customers, staff, lessee’s
               and the community; and

  •            Monitor the performance of NZL’s Manager.

  Rob Campbell, appointed in September 2020, has more than 40 years’ experience in investment management and corporate
  governance. He is the Chair of Ara Ake and Chancellor of Auckland University of Technology. Rob trained as an economist and
  has worked in a variety of capital market advisory and governance roles over a long period.

  Sarah Kennedy, appointed in September 2020, is the Founder and Managing Director of Calocurb Limited, a bioactive developed
  by Plant and Food Research selling internationally. She is the former CEO of Lifestream International, a New Zealand-owned
  company specialising in bioavailable, ethical, plant-based health foods. Sarah has also been chief executive of Designer Textiles
  International. From 2011 to 2014, she held a number of senior roles with Fonterra, such as vice president of international farming
  based in China, managing director of dairy nutrition, and managing director of RD1 — Fonterra’s chain of rural retail stores.
  Before that, Sarah was managing director of Healtheries/Vitaco for a decade. Sarah is a veterinarian by training.

  Christopher Swasbrook, appointed in September 2020, is one of the founders of New Zealand Rural Land Company and New
  Zealand Rural Land Management. He is also the Founder and Director of Elevation Capital Funds Management Limited. He
  was previously a Partner of Goldman Sachs JBWere Pty, co-head of institutional equities at Goldman Sachs JBWere (NZ) and a
  foundation broker of the NZX. He has been a board member of the Financial Markets Authority since 2019. He is also Chair and
  Director of the Auckland Future Fund, Chair of Bethunes Investments Limited, Executive Chair of McCashin’s Brewery Limited,
  Chair of the Auckland Art Gallery Advisory Board and Chair of The Helen Clark Foundation.

  Tia Greenaway, appointed in September 2021, is the CFO for Tupu Angitu Ltd, the commercial arm of Lake Taupō Forest Trust.
  Tia has broad experience in the Māori sector and holds various roles on Iwi and Ahu Whenua Trusts and Committees operating
  mainly in farming, forestry and property management. Tia is a member of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand,
  has a background in climate change mitigation and adaptation and is passionate about improving well-being outcomes for our
  taiao and our communities.




                                                                                                                  NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                   5
 SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, AND GOVERNANCE

NZL and its tenants share a vision of sustainable practices. These include practices that enhance the health and well-being of
the natural environment, animals and communities connected to the land. NZL is prioritising working with tenants who share
these values. Additionally, NZL and its tenants agree to binding sustainability pledges in leases. Under the Financial Markets
Conduct Act 2013 NZL is a climate reporting entity. In order to comply with the Act NZL must prepare climate reporting within
four months of the Company's balance date. The Company's climate statement is currently being prepared and when complete
will be available on NZL's website, www.nzrlc.co.nz on or before 30 April 2025.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board is committed to the highest standard of corporate governance as established by recognised best practice. The
Board is responsible for establishing and implementing NZL’s corporate governance frameworks. NZL’s corporate governance
practices have been prepared in accordance with the Financial Markets Authority’s Corporate Governance Handbook, the
requirements of the NZX Listing Rules, and, except where specifically stated otherwise in this Report, the recommendations in
the NZX Corporate Governance Code (NZX Code).

The Board has implemented governance principles and processes to establish, shape and maintain appropriate governance
standards and behaviours throughout NZL that align with the NZX Code. The adoption of governance principles ensures that
the Board act in accordance with agreed standards of ethical and moral behaviour, including observing NZL’s Code of Ethics.

Copies of NZL’s key corporate governance documents, including NZL’s Board Charter and Code of Ethics, are available at NZL
Policy Documents & Constitution section of NZL’s website: www.nzrlc.co.nz/company-policy-documents.

This statement was approved by the Board on 28 March 2025, and was accurate as at that date.

Corporate Governance Structure

The Board are elected by Shareholders of NZL. The Board has overall responsibility for the governance of NZL, while the day-
to-day management of NZL has been delegated to the Manager. The respective roles of the Board and the Manager within this
corporate governance structure are summarised below.

Role of the Board

The primary role of the Board is to approve and monitor the strategic direction of NZL that is recommended by the Manager and
to add long-term value to NZL’s shares, whilst having appropriate regard to the interests of all material Stakeholders. Further
information on the Board’s role and responsibilities is set out in the Board Charter.

Board Committees

The Board may establish a committee to consider certain issues and functions in more detail. The Board retains ultimate
responsibility for the functions of its committees and determines their responsibilities. The Board has established two standing
committees, and other committees may be established on a case-by-case basis where the Board considers it appropriate to do
so.

Audit and Risk Committee

The Board has established an Audit and Risk Committee (Sarah Kennedy (Chair), Rob Campbell and Tia Greenaway), with the
role of overseeing financial reporting, accounting policies, financial management, and internal control systems. The Audit and
Risk Committee responsibilities are outlined in the Audit and Risk Committee Charter available on NZL’s website.

Remuneration Committee

The Board has established a Remuneration Committee (Rob Campbell (Chair) and Sarah Kennedy), with the role of recommending
Director remuneration packages to Shareholders. The Remuneration Committee responsibilities are outlined in the Remuneration
Committee Charter available on NZL’s website. NZL also has a Remuneration Policy applicable to Directors available on its
website. NZL does not have a Remuneration Policy for executives because executive functions are performed by the Manager,
and therefore NZL does not employ any executives. For the same reason, there are no disclosures in relation to the Chief
Executive Officer remuneration arrangements.



                                                                                                       NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                        6
    SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION



Board Membership

The Board shall comprise of at least three Directors, with at least two independent Directors, and an intention that one
Director is nominated and appointed as a representative of the Manager. The composition of the Board reflects the duties and
responsibilities it is required to perform in setting NZL’s strategy and ensuring it is implemented.

At the date of this Annual Report, the Board comprises four Directors (three independent Directors and one non-independent
Director).

Independence

The Board Charter of NZL sets out the standards for determining whether a Director is independent for the purposes of service
on the Board and committees. These standards reflect the requirements of the NZX Listing Rules. A Director is independent if
the Board affirmatively determines that the Director has satisfied these standards. As at 31 December 2024, Sarah Kennedy, Tia
Greenaway and Rob Campbell are considered by the board to be independent directors. They are considered to be independent
due to the following factors:

•     They are non-executive directors who are not substantial shareholders and who are free of any interest, business or other
      relationship that would materially interfere with, or could reasonably be seen to materially interfere with, the independent
      exercise of their judgement;

•     They have not been employed or retained, within the last three years, to provide material professional services to the
      Company;

•     Within the last 12 months, they were not a partner, director, senior executive or material shareholder of a firm that provided
      material professional services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and

•     None of these directors:

      Ղ   have been, within the last three years, a material supplier to the Company or have any other material contractual
          relationship with the Company or another group member other than as a director of the Company;

      Ղ   receive performance-based remuneration from, or participates in, an employee share scheme of the Company; and

      Ղ   control, or is an executive or other representative of an entity which controls, 5% or more of the Company’s voting
          securities.

Christopher Swasbrook is a non-Independent Director because of his service provider role with the Manager.

Tenure

Directors are not appointed for fixed terms. However, the Constitution and the NZX Listing Rules require all Directors to stand
for re-election at the third annual meeting after appointment or after three years (whichever is longer). A Director appointed by
the Board to fill a casual vacancy must also stand for election at the following annual meeting.

Board and Committee Meetings

The Board and committee meetings and attendance in the year to 31 December 2024 are set out below:


    Attendee                         Board Meetings       Audit and Risk Committee          Remuneration Committee

    Rob Campbell                          9/9                        2/3                                1/1

    Sarah Kennedy                         9/9                        3/3                                1/1

    Christopher Swasbrook                 9/9                          -                                1/1

    Tia Greenaway                         9/9                        3/3                                1/1




                                                                                                              NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                               7
    SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION



Independent Professional Advice

Directors are entitled to seek independent professional advice on any aspect of the Directors’ duties at NZL’s expense, with the
approval of the Chair.

During the period no instances have arisen whereby a Board committee or individual director has needed to seek independent
legal or financial advice. However, the Board has access to appropriate internal and external expertise to support board
assurance activities:

•    All executives of the Manager have direct access to the Board and each of the Directors;

•    The external Audit Firm Lead Partner has direct access to the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, and has “Board only”
     time without management present at Audit and Risk Committee meetings; and

•    The Board has directly sought expert external valuation, corporate finance, tax, and legal advice as required.

Board Assessment

The Board undertook a Board performance review in November 2024. As a result of this survey, the Board agreed a number of
actions to address key areas identified for improvement.

Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

While acting in their capacities as Directors, NZL provides indemnity and insurance cover for Directors to the fullest extent
permitted by law. As permitted by its Constitution, NZL has entered into a deed of indemnity, insurance and access indemnifying
each Director for potential liabilities, losses, costs and expenses they may incur for acts or omissions in their capacity as Director,
and agreeing to effect directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for those persons, in each case subject to the limitations set out
in the Companies Act 1993.

Role of New Zealand Rural Land Management Limited Partnership

The day-to-day management responsibilities for NZL have been delegated to the Manager under a long-term Management
Agreement. The Management Agreement details a comprehensive list of the Manager’s duties and responsibilities, and the fees
payable to the Manager (which are summarised in the Financial Statements at page 36 of this report). Under the Management
Agreement, the Manager is responsible for the:

•    Management and administration of NZL including secretariat services;

•    Management of properties owned by NZL;

•    Sourcing of sale and purchase opportunities, including overseeing the due diligence and execution processes;

•    Operation of lease arrangements;

•    Communication with investors; and

•    Administration of dividends and distributions.

Manager Performance

A key role of the Board is to monitor the performance of the Manager. NZL benefits from having a management team with a
great breadth and depth of skills, however the Board recognises that the interests of the Manager and the interests of NZL’s
Shareholders have the potential to conflict.

The Board is responsible for identifying, assessing and resolving any potential conflicts in relation to NZL’s structure, NZL’s
adopted strategies and the resulting potential fees payable to the Manager. Any matters to be considered under the Management
Agreement by NZL are considered and determined by the independent Directors on the Board. Where the Board must vote
on any matter relating to the Manager, Chris Swasbrook is interested and must not vote on that matter given his historical
relationship with the Manager.




                                                                                                             NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                              8
 SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION



Diversity

NZL has a Diversity Policy, which describes NZL’s approach to diversity and inclusion. NZL believes that building and celebrating
diversity in the workplace creates an inclusive workplace culture and delivers enhanced business performance. The Diversity
Policy applies to the Board and the Manager and should be read in conjunction with NZL’s Code of Ethics and all other policies
that cover areas such as values, culture and employee expectations. A copy of the Diversity Policy is available on NZL’s website.

In accordance with the Company’s Diversity Policy, NZL has evaluated its performance against the measurable objectives
established under the governance section of the Company’s Sustainability Programme. These relate to the Board of Directors
because NZL does not employ any staff. NZL has successfully met its diversity targets in relation to both director independence
and gender diversity and, while not having specific targets, has noted that there is also diversity of both age and ethnicity among
the directors.

The following table provides a quantitative breakdown as at 31 December 2024 as to the gender composition of the Board:


                                          31 December 2024                                    31 December 2023

                               Female            Male           % Female           Female             Male                   % Female

  Board                           2                2               50%                2                 2                        50%

  Officers                        0                 1               0%                0                 1                         0%



NZX Corporate Governance Code

NZL considers that during the year ended 31 December 2024, NZL materially complied with the Code. NZL does deviate from
the Code, by not having a formally established Nominations Committee. Given the current nature and structure of NZL, the
Board considers the matters related to nominations are best undertaken by the entire Board.

Risk Management

The Audit and Risk Committee ensures that NZL fulfils its responsibilities in all matters related to risk management. The
Committee is responsible for overseeing financial reporting, accounting policies, financial management and internal control
systems. Formal control and reporting processes have been introduced to ensure the Board is properly and regularly informed
on corporate financial matters.

NZl’s key risks as a land owner are identified, scored and reported to the Board as part of NZL’s Enduring Land Programme. These
are broadly categorised under environmental, economic, social, and animal welfare categories. More detail on this programme
can be found at www.nzrlc.co.nz/sustainability. Health and Safety risks are managed and reported to the Board in accordance
with NZL’s Health and Safety Management Plan. Other risks that may impact NZL’s value (including land value, tenant financial
capacity, access to capital, unbudgeted capex, and forestry regulation) are assessed by the Manager and reported to the Board
with appropriate recommendations. A number of these risk are reflected in NZL’s Corporate Policies such as the Acquisitions,
Tenant and Leasing Policy, Capital Management Policy, and Dividend Policy.

Health & Safety

NZL owns farming property and leases it to tenants, and the Manager manages the lease arrangement on behalf of NZL. This
scenario creates overlapping health and safety duties for the properties. NZL, the Manager, and the tenant have carefully
considered each parties’ ability to influence and control health and safety matters, and put in place a Health and Safety
programme via a Overlapping Duties Agreement on each farm. This takes into account who has control over work activity,
control of the workplace and control over workers, and allocates in a detailed register responsibilities based on who is in the
best position to control, influence and manage each health and safety obligation to ensure successful implementation and avoid
duplication of efforts.

NZL considers Health and Safety a key feature of the Social Sustainability pillar of NZL's overarching Sustainability Programme.




                                                                                                            NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                             9
 SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION



Directors’ Relevant Interests

As at 31 December 2024, the Directors of NZL who have relevant interests (as defined in the Financial Market Conduct Act 2013)
in quoted financial products of NZL are as follows:
 NZL Ordinary Shares                    Beneficial Interests                 Non-beneficial Interests

  Rob Campbell                                 957,629                                   -

  Sarah Kennedy                                 45,747                                   -

  Christopher Swasbrook                        350,000                              2,876,953

  Tia Greenaway                                 8,271                                    -


As at 31 December 2024, the Directors of NZL held, in aggregate, 2.97% of NZL’s ordinary shares.

Directors disclosed the following acquisitions and disposals of relevant interests in NZL shares during the year ended 31
December 2024 pursuant to section 148 of the Companies Act 1993:

                                                                                      Non-beneficial
                                Beneficial interests           Change                                             Change
                                                                                         Interests
 NZL Ordinary Shares            as at 31 December         from 31 December                                   from 31 December
                                                                                    as at 31 December
                                       2024                     2023                                               2023
                                                                                           2024

  Rob Campbell                        957,629                   +15,629                      -                             -

  Sarah Kennedy                       45,747                     +747                        -                             -

  Christopher Swasbrook              350,000                   -1,260,000                2,876,953                  +170,453

  Tia Greenaway                        8,271                     +135                        -                             -

Interests Register

The following are the relevant interests of the Directors of NZL and its subsidiaries:

Rob Campbell

Director of Ara Ake Limited
Chancellor of Auckland University of Technology
Director of RC Custodian Limited
Director of LamCam Limited

Sarah Kennedy

Founder and Managing Director of Calocurb Limited
Director Lanaco Limited

Christopher Swasbrook

Chair of Auckland Future Fund
Director of Bethunes Investments Limited (in liquidation)
Director of Elevation Capital Funds Management Limited (ECML):
    •    Director and Shareholder
    •    Through ECML, Chris Swasbrook acts as a financial adviser to Clyde and Rena Holland and indirectly receives
         financial benefits from advising them. Clyde and Rena Holland are substantial shareholders of the Company.
Director and shareholder of CGS & CVS Limited
Director and shareholder of CGS & CVS Limited No.2 Limited
Swasbrook Securities Limited
    •    Director and shareholder
    •    Services contract with New Zealand Rural Land Management Limited Partnership


                                                                                                        NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                         10
 SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION



Executive Chair McCashins Brewery Limited
Chair of Auckland Art Gallery Advisory Board
Chair of The Helen Clark Foundation
Board Member of Financial Markets Authority
Director of Merx Trust Management Limited (from 1 April 2025)

Tia Greenaway

Member of New Zealand Maori Tourism Audit and Risk Committee
Trustee of Ngati Tutemohuta Charitable Trust
Committee Member of Opepe Investment Committee
Director of Piata Horizons Limited
Member of Rongowhakaata Iwi Trust Audit Risk and Finance Committee
Responsible Trustee of Tauhara Middle 14 Trust
Responsible Trustee of Tauhara Middle Lands Trust
Chief Financial Officer Tupu Angitu
Te Iho Tahi Investment Committee

Directors’ Remuneration

The remuneration paid to NZL and its subsidiaries’ Directors in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024 was as follows
(these amounts exclude GST, where appropriate):

 Director                               Year to 31 December 2024 (NZD)

  Rob Campbell                                       97,500

  Sarah Kennedy                                      65,000

  Christopher Swasbrook                                Nil*

  Tia Greenaway                                      65,000

  Total                                              227,500

Directors also receive reimbursement for reasonable travelling, accommodation and other expenses incurred in the course of
performing their duties. The Company has no specific policy on whether or not to pay directors additional fees for the provision
of additional services. However, the Company did not pay any additional fees to any Director for the provision of additional
services.

Directors do not receive any retirement benefits, and do not receive share options. Whist NZL strongly encourages NZL share
ownership to support shareholder alignment, it is not compulsory given that personal circumstances may mean share ownership
is not appropriate or achievable.

Any proposed increases in non-executive Director fees will be put to shareholders for approval. At that time a Fee Pool will also
be proposed to shareholders for approval (a fee pool has not been required because director fees were established prior to
listing on NZX). If independent advice is sought by the Board, it will be disclosed to shareholders as part of the approval process.




* Swasbrook Securities Limited, a company controlled by Christopher Swasbrook, is party to a services agreement with the
Manager. Under the services contract Swasbrook Securities Limited receives remuneration from the Manager including for
Chris Swasbrook acting as a director of NZL. Consequently NZL does not pay Christopher Swasbrook directors fees itself.


                                                                                                          NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                           11
 SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION



The following Board skills matrix outlines the qualifications, capabilities, geographical location, tenure and gender of each
member of the Board:

 The following Board skills matrix outlines the qualifications,
 capabilities, geographical location, tenure and gender of         Rob Campbell       Chris Swasbrook     Sarah Kennedy             Tia Greenaway
 each member of the Board
                                                                       CNZM,
                                                                                                         BVSc (Dist), MIT         MPA (Accounting),
 Director Qualification                                             BA (Hons),        BCom (Economics)
                                                                                                         Sloan Fellowship               CA
                                                                  MPhil (Economics)
 Strategic knowledge of rural investments                               Yes                 Yes                 Yes                          Yes
 Strategic knowledge of funds management businesses                     Yes                 Yes                 No                           No

 Financial                                                              Yes                 Yes                 Yes                         Yes
 Risk management/regulatory                                             Yes                 Yes                 No                          Yes
 Sustainability                                                          No                 No                  Yes                         Yes
 Legal                                                                   No                 No                  Yes                         Yes
 People leadership and culture                                          Yes                 Yes                 Yes                         Yes
 Listed company governance                                              Yes                 Yes                 Yes                          No
 Capital markets                                                        Yes                 Yes                 Yes                          No
 Geographic location                                                  Auckland            Auckland           Auckland                     Taupo
 Tenure (years)                                                      51 Months           51 Months           51 Months                 39 Months
 Gender                                                                 Male               Male               Female                      Female

Employee Remuneration

NZL, including its subsidiaries, have no employees. NZL is managed by the Manager under the Management Agreement. Details
of the fees paid to the Manager are included in the Financial Statements on page 36.

Subsidiaries

NZL has four subsidiaries. The following people were directors of NZL's subsidiary companies in the year to 31 December
2024. These companies are all New Zealand incorporated companies. Except where shown NZL's ownership interest in these
companies as at 31 December 2024 was 100%
 Subsidiary                                                                              Directors

   NZRLC Dairy Holdings Limited                                      R Campbell, C Swasbrook, S Kennedy, T Greenaway

   SSP NI Limited                                                                       C Swasbrook

   New Zealand Rural Land Investments GP Limited (75%)                  R Campbell, S Kennedy, T Greenaway, B Mytton

   New Zealand Rural Land Investments LP Limited (75%)                  R Campbell, S Kennedy, T Greenaway, B Mytton

   NZRLC LP Nominee Limited                                                             R Campbell

Donations

NZL, including its subsidiaries, did not make any donations during the six months ended 31 December 2024. NZL has a policy
of not making political donations.

Dividends Paid

NZL paid an interim dividend of 1.46 cps. and will pay a final dividend of 2.54 cps in April 2025 resulting in a total FY24 dividend
of 4.00 cps.

Company Secretariat Services

Company Secretariat Services are provided by the Manager. The Manager manages the independence of Company Secretariat
Services via oversight from the Manager’s Board of Directors. The Board of the Manager does not consist of any NZL Directors.

Auditors

The Audit and Risk Committee reviews the quality and cost of the audit undertaken by the NZL’s external auditors and provides
a formal channel of communication between the Board, senior management and external auditors.

                                                                                                                       NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                        12
SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION

The Audit and Risk Committee approves the auditor’s terms of engagement, audit partner rotation (at least every five years)
and audit fee, and reviews and provides feedback in respect of the annual audit plan. The Board is aware that a lengthy audit
firm tenure has the potential to compromise auditor independence, and therefore will rotate the audit firm after 10 years unless
on balance it is not in the interests of NZL to do so. The Committee periodically has time with the external auditor without
management present. The Audit and Risk Committee also assesses the auditor’s independence on an annual basis.

An External Auditor Independence Policy has been adopted and sets out the services that may or may not be performed by the
external auditor.

William Buck was appointed as external auditor for NZL on 15 November 2023 and Darren Wright was appointed as Lead Audit
Partner on the same date.

All audit work is fully separated from non-audit services, to ensure that appropriate independence is maintained. The amount of
fees paid to William Buck for audit work in FY24 are identified in note 22 of the consolidated financial statements. At the 2024
Annual Meeting shareholders authorised the Directors to fix the auditor’s fees and expenses for the ensuing year.

William Buck has provided the Audit and Risk Management Committee with written confirmation that, in its view, it was able to
operate independently during the year.

William Buck attended the 2024 Annual Shareholders' meeting and were available to answer any questions.

No non-audit services were provided by William Buck.

NZX Waivers

The Company applied for and was granted a waiver from NZX Listing Rule 5.2.1 during the year ended 31 December 2024. A
copy of the waiver can be found in the "Investors" section of NZL's website www.nzrlc.co.nz/nzx-announcements.

Credit Rating

NZL does not have a credit rating.

Substantial Product Holders

The following information is pursuant to section 293 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. The total number of voting
securities of NZL on issue as at 31 December 2024 was 142,953,801. According to notices received by NZL, the following
persons were substantial product holders in NZL as at 14 March 2025:

 Ordinary shares                                                                                           Number held

  ANZ New Zealand Investments Limited, ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited and ANZ Custodial
                                                                                                             15,929,969
  Services New Zealand Limited

  Clyde and Rena Holland                                                                                     12,247,439

  Accident Compensation Corporation                                                                          10,683,518

  FirstCape Group                                                                                             8,795,622

Spread of Shareholders

The spread of the Shareholders of NZL as at 14 March 2025 is as follows:

 Number of Shares             Number of Holders         Total Shares Held       Percentage (%)

  1 - 1,000                           136                     90,967                  0.06

  1,001 – 5,000                       368                    1,047,762                0.73

  5,001 – 10,000                      232                    1,762,226                1.23

  10,001 – 50,000                     362                   7,826,446                 5.47

  50,001 – 100,000                    63                    4,445,297                 3.12

  100,001 and over                    83                    127,781,103               89.39

  Total                              1,244                 142,953,801               100.00


                                                                                                       NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                        13
SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION



Spread of Warrant Holders

The spread of the Warrant Holders of NZL as at 14 March 2025 is as follows:

 Number of Warrants               Number of Holders         Total Warrants Held        Percentage (%)

  1 - 1,000                               243                       106,112                   1.33

  1,001 – 5,000                           150                     343,296                     4.29

  5,001 – 10,000                          27                        177,461                   2.22

  10,001 – 50,000                         21                      528,809                     6.61

  50,001 – 100,000                         6                      460,349                     5.76

  100,001 and over                         8                     6,380,200                   79.79

  Total                                   455                    7,996,227                   100.00

Twenty Largest Shareholders

The twenty largest Shareholders of NZL as at 14 March 2025 are as follows:

 Shareholders                                                                 Number held

  New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited                                       20,565,651

  Accident Compensation Corporation                                            10,683,518

  Premier Nominees Limited                                                      10,061,157

  TEA Custodians Limited                                                        8,435,168

  B J Lindsay & J J Parsonson & W D Anderson & S M Palmer                      6,533,333

  Custodial Services Limited                                                   6,446,397

  HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                           5,176,506

  MFL Mutual Fund Limited                                                      4,734,005

  FNZ Custodians Limited                                                        4,159,266

  Janice Catherine Walker & Sonya Jane Walker & Duncan Varhan Fea              4,000,000

  New Zealand Depository Nominee                                               3,632,664

  Allied Farmers Limited                                                       3,423,630

  Wairahi Investments Limited                                                  2,600,000

  Custodial Services Limited                                                    2,477,306

  FNZ Custodians Limited                                                        2,049,491

  DFS Investment Partners LLC                                                   1,950,790

  Investment Custodial Services Limited                                         1,760,581

  Clyde Parker and Rena Holland                                                 1,336,356

  Premier Nominees Limited                                                      1,122,807

  JP Morgan Chase Bank                                                          1,094,296




                                                                                                        NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                         14
SECTION 2. STATUTORY INFORMATION



Twenty Largest Warrant Holders

The twenty largest Warrant Holders of NZL as at 14 March 2025 are as follows:

 Warrant Holders                                                     Number held

  Accident Compensation Corporation                                     1,636,731

  B J Lindsay & J J Parsonson & W D Anderson & S M Palmer               1,044,444

  Premier Nominees Limited                                              854,965

  MFL Mutual Fund Limited                                               515,502

  Custodial Services Limited                                            329,156

  New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited                                299,999

  HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                   243,013

  FNZ Custodians Limited                                                220,871

  TEA Custodians Limited                                                204,985

  New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited                                196,334

  Custodial Services Limited                                             172,333

  FNZ Custodians Limited                                                 131,436

  Public Trust RIF Nominees Limited                                      122,991

  John Albert Galt                                                       119,072

  Christina Dietzsch Kley                                                116,667

  Elizabeth Beatty Benjamin & Michael Murray Benjamin                   100,000

  Philip Bowman                                                          91,667

  Elevation Capital Limited                                              83,606

  New Zealand Depository Nominee                                         78,887

  Graeme Arthur Cleary                                                   56,333




                                                                                    NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                     15
SECTION   3               Financial
                          Statements
          EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
          ŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐΖƌĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďŝůŝƚǇƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚ



          dŚĞĚŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐĂƌĞƉůĞĂƐĞĚƚŽƉƌĞƐĞŶƚƚŚĞ auditedĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŽĨEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐ
          ƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐĨŽƌƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͘


          dŚĞŽĂƌĚŽĨŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐŽĨEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƵƚŚŽƌŝƐĞĚƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĨŽƌŝƐƐƵĞŽŶ27 March 2025.




          &ŽƌĂŶĚŽŶďĞŚĂůĨŽĨƚŚĞŽĂƌĚ




          Rob Campbell                                                                            Sarah Kennedy

          ŝƌĞĐƚŽƌ                                                                                 ŝƌĞĐƚŽƌ




                                                                                                                        NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                         16
 EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
 ŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ
 &ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

                                                                                                                   ϮϬϮϰ                             ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                       EŽƚĞƐ                     ΨΖϬϬϬ                          ΨΖϬϬϬ



 ZĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                                          ϴ      ϭϵ͕ϴϲϵ ϭϱ͕ϯϱϬ
 dŽƚĂůƌĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                                           ϭϵ͕ϴϲϵ ϭϱ͕ϯϱϬ

 >ĞƐƐŽǀĞƌŚĞĂĚĐŽƐƚƐ
 ŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐĨĞĞƐ                                                                        Ϯϯ͘Ϯ                      ;ϮϮϳͿ                       ;ϮϮϳͿ
 /ŶƐƵƌĂŶĐĞ                                                                                                        ;ϴϳͿ                         ;ϴϱͿ
 ^ŚĂƌĞŚŽůĚĞƌƌĞŐŝƐƚƌǇĂŶĚĐŽŵŵƵŶŝĐĂƚŝŽŶƐ                                                                          ;ϳϰͿ                         ;ϵϱͿ
 DĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĨĞĞƐ                                                                       Ϯϯ͘ϭ                    ;ϭ͕ϰϬϳͿ                    ;ϭ͕ϬϯϵͿ
 ZĞƉĂŝƌƐĂŶĚŵĂŝŶƚĞŶĂŶĐĞ                                                                                         ;ϯϵϲͿ                       ;ϭϭϳͿ
 WƌŽĨĞƐƐŝŽŶĂů͕ĐŽŶƐƵůƚŝŶŐĂŶĚůŝƐƚŝŶŐĨĞĞƐ                                                                       ;ϲϴϲͿ                       ;ϯϴϬͿ
 WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞ                                                                       Ϯϯ͘ϭ                      ;ϲϲϬͿ                       ;ϵϬϭͿ
 ^ĞƚƚůĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶ                                                                                  ;ϭϲϬͿ Ͳ
 KƚŚĞƌ                                                                                                            ;ϯϴͿ                         ;ϭϰͿ
 dŽƚĂůŽǀĞƌŚĞĂĚĐŽƐƚƐ                                                                                          ;ϯ͕ϳϯϱͿ                    ;Ϯ͕ϴϱϴͿ

 WƌŽĨŝƚďĞĨŽƌĞŶĞƚĨŝŶĂŶĐĞĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ͕ŽƚŚĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĂŶĚŝŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆ                                ϭϲ͕ϭϯϰ ϭϮ͕ϰϵϮ

 &ŝŶĂŶĐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                                                Ϯ͕ϱϱϬ ϭ͕ϴϳϵ
 &ŝŶĂŶĐĞĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ                                                                                             ;ϭϬ͕ϴϬϴͿ                     ;ϭϭ͕ϯϴϴͿ
 EĞƚĨŝŶĂŶĐĞĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ                                                                    ϵ                      ;ϴ͕ϮϱϴͿ                      ;ϵ͕ϱϬϵͿ

 WƌŽĨŝƚďĞĨŽƌĞŽƚŚĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĂŶĚŝŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆ                                                     ϳ͕ϴϳϲ Ϯ͕ϵϴϯ

 KƚŚĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞ
 ŚĂŶŐĞŝŶĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ                                          ϲ      Ϯϯ͕ϴϱϵ ϳ͕ϯϴϴ
 DŽǀĞŵĞŶƚŝŶƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐ                                       ϭϴ                      ;ϳ͕ϳϮϰͿ Ͳ
 KƚŚĞƌ                                                                                         ϰϳ Ͳ
 dŽƚĂůŽƚŚĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                                            ϭϲ͕ϭϴϮ ϳ͕ϯϴϴ

 WƌŽĨŝƚďĞĨŽƌĞƚĂǆ                                                                             Ϯϰ͕Ϭϱϴ ϭϬ͕ϯϳϭ

 /ŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆ;ĞǆƉĞŶƐĞͿͬďĞŶĞĨŝƚ                                                        ϭϬ͘ϭ                       ;ϵϳϵͿ ϰϴϯ

 EĞƚƉƌŽĨŝƚ                                                                                    Ϯϯ͕Ϭϳϵ ϭϬ͕ϴϱϰ

 KƚŚĞƌĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                                    Ͳ Ͳ

 dŽƚĂůĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĨŽƌƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ                                                     Ϯϯ͕Ϭϳϵ ϭϬ͕ϴϱϰ

                                                                                                                 ĞŶƚƐ                      ĞŶƚƐ
 ĂƐŝĐĂŶĚĚŝůƵƚĞĚĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ                                                   Ϯϴ     ϭϲ͘ϰϳ ϴ͘Ϭϲ




dŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞƚŽďĞƌĞĂĚŝŶĐŽŶũƵŶĐƚŝŽŶǁŝƚŚƚŚĞĂĐĐŽŵƉĂŶǇŝŶŐŶŽƚĞƐ                                                                   ϯ
                                                                                                                  NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                             17
 EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
 ŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƉŽƐŝƚŝŽŶ
 ƐĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

                                                                                                                    ϮϬϮϰ                              ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                       EŽƚĞƐ                       ΨΖϬϬϬ                           ΨΖϬϬϬ

 ƵƌƌĞŶƚĂƐƐĞƚƐ
 ĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐ                                                              ϭϭ     ϱ͕ϱϮϬ ϭ͕Ϯϱϴ
 ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                      ϭϰ     ϭϱϭ Ͳ
 dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐ                                                            ϭϮ     ϭ͕ϳϲϵ ϯϳϴ
 ƵƌƌĞŶƚƚĂǆƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ                                                                         Ͳ ϳ
 ƐƐĞƚƐŚĞůĚĨŽƌƐĂůĞ                                                                  ϳ      ϭϭ͕ϯϱϱ Ͳ
 dŽƚĂůĐƵƌƌĞŶƚĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                          ϭϴ͕ϳϵϱ ϭ͕ϲϰϯ

 EŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚĂƐƐĞƚƐ
 /ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ                                                                  ϲ       ϰϬϬ͕ϰϰϴ ϯϰϲ͕Ϯϴϭ
 >ŽĂŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ                                                                        ϭϯ     Ϯϭ͕ϲϴϱ ϮϬ͕ϯϲϯ
 ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                   ϭϬ͘Ϯ    ϱϱϮ ϭ͕ϯϵϴ
 ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                      ϭϰ     ϯϱϮ ϳϭ
 KƚŚĞƌŶŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                      ϭϬϭ ϳϱ
 dŽƚĂůŶŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                       ϰϮϯ͕ϭϯϴ ϯϲϴ͕ϭϴϴ

 dŽƚĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                  ϰϰϭ͕ϵϯϯ ϯϲϵ͕ϴϯϭ

 ƵƌƌĞŶƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ
 dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ                                                               ϭϱ     ϯ͕ϭϱϳ ϭ͕ϬϵϬ
 ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ                                                                             ϭϲ     ϰϳ͕ϭϬϭ Ϯϵ͕ϱϬϬ
 ŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶ                                                                       ϭϳ      Ͳ ϭϭ͕ϵϴϬ
 ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                 ϭϰ     ϭϮϵ Ͳ
 KƚŚĞƌĐƵƌƌĞŶƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                     ϭϲϵ ϭϲϵ
 dŽƚĂůĐƵƌƌĞŶƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                     ϱϬ͕ϱϱϲ ϰϮ͕ϳϯϵ

 EŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ
 ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ                                                                             ϭϲ     ϴϰ͕ϭϬϲ       ϭϬϰ͕ϬϬϬ
 ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                 ϭϰ     Ϯ͕ϯϰϮ      Ͳ
 ZĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐ                                                   ϭϴ     ϳϱ͕ϳϵϳ       Ͳ
 dŽƚĂůŶŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                  ϭϲϮ͕Ϯϰϱ        ϭϬϰ͕ϬϬϬ

 dŽƚĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                             ϮϭϮ͕ϴϬϭ ϭϰϲ͕ϳϯϵ

 EĞƚĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                    ϮϮϵ͕ϭϯϮ ϮϮϯ͕ϬϵϮ

 ^ŚĂƌĞĐĂƉŝƚĂů                                                                          ϭϵ      ϭϲϭ͕Ϭϲϴ ϭϱϳ͕ϰϭϵ
 ^ŚĂƌĞďĂƐĞĚƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƌĞƐĞƌǀĞ                                                            Ϯϭ     ϲϲϬ ϵϬϭ
 ZĞƚĂŝŶĞĚĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐ                                                                             ϲϳ͕ϰϬϰ ϲϰ͕ϳϳϮ
 dŽƚĂůĞƋƵŝƚǇ                                                                                   ϮϮϵ͕ϭϯϮ ϮϮϯ͕ϬϵϮ

                                                                                                                       Ψ                        Ψ
 EĞƚƐƐĞƚƐsĂůƵĞ;EsͿƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ                                                      Ϯϱ͘Ϯ    ϭ͘ϲϬϮϴ ϭ͘ϲϬϭϲ

 EĞƚdĂŶŐŝďůĞƐƐĞƚƐ;EdͿƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ                                                   Ϯϱ͘Ϯ    ϭ͘ϲϭϮϳ ϭ͘ϱϵϭϬ




dŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞƚŽďĞƌĞĂĚŝŶĐŽŶũƵŶĐƚŝŽŶǁŝƚŚƚŚĞĂĐĐŽŵƉĂŶǇŝŶŐŶŽƚĞƐ                                                                    ϰ
                                                                                                                    NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                              18
 EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
 ŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐŚĂŶŐĞƐŝŶĞƋƵŝƚǇ
 &ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

                                                                                                       ^ŚĂƌĞďĂƐĞĚ
                                                                                                                                    ZĞƚĂŝŶĞĚ
                                                                              ^ŚĂƌĞĐĂƉŝƚĂů               ƉĂǇŵĞŶƚ                                                dŽƚĂů
                                                                                                                                    ĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐ
                                                                                                           ƌĞƐĞƌǀĞ
                                                                   EŽƚĞƐ                 ΨΖϬϬϬ             ΨΖϬϬϬ              ΨΖϬϬϬ           ΨΖϬϬϬ
 ĂůĂŶĐĞĂƚϭ:ĂŶƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϯ                                                    ϭϯϰ͕ϭϴϬ ϰϵϱ ϱϲ͕Ϯϲϰ ϭϵϬ͕ϵϯϵ

 ŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ
 dŽƚĂůĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĨŽƌƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ                                    Ͳ Ͳ ϭϬ͕ϴϱϰ ϭϬ͕ϴϱϰ
 dŽƚĂůĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                   Ͳ Ͳ ϭϬ͕ϴϱϰ ϭϬ͕ϴϱϰ

 dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐǁŝƚŚƐŚĂƌĞŚŽůĚĞƌƐ
 ĂƉŝƚĂůƌĂŝƐĞĚ                                                     ϭϵ        ϮϮ͕ϳϰϰ Ͳ Ͳ ϮϮ͕ϳϰϰ
 WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞŝƐƐƵĞĚŝŶŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ                          ϭϵ       ϰϵϱ                  ;ϰϵϱͿ Ͳ Ͳ
 WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞƉĂǇĂďůĞŝŶŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ                         Ϯϭ       Ͳ ϵϬϭ Ͳ ϵϬϭ
 ŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƐƉĂŝĚ                                                     ϮϬ       Ͳ Ͳ         ;Ϯ͕ϯϰϲͿ                  ;Ϯ͕ϯϰϲͿ

 ĂůĂŶĐĞĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϯ                                                  ϭϱϳ͕ϰϭϵ ϵϬϭ ϲϰ͕ϳϳϮ ϮϮϯ͕ϬϵϮ

 ŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ
 dŽƚĂůĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĨŽƌƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ                                    Ͳ Ͳ Ϯϯ͕Ϭϳϵ Ϯϯ͕Ϭϳϵ
 dŽƚĂůĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                   Ͳ Ͳ Ϯϯ͕Ϭϳϵ Ϯϯ͕Ϭϳϵ

 dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐǁŝƚŚƐŚĂƌĞŚŽůĚĞƌƐ
 ĂƉŝƚĂůƌĂŝƐĞĚ                                                     ϭϵ       ϭ͕ϴϵϳ Ͳ Ͳ ϭ͕ϴϵϳ
 WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞŝƐƐƵĞĚŝŶŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ                          ϭϵ       ϵϬϭ                  ;ϵϬϭͿ Ͳ Ͳ
 WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞƉĂǇĂďůĞŝŶŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ                         Ϯϭ       Ͳ ϲϲϬ Ͳ ϲϲϬ
 ŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƐƉĂŝĚ                                                     ϮϬ       Ͳ Ͳ         ;Ϯ͕ϬϰϭͿ                  ;Ϯ͕ϬϰϭͿ
 ŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƌĞŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉůĂŶŝƐƐƵĞƐ                                  ϮϬ       ϴϱϭ Ͳ Ͳ ϴϱϭ
 dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐ;>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚͿ                                     ϱ        Ͳ Ͳ         ;ϰ͕ϮϵϭͿ                  ;ϰ͕ϮϵϭͿ
 ĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚŽŶƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶŽĨƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>WƵŶŝƚƐ                   ϱ        Ͳ Ͳ       ;ϭϰ͕ϭϭϱͿ                 ;ϭϰ͕ϭϭϱͿ

 ĂůĂŶĐĞĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ                                                  ϭϲϭ͕Ϭϲϴ ϲϲϬ ϲϳ͕ϰϬϰ ϮϮϵ͕ϭϯϮ




dŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞƚŽďĞƌĞĂĚŝŶĐŽŶũƵŶĐƚŝŽŶǁŝƚŚƚŚĞĂĐĐŽŵƉĂŶǇŝŶŐŶŽƚĞƐ                                                                                ϱ
                                                                                                                                  NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                         19
 EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
 ŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐ
 &ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

                                                                                                                  ϮϬϮϰ                         ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                       EŽƚĞƐ                    ΨΖϬϬϬ                      ΨΖϬϬϬ
 ĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐĨƌŽŵŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ
 >ĞĂƐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚ                                                                         ϭϵ͕ϯϭϰ ϭϱ͕ϵϯϵ
 WĂǇŵĞŶƚƐƚŽƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐ                                                                         ;ϭ͕ϭϲϳͿ ;ϴϴϱͿ
 DĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĨĞĞƐƉĂŝĚ                                                                          ;ϭ͕ϯϯϭͿ ;ϭ͕ϬϮϲͿ
 /ŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆĞƐƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚ                                                                        ϳ ϲ
 /ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƉĂŝĚ                                                                                 ;ϵ͕ϬϯϵͿ ;ϴ͕ϲϵϴͿ
 /ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚ                                                                              ϭ͕Ϯϯϰ ϲϱϯ
 EĞƚĐĂƐŚŐĞŶĞƌĂƚĞĚďǇŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ                                             Ϯϵ     ϵ͕Ϭϭϴ ϱ͕ϵϴϵ

 ĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐĨƌŽŵŝŶǀĞƐƚŝŶŐĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ
 WĂǇŵĞŶƚƐĨŽƌŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ                                                            ;ϯϴ͕ϳϮϯͿ                       ;ϲϱ͕ϰϰϭͿ
 WƌŽĐĞĞĚƐĨƌŽŵĚŝƐƉŽƐĂůƐŽĨĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                ͲϮϵ
 EĞƚĐĂƐŚƵƐĞĚŝŶŝŶǀĞƐƚŝŶŐĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                       ;ϯϴ͕ϳϮϯͿ                       ;ϲϱ͕ϰϭϮͿ

 ĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐĨƌŽŵĨŝŶĂŶĐŝŶŐĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ
 WƌŽĐĞĞĚƐĨƌŽŵŝƐƐƵĞŽĨŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ                                                         ϱ Ϯϯ͕ϯϰϲ
 WĂǇŵĞŶƚƐĨŽƌƐŚĂƌĞďƵǇͲďĂĐŬƐ                                                                  ;ϳϳͿ Ͳ
 WĂǇŵĞŶƚŽĨ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐ                                                        ;ϰ͕ϮϵϮͿ Ͳ
 WĂǇŵĞŶƚŽĨƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐŽŶŝƐƐƵĞŽĨŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ                                      ;ϮϯͿ ;ϱϵϯͿ
 ŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƐƉĂŝĚ;ŶĞƚŽĨƌĞŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƐͿ                                                          ;ϭ͕ϭϵϬͿ ;Ϯ͕ϯϰϲͿ
 WƌŽĐĞĞĚƐĨƌŽŵďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ                                                                       Ϯϲ͕ϵϬϮ ϯϬ͕ϱϬϬ
 ZĞƉĂǇŵĞŶƚŽĨďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ                                                                       ;Ϯϵ͕ϭϵϱͿ                          ;ϯ͕ϵϲϴͿ
 WƌŽĐĞĞĚƐĨƌŽŵƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐ                                             ϱϯ͕ϴϮϱ Ͳ
 WƌŽĐĞĞĚƐĨƌŽŵĐŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶ                                                                    ͲϭϮ͕ϬϬϬ
 ZĞƉĂǇŵĞŶƚŽĨĐŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶ                                                                 ;ϭϭ͕ϵϴϵͿ                            ;ϮϬϬͿ
 EĞƚĐĂƐŚŐĞŶĞƌĂƚĞĚďǇĨŝŶĂŶĐŝŶŐĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ                                                     ϯϯ͕ϵϲϳ ϱϴ͕ϳϯϵ

 EĞƚŝŶĐƌĞĂƐĞͬ;ĚĞĐƌĞĂƐĞͿŝŶĐĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐ                                        ϰ͕ϮϲϮ                        ;ϲϴϰͿ

 ĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐďĞŐŝŶŶŝŶŐŽĨƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ                                              ϭ͕Ϯϱϴ ϭ͕ϵϰϮ

 ĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐĂƚƚŚĞĞŶĚŽĨƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ                                     ϭϭ    ϱ͕ϱϮϬ ϭ͕Ϯϱϴ




dŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞƚŽďĞƌĞĂĚŝŶĐŽŶũƵŶĐƚŝŽŶǁŝƚŚƚŚĞĂĐĐŽŵƉĂŶǇŝŶŐŶŽƚĞƐ                                                               ϲ
                                                                                                               NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                            20
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϭ          ZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĞŶƚŝƚǇ

dŚĞƐĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞĨŽƌEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ;ƚŚĞΗŽŵƉĂŶǇΗŽƌΗWĂƌĞŶƚΗͿĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
;ƚŽŐĞƚŚĞƌƚŚĞΗ'ƌŽƵƉΗͿ͘dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐƉƌŝŶĐŝƉĂůĂĐƚŝǀŝƚǇŝƐŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚŝŶEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚƌƵƌĂůĨĂƌŵůĂŶĚĂŶĚĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇůĂŶĚ͘

dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŝƐŝŶĐŽƌƉŽƌĂƚĞĚŝŶEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚĂŶĚƌĞŐŝƐƚĞƌĞĚƵŶĚĞƌƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶŝĞƐĐƚϭϵϵϯ͘dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŝƐĂŶ&DƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĞŶƚŝƚǇĨŽƌƚŚĞ
ƉƵƌƉŽƐĞƐŽĨƚŚĞ&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůDĂƌŬĞƚƐŽŶĚƵĐƚĐƚϮϬϭϯĂŶĚƚŚĞ&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĐƚϮϬϭϯ͘dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇǁĂƐŝŶĐŽƌƉŽƌĂƚĞĚŽŶϭϭ^ĞƉƚĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϬ
ĂŶĚŝƐĚŽŵŝĐŝůĞĚŝŶEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ͘dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŝƐůŝƐƚĞĚŽŶƚŚĞEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ^ƚŽĐŬǆĐŚĂŶŐĞ;Ey>ŝŵŝƚĞĚͿǁŝƚŚŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐůŝƐƚĞĚŽŶƚŚĞEy
DĂŝŶŽĂƌĚ͘dŚĞĂĚĚƌĞƐƐŽĨƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇΖƐƌĞŐŝƐƚĞƌĞĚŽĨĨŝĐĞŝƐϱϬƵƐƚŽŵŚŽƵƐĞYƵĂǇ͕tĞůůŝŶŐƚŽŶĞŶƚƌĂů͕tĞůůŝŶŐƚŽŶ͕EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ͘

dŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞĨŽƌƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͘dŚĞĐŽŵƉĂƌĂƚŝǀĞƉĞƌŝŽĚŝƐƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌ
ϮϬϮϯ͘

Ϯ          DĂƚĞƌŝĂůĂĐĐŽƵŶƚŝŶŐƉŽůŝĐǇŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ

dŚĞŵĂƚĞƌŝĂůĂĐĐŽƵŶƚŝŶŐƉŽůŝĐŝĞƐĂƉƉůŝĞĚŝŶƚŚĞƉƌĞƉĂƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞƐĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞƐĞƚŽƵƚŝŶŶŽƚĞϮŽƌŝŶƚŚĞ
ĂĐĐŽŵƉĂŶǇŝŶŐŶŽƚĞƐ͘dŚĞƐĞƉŽůŝĐŝĞƐŚĂǀĞďĞŶĐŽŶƐŝƐƚĞŶƚůǇĂƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽĂůůƚŚĞǇĞĂƌƐƉƌĞƐĞŶƚĞĚ͕ƵŶůĞƐƐŽƚŚĞƌǁŝƐĞƐƚĂƚĞĚ͘

Ϯ͘ϭ        ^ƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐŽŵƉůŝĂŶĐĞĂŶĚƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĨƌĂŵĞǁŽƌŬ

dŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶƉƌĞƉĂƌĞĚŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ'ĞŶĞƌĂůůǇĐĐĞƉƚĞĚĐĐŽƵŶƚŝŶŐWƌĂĐƚŝĐĞ;ΗE'WΗͿĂŶĚƚŚĞ
&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůDĂƌŬĞƚƐŽŶĚƵĐƚĐƚϮϬϭϯ͘dŚĞǇĐŽŵƉůǇǁŝƚŚEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐƚŽ/ŶƚĞƌŶĂƚŝŽŶĂů&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ^ƚĂŶĚĂƌĚƐ;ΗE/&Z^ΗͿĂŶĚ
ŽƚŚĞƌĂƉƉůŝĐĂďůĞ&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ^ƚĂŶĚĂƌĚƐ͕ĂƐĂƉƉƌŽƉƌŝĂƚĞ͘dŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĐŽŵƉůǇǁŝƚŚ/ŶƚĞƌŶĂƚŝŽŶĂů&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ
^ƚĂŶĚĂƌĚƐ;Η/&Z^ΗͿĂƐƉƵďůŝƐŚĞĚďǇƚŚĞ/ŶƚĞƌŶĂƚŝŽŶĂůĐĐŽƵŶƚŝŶŐ^ƚĂŶĚĂƌĚƐŽĂƌĚ͘&ŽƌƚŚĞƉƵƌƉŽƐĞƐŽĨĐŽŵƉůǇŝŶŐǁŝƚŚE'W͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŝƐĂĨŽƌͲ
ƉƌŽĨŝƚĞŶƚŝƚǇ͘dŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶƉƌĞƉĂƌĞĚŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚƚŚĞƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐŽĨƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶŝĞƐĐƚϭϵϵϯĂŶĚŽŶĂŐŽŝŶŐ
ĐŽŶĐĞƌŶďĂƐŝƐ͘

Ϯ͘Ϯ        &ƵŶĐƚŝŽŶĂůĂŶĚƉƌĞƐĞŶƚĂƚŝŽŶĐƵƌƌĞŶĐǇ

dŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚĞĚŝŶEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚĚŽůůĂƌƐ͕ǁŚŝĐŚŝƐƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐĨƵŶĐƚŝŽŶĂůĐƵƌƌĞŶĐǇ͘ůůĂŵŽƵŶƚƐŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶƌŽƵŶĚĞĚƚŽƚŚĞ
ŶĞĂƌĞƐƚƚŚŽƵƐĂŶĚ;ΨΖϬϬϬͿ͕ƵŶůĞƐƐŽƚŚĞƌǁŝƐĞƐƚĂƚĞĚ͘

Ϯ͘ϯ        ĂƐŝƐŽĨƉƌĞƉĂƌĂƚŝŽŶĂŶĚŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚ

dŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶƉƌĞƉĂƌĞĚŽŶƚŚĞŚŝƐƚŽƌŝĐĂůĐŽƐƚďĂƐŝƐĞǆĐĞƉƚĨŽƌĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐĂŶĚŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ
ǁŚŝĐŚĂƌĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞ͘

ZĞǀĞŶƵĞ͕ĞǆƉĞŶƐĞƐ͕ĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŶĞƚŽĨƚŚĞĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨŐŽŽĚƐĂŶĚƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐƚĂǆ;'^dͿĞǆĐĞƉƚ͗
    •     ǁŚĞƌĞƚŚĞĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨ'^dŝŶĐƵƌƌĞĚŝƐŶŽƚƌĞĐŽǀĞƌĞĚĨƌŽŵƚŚĞƚĂǆĂƚŝŽŶĂƵƚŚŽƌŝƚǇ͕ŝƚŝƐƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚĂƐƉĂƌƚŽĨƚŚĞĐŽƐƚŽĨĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶŽĨĂŶ
          ĂƐƐĞƚŽƌĂƐƉĂƌƚŽĨĂŶŝƚĞŵŽĨĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ͖Žƌ
      •    ĨŽƌƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐĂŶĚƉĂǇĂďůĞƐǁŚŝĐŚĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶĐůƵƐŝǀĞŽĨ'^d;ƚŚĞŶĞƚĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨ'^dƌĞĐŽǀĞƌĂďůĞĨƌŽŵŽƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞƚĂǆĂƚŝŽŶ
           ĂƵƚŚŽƌŝƚǇŝƐŝŶĐůƵĚĞĚĂƐƉĂƌƚŽĨƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐŽƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐͿ͘

Ϯ͘ϰ        ĂƐŝƐŽĨĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚŝŽŶ

dŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŝŶĐŽƌƉŽƌĂƚĞƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŽĨƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇĂŶĚĞŶƚŝƚŝĞƐĐŽŶƚƌŽůůĞĚďǇƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇĂŶĚŝƚƐ
ƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ͘ŽŶƚƌŽůŝƐĂĐŚŝĞǀĞĚǁŚĞŶƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇ͗
      •     ŚĂƐƉŽǁĞƌŽǀĞƌƚŚĞŝŶǀĞƐƚĞĞ͖
      •     ŝƐĞǆƉŽƐĞĚ͕ŽƌŚĂƐƌŝŐŚƚƐ͕ƚŽǀĂƌŝĂďůĞƌĞƚƵƌŶƐĨƌŽŵŝƚƐŝŶǀŽůǀĞŵĞŶƚǁŝƚŚƚŚĞŝŶǀĞƐƚĞĞ͖ĂŶĚ
      •     ŚĂƐƚŚĞĂďŝůŝƚǇƚŽƵƐĞŝƚƐƉŽǁĞƌƚŽĂĨĨĞĐƚŝƚƐƌĞƚƵƌŶƐ͘

dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇƌĞĂƐƐĞƐƐĞƐǁŚĞƚŚĞƌŽƌŶŽƚŝƚĐŽŶƚƌŽůƐĂŶŝŶǀĞƐƚĞĞŝĨĨĂĐƚƐĂŶĚĐŝƌĐƵŵƐƚĂŶĐĞƐŝŶĚŝĐĂƚĞƚŚĂƚƚŚĞƌĞĂƌĞĐŚĂŶŐĞƐƚŽŽŶĞŽƌŵŽƌĞŽĨƚŚĞ
ƚŚƌĞĞĞůĞŵĞŶƚƐŽĨĐŽŶƚƌŽůůŝƐƚĞĚĂďŽǀĞ͘

ŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚŝŽŶŽĨĂƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌǇďĞŐŝŶƐǁŚĞŶƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŽďƚĂŝŶƐĐŽŶƚƌŽůŽǀĞƌƚŚĞƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌǇĂŶĚĐĞĂƐĞƐǁŚĞŶƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇůŽƐĞƐĐŽŶƚƌŽůŽĨƚŚĞ
ƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌǇ͘^ƉĞĐŝĨŝĐĂůůǇ͕ŝŶĐŽŵĞĂŶĚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞƐŽĨĂƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌǇĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚŽƌĚŝƐƉŽƐĞĚŽĨĚƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĂƌĞŝŶĐůƵĚĞĚŝŶƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨ
ĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĨƌŽŵƚŚĞĚĂƚĞƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŐĂŝŶƐĐŽŶƚƌŽůƵŶƚŝůƚŚĞĚĂƚĞǁŚĞŶƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇĐĞĂƐĞƐƚŽĐŽŶƚƌŽůƚŚĞƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌǇ͘

tŚĞŶŶĞĐĞƐƐĂƌǇ͕ĂĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞŵĂĚĞƚŽƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŽĨĂƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌǇƚŽďƌŝŶŐƚŚĞŝƌĂĐĐŽƵŶƚŝŶŐƉŽůŝĐŝĞƐŝŶƚŽůŝŶĞǁŝƚŚƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐ
ĂĐĐŽƵŶƚŝŶŐƉŽůŝĐŝĞƐ͘

ůůŝŶƚƌĂŐƌŽƵƉĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ͕ĞƋƵŝƚǇ͕ŝŶĐŽŵĞ͕ĞǆƉĞŶƐĞƐĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐƌĞůĂƚŝŶŐƚŽƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐďĞƚǁĞĞŶŵĞŵďĞƌƐŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĂƌĞ
ĞůŝŵŝŶĂƚĞĚŝŶĨƵůůŽŶĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚŝŽŶ͘


                                                                                                                                                       ϳ
                                                                                                                          NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                           21
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

Ϯ͘ϱ        &ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ

&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚǁŚĞŶƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉďĞĐŽŵĞƐĂƉĂƌƚǇƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƵĂůƉƌŽǀŝƐŝŽŶƐŽĨƚŚĞŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ͘

&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƌĞŝŶŝƚŝĂůůǇŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞ͘dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐƚŚĂƚĂƌĞĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶŽƌ
ŝƐƐƵĞŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ;ŽƚŚĞƌƚŚĂŶĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐͿĂƌĞĂĚĚĞĚƚŽ
ŽƌĚĞĚƵĐƚĞĚĨƌŽŵƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐŽƌĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ͕ĂƐĂƉƉƌŽƉƌŝĂƚĞ͕ŽŶŝŶŝƚŝĂůƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶ͘dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇ
ĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐŽƌĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŵŵĞĚŝĂƚĞůǇŝŶƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌ
ůŽƐƐ͘


Financial instruments are classified into the following specified categories: ‘fair value through profit or loss' (FVTPL), and 'at amortised cost'. The
ĐůĂƐƐŝĨŝĐĂƚŝŽŶĚĞƉĞŶĚƐŽŶƚŚĞďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐŵŽĚĞůĂŶĚŶĂƚƵƌĞŽĨƚŚĞĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐŽĨƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚĂŶĚŝƐĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚĂƚƚŚĞƚŝŵĞŽĨŝŶŝƚŝĂů
ƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶ͘


The Group’s financial assets consist of cash, trade receivables, derivatives and loan receivable.

&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐͲĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐ
dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĚĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞƐĂĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚǁŚĞŶƚŚĞĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƵĂůƌŝŐŚƚƐƚŽƚŚĞĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐĨƌŽŵƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚĞǆƉŝƌĞ͕ŽƌǁŚĞŶŝƚƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƐƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂů
ĂƐƐĞƚĂŶĚƐƵďƐƚĂŶƚŝĂůůǇĂůůƚŚĞƌŝƐŬƐĂŶĚƌĞǁĂƌĚƐŽĨŽǁŶĞƌƐŚŝƉŽĨƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚƚŽĂŶŽƚŚĞƌƉĂƌƚǇ͘/ĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŶĞŝƚŚĞƌƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƐŶŽƌƌĞƚĂŝŶƐƐƵďƐƚĂŶƚŝĂůůǇ
ĂůůƚŚĞƌŝƐŬƐĂŶĚƌĞǁĂƌĚƐŽĨŽǁŶĞƌƐŚŝƉĂŶĚĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞƐƚŽĐŽŶƚƌŽůƚŚĞƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƌĞĚĂƐƐĞƚ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞƐŝƚƐƌĞƚĂŝŶĞĚŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚĂŶĚ
ĂŶĂƐƐŽĐŝĂƚĞĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇĨŽƌĂŵŽƵŶƚƐŝƚŵĂǇŚĂǀĞƚŽƉĂǇ͘/ĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƌĞƚĂŝŶƐƐƵďƐƚĂŶƚŝĂůůǇĂůůƚŚĞƌŝƐŬƐĂŶĚƌĞǁĂƌĚƐŽĨŽǁŶĞƌƐŚŝƉŽĨĂƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƌĞĚ
ĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞƐƚŽƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚĂŶĚĂůƐŽƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞƐĂĐŽůůĂƚĞƌĂůŝƐĞĚďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐĨŽƌƚŚĞƉƌŽĐĞĞĚƐƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚ͘


&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐͲ/ŵƉĂŝƌŵĞŶƚŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐ
/ŵƉĂŝƌŵĞŶƚŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂƌĞƌĞĐŽƌĚĞĚƚŚƌŽƵŐŚĂůŽƐƐĂůůŽǁĂŶĐĞĂĐĐŽƵŶƚ;ďĂĚĚĞďƚƉƌŽǀŝƐŝŽŶͿ͘dŚĞĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨƚŚĞůŽƐƐĂůůŽǁĂŶĐĞŝƐďĂƐĞĚŽŶ
ƚŚĞƐŝŵƉůŝĨŝĞĚǆƉĞĐƚĞĚƌĞĚŝƚ>ŽƐƐ;>ͿĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚǁŚŝĐŚŝŶǀŽůǀĞƐƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĞƐƚŝŵĂƚŝŶŐƚŚĞůŝĨĞƚŝŵĞ>ĂƚĞĂĐŚďĂůĂŶĐĞĚĂƚĞ͘dŚĞůŝĨĞƚŝŵĞ>ŝƐ
ĐĂůĐƵůĂƚĞĚƵƐŝŶŐĂƉƌŽǀŝƐŝŽŶŵĂƚƌŝǆďĂƐĞĚŽŶŚŝƐƚŽƌŝĐĂůĐƌĞĚŝƚůŽƐƐĞǆƉĞƌŝĞŶĐĞĂŶĚĂĚũƵƐƚĞĚĨŽƌĨŽƌǁĂƌĚůŽŽŬŝŶŐĨĂĐƚŽƌƐƐƉĞĐŝĨŝĐƚŽƚŚĞĚĞďƚŽƌƐĂŶĚ
ƚŚĞĞĐŽŶŽŵŝĐĞŶǀŝƌŽŶŵĞŶƚ͘

&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐͲŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚĐŽƐƚ
&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƚĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚĐŽƐƚ;ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ͕ƌĞůĂƚĞĚƉĂƌƚǇƉĂǇĂďůĞƐĂŶĚƚƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐͿĂƌĞŝŶŝƚŝĂůůǇƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚĂƚĨĂŝƌ
ǀĂůƵĞĂŶĚƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚůǇŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚĐŽƐƚƵƐŝŶŐƚŚĞĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŵĞƚŚŽĚ͘

dŚĞĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŵĞƚŚŽĚŝƐĂŵĞƚŚŽĚŽĨĐĂůĐƵůĂƚŝŶŐƚŚĞĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚĐŽƐƚŽĨĂĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇĂŶĚŽĨĂůůŽĐĂƚŝŶŐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞŽǀĞƌƚŚĞ
ƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚƉĞƌŝŽĚ͘dŚĞĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞŝƐƚŚĞƌĂƚĞƚŚĂƚĞǆĂĐƚůǇĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƐĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚĨƵƚƵƌĞĐĂƐŚƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƐ;ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐĂůůĨĞĞƐĂŶĚƉŽŝŶƚƐƉĂŝĚŽƌ
ƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚƚŚĂƚĨŽƌŵĂŶŝŶƚĞŐƌĂůƉĂƌƚŽĨƚŚĞĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞ͕ƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉƌĞŵŝƵŵƐŽƌĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƐͿƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƚŚĞĞǆƉĞĐƚĞĚůŝĨĞŽĨ
ƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇ͕Žƌ;ǁŚĞƌĞĂƉƉƌŽƉƌŝĂƚĞͿĂƐŚŽƌƚĞƌƉĞƌŝŽĚ͕ƚŽƚŚĞŶĞƚĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐĂŵŽƵŶƚŽŶŝŶŝƚŝĂůƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶ͘


&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐͲĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ
dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĚĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞƐĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐǁŚĞŶ͕ĂŶĚŽŶůǇǁŚĞŶ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐŽďůŝŐĂƚŝŽŶƐĂƌĞĚŝƐĐŚĂƌŐĞĚ͕ĐĂŶĐĞůůĞĚŽƌƚŚĞǇĞǆƉŝƌĞ͘dŚĞĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞ
ďĞƚǁĞĞŶƚŚĞĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇĚĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚĂŶĚƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƉĂŝĚĂŶĚƉĂǇĂďůĞŝƐƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐ͘

ϯ          ƌŝƚŝĐĂůĂĐĐŽƵŶƚŝŶŐĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐĂŶĚũƵĚŐĞŵĞŶƚƐ

dŚĞƉƌĞƉĂƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐƌĞƋƵŝƌĞƐŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƚŽŵĂŬĞĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐĂŶĚĂƐƐƵŵƉƚŝŽŶƐ͘dŚĞƐĞĂĨĨĞĐƚƚŚĞĂŵŽƵŶƚƐŽĨƌĞƉŽƌƚĞĚ
ƌĞǀĞŶƵĞĂŶĚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞĂŶĚƚŚĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ͘ĐƚƵĂůƌĞƐƵůƚƐĐŽƵůĚĚŝĨĨĞƌĨƌŽŵƚŚĞƐĞĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐ͘dŚĞƉƌŝŶĐŝƉĂůĂƌĞĂƐŽĨ
ũƵĚŐĞŵĞŶƚĂŶĚĞƐƚŝŵĂƚŝŽŶŝŶƚŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞ͗


      •    >ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉĞƐƚĂďůŝƐŚŵĞŶƚĂŶĚĂƐƐŽĐŝĂƚĞĚƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐ;ŶŽƚĞƐϱĂŶĚϭϴͿ
      •    &ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ;ŶŽƚĞϲͿ
      •    ĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĂƚŝŽŶƚŚĂƚůĂŶĚĂŶĚĨŽƌĞƐƚƐŚŽƵůĚďĞĐůĂƐƐŝĨŝĞĚĂŶĚŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƐŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇ;ŶŽƚĞϲͿ
      •    ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆŽŶŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ;ŶŽƚĞϭϬ͘ϮͿ
      •    ZĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶŽĨůŽĂŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ;ŶŽƚĞϭϯͿ




                                                                                                                                                               ϴ
                                                                                                                                  NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                   22
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϯ͘ϭ        &ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞĞƐƚŝŵĂƚŝŽŶ

The Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value are investment properties and derivative financial instruments. Investment
ƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇŝƐŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚƵƐŝŶŐůĞǀĞůϯǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƚĞĐŚŶŝƋƵĞƐĂƐĨƵƌƚŚĞƌĚĞƚĂŝůĞĚŝŶŶŽƚĞϲ͘

&ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŝƐƚŚĞƉƌŝĐĞƚŚĂƚǁŽƵůĚďĞƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚƚŽƐĞůůĂŶĂƐƐĞƚŽƌƉĂŝĚƚŽƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌĂůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇŝŶĂŶŽƌĚĞƌůǇƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶďĞƚǁĞĞŶŵĂƌŬĞƚƉĂƌƚŝĐŝƉĂŶƚƐĂƚ
ƚŚĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚĚĂƚĞ͕ƌĞŐĂƌĚůĞƐƐŽĨǁŚĞƚŚĞƌƚŚĂƚƉƌŝĐĞŝƐĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞŽƌĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚƵƐŝŶŐĂŶŽƚŚĞƌǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƚĞĐŚŶŝƋƵĞ͘/ŶĞƐƚŝŵĂƚŝŶŐƚŚĞ
ĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨĂŶĂƐƐĞƚŽƌĂůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƚĂŬĞƐŝŶƚŽĂĐĐŽƵŶƚƚŚĞĐŚĂƌĂĐƚĞƌŝƐƚŝĐƐŽĨƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚŽƌůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇŝĨŵĂƌŬĞƚƉĂƌƚŝĐŝƉĂŶƚƐǁŽƵůĚƚĂŬĞƚŚŽƐĞ
ĐŚĂƌĂĐƚĞƌŝƐƚŝĐƐŝŶƚŽĂĐĐŽƵŶƚǁŚĞŶƉƌŝĐŝŶŐƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚŽƌůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇĂƚƚŚĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚĚĂƚĞ͘&ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞĨŽƌŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚĂŶĚͬŽƌĚŝƐĐůŽƐƵƌĞƉƵƌƉŽƐĞƐŝŶ
ƚŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŝƐĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚŽŶƐƵĐŚĂďĂƐŝƐ͘


ƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞĂƌĞĐůĂƐƐŝĨŝĞĚŝŶƚŽƚŚƌĞĞůĞǀĞůƐ͕ƵƐŝŶŐĂĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŚŝĞƌĂƌĐŚǇƚŚĂƚƌĞĨůĞĐƚƐƚŚĞƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶĐĞŽĨƚŚĞŝŶƉƵƚƐ
ƵƐĞĚŝŶŵĂŬŝŶŐƚŚĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘ůĂƐƐŝĨŝĐĂƚŝŽŶƐĂƌĞƌĞǀŝĞǁĞĚĂƚĞĂĐŚƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĚĂƚĞĂŶĚƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƐďĞƚǁĞĞŶůĞǀĞůƐĂƌĞĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚďĂƐĞĚŽŶĂ
ƌĞĂƐƐĞƐƐŵĞŶƚŽĨƚŚĞůŽǁĞƐƚůĞǀĞůŽĨŝŶƉƵƚƚŚĂƚŝƐƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚƚŽƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚ͘&ŽƌĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƉƵƌƉŽƐĞƐ͕ĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞ
ŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞĐĂƚĞŐŽƌŝƐĞĚŝŶƚŽ>ĞǀĞůϭ͕ϮŽƌϯďĂƐĞĚŽŶƚŚĞĚĞŐƌĞĞƚŽǁŚŝĐŚƚŚĞŝŶƉƵƚƐƚŽƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞĂŶĚƚŚĞ
ƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶĐĞŽĨƚŚĞŝŶƉƵƚƐƚŽƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚŝŶŝƚƐĞŶƚŝƌĞƚǇ͕ǁŚŝĐŚĂƌĞĚĞƐĐƌŝďĞĚĂƐĨŽůůŽǁƐ͗


      •    >ĞǀĞůϭŝŶƉƵƚƐĂƌĞƋƵŽƚĞĚƉƌŝĐĞƐ;ƵŶĂĚũƵƐƚĞĚͿŝŶĂĐƚŝǀĞŵĂƌŬĞƚƐĨŽƌŝĚĞŶƚŝĐĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐŽƌůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐƚŚĂƚƚŚĞĞŶƚŝƚǇĐĂŶĂĐĐĞƐƐĂƚƚŚĞ
           ŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚĚĂƚĞ͖
      •    >ĞǀĞůϮŝŶƉƵƚƐĂƌĞŝŶƉƵƚƐ͕ŽƚŚĞƌƚŚĂŶƋƵŽƚĞĚƉƌŝĐĞƐŝŶĐůƵĚĞĚǁŝƚŚŝŶ>ĞǀĞůϭ͕ƚŚĂƚĂƌĞŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞĨŽƌƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚŽƌ
           ůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇ͕ĞŝƚŚĞƌĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇŽƌŝŶĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇ͖ĂŶĚ
      •    >ĞǀĞůϯŝŶƉƵƚƐĂƌĞƵŶŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞŝŶƉƵƚƐĨŽƌƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚŽƌůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇ͘

ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚƵƐŝŶŐůĞǀĞůϮǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƚĞĐŚŶŝƋƵĞƐ͕ǁŚŝĐŚŝƐďĂƐĞĚŽŶŝŶƉƵƚƐŽƚŚĞƌƚŚĂŶƋƵŽƚĞĚƉƌŝĐĞƐŝŶĂŶĂĐƚŝǀĞ
ŵĂƌŬĞƚƚŚĂƚĂƌĞŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞĨŽƌƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚŽƌůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇ͕ĞŝƚŚĞƌĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇ;ƚŚĂƚŝƐ͕ĂƐƉƌŝĐĞƐͿŽƌŝŶĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇ;ƚŚĂƚŝƐ͕ĚĞƌŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵƉƌŝĐĞƐͿ͘dŚŝƐǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶ
ƚĞĐŚŶŝƋƵĞŵĂǆŝŵŝƐĞƐƚŚĞƵƐĞŽĨŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞŵĂƌŬĞƚĚĂƚĂǁŚĞƌĞŝƚŝƐĂǀĂŝůĂďůĞĂŶĚƌĞůŝĞƐĂƐůŝƚƚůĞĂƐƉŽƐƐŝďůĞŽŶĞŶƚŝƚǇƐƉĞĐŝĨŝĐĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐ͘


/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐĂŶĚƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>WƵŶŝƚƐĂƌĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚƵƐŝŶŐůĞǀĞůϯŝŶƉƵƚƐ;ƌĞĨĞƌƚŽŶŽƚĞϲĂŶĚŶŽƚĞϭϴ͕ƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŝǀĞůǇͿ͕ǁŚŝĐŚĂƌĞďĂƐĞĚŽŶ
ǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƚĞĐŚŶŝƋƵĞƐƚŚĂƚŝŶĐůƵĚĞŝŶƉƵƚƐĨŽƌƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚŽƌůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇƚŚĂƚĂƌĞŶŽƚďĂƐĞĚŽŶŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞŵĂƌŬĞƚĚĂƚĂ;ƚŚĂƚŝƐ͕ƵŶŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞŝŶƉƵƚƐͿ͘

dŚĞĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐǀĂůƵĞŽĨĂůůŽƚŚĞƌĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐŚĞůĚĂƚĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚĐŽƐƚƌĞĂƐŽŶĂďůǇĂƉƉƌŽǆŝŵĂƚĞƐƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞĚƵĞƚŽƚŚĞƐŚŽƌƚƚĞƌŵ
ŶĂƚƵƌĞŽĨƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ͘

ϰ          ^ĞŐŵĞŶƚŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŽƉĞƌĂƚĞƐŝŶŽŶĞďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐƐĞŐŵĞŶƚďĞŝŶŐEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚƌƵƌĂůůĂŶĚ͘

/ŶĐůƵĚĞĚŝŶƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐƚŽƚĂůƌĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞ͕ŵŽƌĞƚŚĂŶϭϬйǁĂƐƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵƚŚƌĞĞƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚĐƵƐƚŽŵĞƌƐ͕WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĂŝƌǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ͕t,>
ĂƉŝƚĂů>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ͕ĂŶĚEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ&ŽƌĞƐƚ>ĞĂƐŝŶŐ;EŽ͘ϮͿ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ͘dŚĞƚŽƚĂůƌĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞĚĞƌŝǀĞĚŝŶƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰĨƌŽŵƚŚĞƐĞ
ĐƵƐƚŽŵĞƌƐǁĂƐΨϮ͘ϰϮϳŵŝůůŝŽŶ͕Ψϯ͘ϲϰϴŵŝůůŝŽŶ͕ĂŶĚΨϱ͘ϭϯϬŵŝůůŝŽŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŝǀĞůǇ;ϮϬϮϯ͗Ψϯ͘ϭϭϯŵŝůůŝŽŶ͕Ψϯ͘ϲϰϴŵŝůůŝŽŶ͕ĂŶĚΨϯ͘ϱϱϴŵŝůůŝŽŶ
ƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŝǀĞůǇͿ͘EŽŽƚŚĞƌƐŝŶŐůĞĐƵƐƚŽŵĞƌĐŽŶƚƌŝďƵƚĞĚϭϬйŽƌŵŽƌĞŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐƚŽƚĂůƌĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞ;ϮϬϮϯ͗ŶŝůͿ͘

/ŶĐůƵĚĞĚŝŶƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐƚŽƚĂůŐƌŽƐƐĨŝŶĂŶĐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ͕ĞǆĐůƵĚŝŶŐŐĂŝŶƐŽŶƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ͕ŵŽƌĞƚŚĂŶϭϬйǁĂƐƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚĂƐ
ŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶĐŽŵĞĨƌŽŵƚǁŽƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚĐƵƐƚŽŵĞƌƐ͘dŚĞƚŽƚĂůŐƌŽƐƐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶĐŽŵĞĚĞƌŝǀĞĚŝŶƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰĨƌŽŵƚŚĞƐĞ
ĐƵƐƚŽŵĞƌƐǁĂƐΨϬ͘ϲϵϮŵŝůůŝŽŶĂŶĚΨϭ͘ϯϯϰŵŝůůŝŽŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŝǀĞůǇ;ϮϬϮϯ͗ΨϬ͘ϲϮϵŵŝůůŝŽŶĂŶĚΨϭ͘ϮϯϴŵŝůůŝŽŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŝǀĞůǇͿ͘EŽŽƚŚĞƌƐŝŶŐůĞĐƵƐƚŽŵĞƌ
ĐŽŶƚƌŝďƵƚĞĚϭϬйŽƌŵŽƌĞŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐƚŽƚĂůĨŝŶĂŶĐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ;ϮϬϮϯ͗ŶŝůͿ͘


ϱ          ^ŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶͲ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉĞƐƚĂďůŝƐŚŵĞŶƚĂŶĚĂƐƐŽĐŝĂƚĞĚƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐ

/Ŷ:ĂŶƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϰ͕ƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇĞŶƚĞƌĞĚŝŶƚŽĂŶĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚƚŽƐĞůůĂϮϱйƐƚĂŬĞŝŶŝƚƐƌƵƌĂůůĂŶĚƉŽƌƚĨŽůŝŽƚŽĂŐƌŽƵƉŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŽƌƐŝŶĂ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚ
;Η>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚΗͿĨŽƌΨϰϰ͘ϮŵŝůůŝŽŶ͘

dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇƵƐĞĚΨϭϭ͘ϴŵŝůůŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞƉƌŽĐĞĞĚƐƚŽƌĞƉĂǇƚŚĞĐŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶƚŚĂƚŝƚĚƌĞǁĚŽǁŶŝŶƉƌŝůϮϬϮϯƚŽƉĂƌƚŝĂůůǇĨƵŶĚĂĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇ
ĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶ;ƌĞĨĞƌƚŽŶŽƚĞϭϴͿ͘dŚĞďĂůĂŶĐĞŽĨƚŚĞĨƵŶĚƐŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶƵƐĞĚĨŽƌůĂŶĚĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶƐŽƌŝƐŚĞůĚĨŽƌĨƵƚƵƌĞŽƉƉŽƌƚƵŶŝƚŝĞƐ͘

The investment was mechanised through the establishment of a limited partnership, the New Zealand Rural Land Limited Partnership (the “LP”).
dŚĞƉŽƌƚĨŽůŝŽŽĨƌƵƌĂůůĂŶĚĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚĂƐƐŽĐŝĂƚĞĚĚĞďƚǁĂƐƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƌĞĚƚŽƚŚĞ>WƉƌŝŽƌƚŽ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚΖƐŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚ͘dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇΖƐŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚ
ŵĂŶĚĂƚĞĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞƐŝŶƚŚĞ>WǁŝƚŚƚŚĞƐĂŵĞĂĐƚŝǀĞƐƚƌĂƚĞŐǇĂŶĚŵĂŶĂŐĞƌ;EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚDĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉͿ͘


dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŚŽůĚƐϳϱйŽĨƚŚĞƉĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐĂŶĚĞĐŽŶŽŵŝĐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚǁŝƚŚ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚŚŽůĚŝŶŐƚŚĞŽƚŚĞƌϮϱй͘dŚĞ>WŝƐĚŝƌĞĐƚĞĚďǇEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ
Rural Land Investment GP Limited (the “GP”) with the Company and the Land Trust holding shares in the GP at the same proportion as their LP
ƵŶŝƚƐ͘


                                                                                                                                                            ϵ
                                                                                                                               NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                23
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϱ          ^ŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶͲ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉĞƐƚĂďůŝƐŚŵĞŶƚĂŶĚĂƐƐŽĐŝĂƚĞĚƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

The Company’s directors represent the majority of the GP (75%) and can unilaterally direct disposals and subsequent acquisitions of properties for
ůĂŶĚŝŶĚŝǀŝĚƵĂůůǇƵƉƚŽΨϱŵŝůůŝŽŶ͘&ƵƌƚŚĞƌŵŽƌĞ͕ƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŚĂƐƚŚĞĂďŝůŝƚǇƚŽŵĂŬĞƐŽŵĞĐŚĂŶŐĞƐƚŽůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŚĂƐ
ĐŽŶĐůƵĚĞĚƚŚŝƐƉƌŽǀŝĚĞƐŝƚǁŝƚŚƐƵĨĨŝĐŝĞŶƚĐŽŶƚƌŽůƚŽĚŝƌĞĐƚƚŚĞƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐŽĨƚŚĞ>WĂŶĚĂĐĐŽƌĚŝŶŐůǇŚĂƐĐŽŶĐůƵĚĞĚƚŚĂƚŝƚĐŽŶƚƌŽůƐĂŶĚǁŝůů
ĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞƚŚĞ>W͘


dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐŽĨΨϰ͘ϯŵŝůůŝŽŶǁĞƌĞŝŶĐƵƌƌĞĚŝŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŽĨƚŚŝƐƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĂŶĚƌĞĐŽƌĚĞĚĂƐĂƌĞĚƵĐƚŝŽŶŝŶƌĞƚĂŝŶĞĚĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ͘

dŚĞ>WƵŶŝƚƐŚĞůĚďǇƚŚĞ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚĂƌĞƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ;ƌĞĨĞƌƚŽŶŽƚĞϭϴͿ͘dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĞůĞĐƚĞĚƚŽƌĞĨůĞĐƚƚŚŝƐƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĂƐϮďĂĐŬͲƚŽͲďĂĐŬ
ƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐ͕;ϭͿĂƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶďǇƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŽĨĂŶŽŶͲĐŽŶƚƌŽůůŝŶŐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĨŽƌƚŚĞ>WƵŶŝƚƐŚĞůĚďǇ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚ͕ƚŚĞŶ;ϮͿĂŶŝŵŵĞĚŝĂƚĞĚĞͲƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶ
ŽĨƚŚĂƚŶŽŶͲĐŽŶƚƌŽůůŝŶŐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚǁŝƚŚƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶŽĨĂůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇƚŽƌĞĚĞĞŵƚŚĞ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚΖƐƵŶŝƚ͘dŚĞĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞĨƌŽŵƚŚĞƐĂůĞƉƌŽĐĞĞĚƐ͕ĂŶĚƚŚĞƐŚĂƌĞ
of the Land Trust’s net assets in the LP ($58.4 million on transaction date), is reflected as an equity adjustment ($14.1 million), refer to the
^ƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨŚĂŶŐĞƐŝŶƋƵŝƚǇ͘


ϲ          /ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ

/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇŝƐƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇŚĞůĚĞŝƚŚĞƌƚŽĞĂƌŶƌĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞ͕ĨŽƌĐĂƉŝƚĂůĂƉƉƌĞĐŝĂƚŝŽŶŽƌĨŽƌďŽƚŚ͘

/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐĂƌĞŝŶŝƚŝĂůůǇŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚĐŽƐƚĂŶĚƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚůǇŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞǁŝƚŚĂŶǇĐŚĂŶŐĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐ͘ŶǇ
ŐĂŝŶŽƌůŽƐƐĂƌŝƐŝŶŐĨƌŽŵĂĐŚĂŶŐĞŝŶĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŝƐƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐ͘

/ŶŝƚŝĂůĚŝƌĞĐƚĐŽƐƚƐŝŶĐƵƌƌĞĚŝŶŶĞŐŽƚŝĂƚŝŶŐĂŶĚĂƌƌĂŶŐŝŶŐŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐůĞĂƐĞƐĂŶĚůĞĂƐĞŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐŐƌĂŶƚĞĚĂƌĞĂĚĚĞĚƚŽƚŚĞĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨƚŚĞ
ůĞĂƐĞĚĂƐƐĞƚ͘
WĂƐƚŽƌĂůĂŶĚŽƌĐŚĂƌĚůĂŶĚ͗

dŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞƌĞĐŽƌĚĞĚĨŽƌƚŚĞĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇůĂŶĚĂŶĚĂƉƉůĞŽƌĐŚĂƌĚƐĨŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰǁĂƐĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚĂƐĨŽůůŽǁƐ͗
    •       &ƌĞĞŚŽůĚǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƐŽĨĞĂĐŚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶĞƐƚĂďůŝƐŚĞĚĂƚƚŚĞƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĚĂƚĞďǇĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞƌƐ͕ŽůůŝĞƌƐ
            /ŶƚĞƌŶĂƚŝŽŶĂů͘
    •       A residuary value (lessor’s interest) has been determined by external experts, KPMG, and added to those freehold valuations. The
            ƌĞƐŝĚƵĂƌǇǀĂůƵĞŝƐƚŚĞŶĞƚƉƌĞƐĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞĞǆƉĞĐƚĞĚƐƵƌƉůƵƐĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐŽĨƚŚĞĞǆĐĞƐƐŽĨƚŚĞĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚĞĚůĞĂƐĞƌĂƚĞƐŽǀĞƌƚŚĞ
            ĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚŵĂƌŬĞƚƌĞŶƚƐ͘

dŚĞĂďŽǀĞŝƐĂĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶƚŵĞƚŚŽĚŽůŽŐǇƚŽƵƚŝůŝƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞƉƌŝŽƌǇĞĂƌ͘dŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞƌĞĐŽƌĚĞĚĨŽƌƚŚĞƉĂƐƚŽƌĂůĂŶĚŽƌĐŚĂƌĚůĂŶĚĨŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭ
ĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϯǁĂƐĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚĂƐĨŽůůŽǁƐ͗
    •     &ƌĞĞŚŽůĚǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƐŽĨĞĂĐŚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶĞƐƚĂďůŝƐŚĞĚĂƚƚŚĞƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĚĂƚĞďǇĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞƌƐ͕ŽůůŝĞƌƐ
          /ŶƚĞƌŶĂƚŝŽŶĂů͘dŚĞŶĞƚƉƌĞƐĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞƉƌŽũĞĐƚĞĚƚĞƌŵŝŶĂůǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞƐĞƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐĂƚƚŚĞĞŶĚŽĨƚŚĞŝŶŝƚŝĂůĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚůĞĂƐĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ͘
    •     ƌĞƐŝĚƵĂƌǇǀĂůƵĞǁĂƐĂĚĚĞĚƚŽƚŚĞĂďŽǀĞĂŵŽƵŶƚǁŚŝĐŚǁĂƐƚŚĞŶĞƚƉƌĞƐĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚĞĚůĞĂƐĞƌĂƚĞƐŽǀĞƌƚŚĞĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚ
          ŵĂƌŬĞƚƌĞŶƚƐ͘

/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐĂƌĞĚĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚǁŚĞŶƚŚĞǇŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶĚŝƐƉŽƐĞĚŽĨĂŶĚĂŶǇŐĂŝŶƐŽƌůŽƐƐĞƐŝŶĐƵƌƌĞĚŽŶĚŝƐƉŽƐĂůĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌ
ůŽƐƐŝŶƚŚĞǇĞĂƌŽĨĚĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶ͘

&ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨůĂŶĚŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ͗
ϮϬϮϰ
                                                                                                                                          ĂƉŝƚĂůŝƐĞĚ
                                               KƉĞŶŝŶŐ                                 ZĞĐůĂƐƐŝĨŝĐĂƚŝ              >ĞĂƐĞĨĞĞ                       ůĞĂƐĞ ZĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶ
                              >ĂŶĚĂƌĞĂ         ďĂůĂŶĐĞ             ĚĚŝƚŝŽŶƐϷ                       ŽŶƐϸ ĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĂƚŝŽŶ                      ŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞϯ ;ůŽƐƐͿͬŐĂŝŶ ĂƌƌǇŝŶŐǀĂůƵĞ
>ŽĐĂƚŝŽŶ                       ,ĞĐƚĂƌĞƐ            ΨΖϬϬϬ                     ΨΖϬϬϬ                  ΨΖϬϬϬ                  ΨΖϬϬϬ                    ΨΖϬϬϬ          ΨΖϬϬϬ                  ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĂŶƚĞƌďƵƌǇ                        ϱ͕ϵϭϮ ϭϯϯ͕ϭϭϲ ϱϭ ;ϭϭ͕ϯϱϱͿ ;ϴͿ ;ϭϳϳͿ          ϲ͕ϯϭϳ ϭϮϳ͕ϵϰϰ
KƚĂŐŽ                             ϰ͕Ϭϯϵ          ϳϵ͕Ϯϵϴ                   ϲ͕ϭϯϰ                       Ͳ ;ϰͿ                       Ͳ         ϯϳϮ ϴϱ͕ϴϬϬ
^ŽƵƚŚůĂŶĚ                         ϭ͕ϯϴϲ ϰϰ͕ϭϲϲ                        ϱϴ                     Ͳ ;ϵͿ ;ϮϲͿ        ;ϴϴϵͿ ϰϯ͕ϯϬϬ
Manawatū-Whanganui                ϰ͕ϳϲϴ          ϴϵ͕ϳϬϭ                ϭϰ͕ϯϱϲ                         Ͳ ;ϲͿ                       Ͳ       ϵ͕ϵϰϵ ϭϭϰ͕ϬϬϬ
,ĂǁŬĞΖƐĂǇ                          ϵϳ               Ͳ                ϭϴ͕ϰϭϳ                         Ͳ Ͳ                     Ͳ       ϱ͕ϴϴϰ Ϯϰ͕ϯϬϭ
^ŽƵƚŚdĂƌĂŶĂŬŝ                      ϲϴϲ               Ͳ                   Ϯ͕ϯϭϴ                       Ͳ Ͳ                     Ͳ       ϭ͕ϳϵϰ ϰ͕ϭϭϮ
ZĂŶŐŝƚŝŬĞŝŝƐƚƌŝĐƚƐ                ϭϵϱ               Ͳ                      ϱϱϵ                      Ͳ Ͳ                     Ͳ         ϰϯϮ ϵϵϭ
&ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞ                               ϯϰϲ͕Ϯϴϭ ϰϭ͕ϴϵϯ ;ϭϭ͕ϯϱϱͿ ;ϮϳͿ ;ϮϬϯͿ Ϯϯ͕ϴϱϵ ϰϬϬ͕ϰϰϴ

Ϸ/ŶĐůƵĚĞƐĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐĂŶĚŝƐƌĞĚƵĐĞĚďǇƉĂƌƚŝĂůĚŝƐƉŽƐĂůƐ͘
ϸ
 Ψϭϭ͘ϰŵŝůůŝŽŶŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐŝŶĂŶƚĞƌďƵƌǇŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶƌĞĐůĂƐƐŝĨŝĞĚĂƐĂƐƐĞƚƐŚĞůĚĨŽƌƐĂůĞ;ƌĞĨĞƌƚŽŶŽƚĞϳͿ͘
ϯ
  EĞƚŽĨĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĂƚŝŽŶ͘




                                                                                                                                                                                         ϭϬ
                                                                                                                                                           NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                                                24
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϲ           /ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

dŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨĚĂŝƌŝĞƐĂŶĚŽƌĐŚĂƌĚƐŝƐƌĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚĞĚďǇƚŚĞĨƌĞĞŚŽůĚǀĂůƵĞƐĂŶĚƚŚĞůĞƐƐŽƌƐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚ͘


                                                                                                                                                                  &ƌĞĞŚŽůĚ
                                                                                                                                                >ĞƐƐŽƌƐ
                                                                                                                                                                  ƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇ         dŽƚĂůǀĂůƵĞ
                                                                                                                                               ŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚ
ϮϬϮϰ                                                                                                                                                                 ǀĂůƵĞ
sĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƐ                                                                                                                                        ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ                ΨΖϬϬϬ
dŽƚĂů                                                                                                                                   Ϯϵ͕ϳϱϭ Ϯϱϭ͕ϲϵϰ Ϯϴϭ͕ϰϰϱ


                                                                                                                                                                  &ƌĞĞŚŽůĚ
                                                                                                                                                >ĞƐƐŽƌƐ
                                                                                                                                                                  ƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇ         dŽƚĂůǀĂůƵĞ
                                                                                                                                               ŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚ
ϮϬϮϯ                                                                                                                                                                 ǀĂůƵĞ
sĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƐ                                                                                                                                        ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ                ΨΖϬϬϬ
dŽƚĂů                                                                                                                                   ϭϵ͕ϳϲϬ Ϯϯϲ͕ϴϮϬ Ϯϱϲ͕ϱϴϬ

/Ŷ&ĞďƌƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϰ͕ƚŚĞ>WĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚĂƉƉůĞĂŶĚĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇůĂŶĚĨŽƌĂƚŽƚĂůŽĨΨϯϭ͘ϲŵŝůůŝŽŶ͘dŚĞĂƉƉůĞŽƌĐŚĂƌĚůĂŶĚ͕ĞǆĐůƵĚŝŶŐƚƌĞĞƐĂŶĚďƵŝůĚŝŶŐƐǁĂƐ
ĂƉƉƌŽǆŝŵĂƚĞůǇϵϳŚĞĐƚĂƌĞƐŚĂƐďĞĞŶůĞĂƐĞĚƚŽ<ŝǁŝƌƵŶĐŚĨŽƌϯϬǇĞĂƌƐŐĞŶĞƌĂƚŝŶŐΨϭ͘ϰŵŝůůŝŽŶŽĨŝŶĐŽŵĞŝŶǇĞĂƌŽŶĞŽĨƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ͘dŚĞ
>WĂůƐŽĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇůĂŶĚŽĨĂƉƉƌŽǆŝŵĂƚĞůǇϭ͕ϭϭϵŚĞĐƚĂƌĞƐĂŶĚŚĂƐůĞĂƐĞĚƚŚĞůĂŶĚƚŽEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ&ŽƌĞƐƚ>ĞĂƐŝŶŐ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĨŽƌĂƉĞƌŝŽĚŽĨϭϲ
ǇĞĂƌƐ͕ŐĞŶĞƌĂƚŝŶŐΨϳϲϬŬŽĨŝŶĐŽŵĞŝŶǇĞĂƌŽŶĞŽĨƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ͘

/Ŷ:ƵŶĞϮϬϮϰ͕ƚŚĞ>WĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚĂϭ͕ϱϬϬŚĞĐƚĂƌĞĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĞƐƚĂƚĞĨŽƌΨϳ͘ϯŵŝůůŝŽŶ͘

ƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞǇĞĂƌ͕ƚŚĞ>WĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚĂϭϮϲŚĞĐƚĂƌĞĂƉƉůĞŽƌĐŚĂƌĚůĂŶĚĨŽƌĂƚŽƚĂůŽĨΨϭϯ͘ϮŵŝůůŝŽŶ͕ŽĨǁŚŝĐŚ͕Ψϰ͘ϵŵŝůůŝŽŶ;ϰϳŚĞĐƚĂƌĞƐͿǁĂƐƐĞƚƚůĞĚŝŶ
EŽǀĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͘WĂƌƚŽĨƚŚŝƐƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞƉƌŝĐĞǁĂƐƐĞƚƚůĞĚƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƚŚĞŝƐƐƵĞŽĨϮ͕Ϯϭϱ͕ϭϵϬƐŚĂƌĞƐŝŶƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇ;ƌĞĨĞƌƚŽŶŽƚĞϭϴͿ͘dŚŝƐŝŶŝƚŝĂů
ƐĞƚƚůĞŵĞŶƚŚĂƐĂŶĂŶŶƵĂůŝƐĞĚǇĞĂƌŽŶĞŝŶĐŽŵĞŽĨΨϲϯϱ͕ϬϬϬ͘dŚĞƌĞŵĂŝŶŝŶŐΨϱ͘ϳŵŝůůŝŽŶ;ϳϵŚĞĐƚĂƌĞƐͿŝƐĚƵĞƚŽďĞƐĞƚƚůĞĚŝŶ^ĞƉƚĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϱ͕ǁŝƚŚ
ĂĚĞƉŽƐŝƚŽĨΨϮ͘ϲŵŚĂǀŝŶŐďĞĞŶƉĂŝĚŝŶĂĚǀĂŶĐĞŝŶEŽǀĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͘dŚĞĂƉƉůĞŽƌĐŚĂƌĚǁŝůůďĞůĞĂƐĞĚƚŽ^/KƌĐŚĂƌĚƐĨŽƌϯϬǇĞĂƌƐ͕ŐĞŶĞƌĂƚŝŶŐƚŽƚĂů
ůĞĂƐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞŽĨΨϭ͘ϭϯŵŝůůŝŽŶŝŶǇĞĂƌŽŶĞŽĨƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ͘

ƚƚŚĞĞŶĚŽĨƚŚĞϯϬǇĞĂƌůĞĂƐĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ͕ŽǁŶĞƌƐŚŝƉŽĨƚŚĞƚƌĞĞƐ;ŽƌĐŚĂƌĚͿǁŝůůďĞƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƌĞĚƚŽƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ͘

&ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨƌƵƌĂůĂŶĚĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇůĂŶĚŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌŝŵƉƌŽǀĞŵĞŶƚƐ͗
ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                           ĂƉŝƚĂůŝƐĞĚ
                                                                                                         >ĞĂƐĞĨĞĞ                              ůĞĂƐĞ       ZĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶ
                                            >ĂŶĚĂƌĞĂ KƉĞŶŝŶŐďĂůĂŶĐĞ                      ĚĚŝƚŝŽŶƐϷ ĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĂƚŝŽŶ                        ŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞϸ        ;ůŽƐƐͿͬŐĂŝŶ ĂƌƌǇŝŶŐǀĂůƵĞ
>ŽĐĂƚŝŽŶ                                     ,ĞĐƚĂƌĞƐ           ΨΖϬϬϬ                           ΨΖϬϬϬ         ΨΖϬϬϬ                             ΨΖϬϬϬ                ΨΖϬϬϬ           ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĂŶƚĞƌďƵƌǇ                                ϱ͕ϳϲϱ ϭϰϬ͕ϴϴϳ                Ϯϳϳ ;ϲͿ ;ϭϳϲͿ ;ϳ͕ϴϲϲͿ ϭϯϯ͕ϭϭϲ
KƚĂŐŽ                                     ϯ͕ϱϬϬ ϴϬ͕ϳϴϲ                    Ͳ ;ϯͿ                    Ͳ;ϭ͕ϰϴϱͿ ϳϵ͕Ϯϵϴ
^ŽƵƚŚůĂŶĚ                                 ϭ͕ϯϴϲ ϰϱ͕ϲϴϳ                   ϵ ;ϭϵͿ                ;ϭϮϬͿ ;ϭ͕ϯϵϭͿ ϰϰ͕ϭϲϲ
Manawatū-Whanganui                        ϯ͕ϭϯϳ                         Ͳ          ϳϭ͕ϱϳϯ                        ;ϮͿ                      Ͳ          ϭϴ͕ϭϯϬ ϴϵ͕ϳϬϭ
&ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞ                                                     Ϯϲϳ͕ϯϲϬ ϳϭ͕ϴϱϵ ;ϯϬͿ ;ϮϵϲͿ ϳ͕ϯϴϴ ϯϰϲ͕Ϯϴϭ

Ϸ/ŶĐůƵĚĞƐĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐĂŶĚŝƐƌĞĚƵĐĞĚďǇƉĂƌƚŝĂůĚŝƐƉŽƐĂůƐ͘
ϸEĞƚŽĨĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĂƚŝŽŶ͘

ϲ͘ϭ          &ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚ͕ǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƚĞĐŚŶŝƋƵĞƐĂŶĚŝŶƉƵƚƐ

ǆƚĞƌŶĂů͕ŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞƌƐ͕ŚĂǀŝŶŐĂƉƉƌŽƉƌŝĂƚĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚƉƌŽĨĞƐƐŝŽŶĂůƋƵĂůŝĨŝĐĂƚŝŽŶƐĂŶĚƌĞĐĞŶƚĞǆƉĞƌŝĞŶĐĞŝŶƚŚĞůŽĐĂƚŝŽŶĂŶĚĐĂƚĞŐŽƌǇŽĨ
the property being valued, value the Group’s dairy, pastoral and orchard properties at least every 12 months. The fair values are based on market
ǀĂůƵĞƐ͕ďĞŝŶŐƚŚĞĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚĂŵŽƵŶƚĨŽƌǁŚŝĐŚĂƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇĐŽƵůĚďĞĞǆĐŚĂŶŐĞĚŽŶƚŚĞĚĂƚĞŽĨƚŚĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶďĞƚǁĞĞŶĂǁŝůůŝŶŐďƵǇĞƌĂŶĚĂǁŝůůŝŶŐ
seller in an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without
ĐŽŵƉƵůƐŝŽŶ͘sĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƐƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚŽŶƚŚĞĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĞƐƚĂƚĞƐĂƌĞŵĂĚĞĂŶĚĞǀĂůƵĂƚĞĚďǇƚŚĞĐŽŵƉĂŶǇƵƐŝŶŐĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚĞĚĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐ͕ǁŝƚŚ
ŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚŵĂƌŬĞƚŝŶƉƵƚƐĨƌŽŵŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞƌƐ͘

/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐĂƌĞĐůĂƐƐŝĨŝĞĚĂƐůĞǀĞůϯ;ŝŶƉƵƚƐĂƌĞƵŶŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞĨŽƌƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚŽƌůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇͿƵŶĚĞƌƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŚŝĞƌĂƌĐŚǇŽŶƚŚĞďĂƐŝƐƚŚĂƚ
ĂĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚƐŵƵƐƚďĞŵĂĚĞƚŽŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞĚĂƚĂŽĨƐŝŵŝůĂƌƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐƚŽĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨĂŶŝŶĚŝǀŝĚƵĂůƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇ͘




                                                                                                                                                                                              ϭϭ
                                                                                                                                                                NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                                                    25
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϲ͘ϭ        &ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚ͕ǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƚĞĐŚŶŝƋƵĞƐĂŶĚŝŶƉƵƚƐ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

ƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞǇĞĂƌƚŚĞƌĞǁĞƌĞŶŽƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƐŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇďĞƚǁĞĞŶůĞǀĞůƐŽĨƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŚŝĞƌĂƌĐŚǇ͘dŚĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƚĞĐŚŶŝƋƵĞƐƵƐĞĚŝŶ
ŵĞĂƐƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇ͕ĂƐǁĞůůĂƐƚŚĞƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚƵŶŽďƐĞƌǀĂďůĞŝŶƉƵƚƐƵƐĞĚĂƌĞĂƐĨŽůůŽǁƐ͗

/ŶϮϬϮϰ͕ŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐǁĞƌĞĂƐƐĞƐƐĞĚŽŶĂĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞďĂƐŝƐĂƐƚŚĞĨƌĞĞŚŽůĚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇǀĂůƵĞĂŶĚƚŚĞƌĞƐŝĚƵĂƌǇŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚ͕ďĞŝŶŐƚŚĞŶĞƚƉƌĞƐĞŶƚ
ǀĂůƵĞŽĨĞǆƉĞĐƚĞĚĨƵƚƵƌĞƉĞƌŝŽĚƐŽĨƚŚĞĞǆĐĞƐƐŽĨƚŚĞĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƌĞŶƚĂůƚĞƌŵƐŽǀĞƌĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚŵĂƌŬĞƚƌĞŶƚƐ͘dŚĞƌĞƐŝĚƵĂƌǇŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶĐůƵĚĞƐƉƌŽũĞĐƚĞĚ
ŝŶĐŽŵĞĨƌŽŵƚŚĞůĞƐƐĞĞƐĞǆĞƌĐŝƐŝŶŐƚŚĞŝƌƌŝŐŚƚŽĨƌĞŶĞǁĂůĂƚĂďŽǀĞŵĂƌŬĞƚƌĂƚĞƐĨŽƌƚŚĞϮŶĚĂŶĚϯƌĚƉĞƌŝŽĚƐŽĨƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞƐ͘


/ŶϮϬϮϯ͕ƚŚĞŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ;ĞǆĐĞƉƚĨŽƌĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐͿǁĞƌĞĂƐƐĞƐƐĞĚŽŶĂĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞďĂƐŝƐƵƚŝůŝƐŝŶŐƚŚĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚĨŽƌƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐ
ŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĂƐůĞƐƐŽƌĂŶĚĂŵĂƌŬĞƚĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚƚŽĂƐƐĞƐƐƚŚĞƌĞǀĞƌƐŝŽŶĂƌǇǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚƐĂƚƚŚĞĞǆƉŝƌǇŽĨƚŚĞĐƵƌƌĞŶƚůĞĂƐĞƚĞƌŵƐ͘dŚĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶ
ŝŶĐůƵĚĞƐƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌĂƚŝŽŶŵĂĚĞďǇƚŚĞǀĂůƵĞƌĨŽƌƚŚĞĂƉƉůŝĐĂďůĞĐůŝŵĂƚĞƌŝƐŬƐ͘dŚĞŶĞƚƉƌĞƐĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞŝŶĐŽŵĞƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚƵŶĚĞƌƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞ
ĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚƐŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶĂƐƐĞƐƐĞĚƚŽďĞĂďŽǀĞƉƌĞǀĂŝůŝŶŐŵĂƌŬĞƚůĞĂƐĞƐĨŽƌƐŝŵŝůĂƌĂƐƐĞƚƐ͘dŚŝƐƌĞƐƵůƚƐŝŶƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĂƐƐĞƐƐŵĞŶƚŝŶƚŚĞ
ůĞĂƐĞƐďĞŝŶŐŐƌĞĂƚĞƌƚŚĂŶƚŚĞĐƵƌƌĞŶƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞĨŽƌƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚŽŶƚŚĞďĂƐŝƐŽĨƚŚĞŽŵƉĂƌĂďůĞ^ĂůĞƐƉƉƌŽĂĐŚ͘

<ĞǇŝŶƉƵƚƐƵƐĞĚƚŽŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨƉĂƐƚŽƌĂů͗                                                                              ϮϬϮϰ                 ϮϬϮϯ
  W/ĨŽƌĞĐĂƐƚ;ϮϬϮϲŽŶǁĂƌĚƐͿ                                                                                                  Ϯ͘ϬϬй                Ϯ͘ϬϬй
  ŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞ;ƉƌĞͲƚĂǆŽŶĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚĞĚͿ                                                                                          Eͬ                ϳ͘ϯϱй
  >ĂŶĚǀĂůƵĞŐƌŽǁƚŚƌĂƚĞ                                                                                                        Eͬ                Ϯ͘ϳϱй
  tƉŽƐƚƚĂǆŽŶĞǆĐĞƐƐŽĨĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚůĞĂƐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞŽǀĞƌĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚŵĂƌŬĞƚƌĞŶƚ                                                 ϳ͘ϮϬй                  Eͬ
  ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚŵĂƌŬĞƚƌĞŶƚĂůĂƐĂƉĞƌĐĞŶƚĂŐĞŽĨĨƌĞĞŚŽůĚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇǀĂůƵĞ                                                          ϰ͘ϰϬй                  Eͬ
  ǆƉĞĐƚĂƚŝŽŶŽĨůĞĂƐĞďǇůĞƐƐĞĞĂƚĨŝƌƐƚƌŝŐŚƚŽĨƌĞŶĞǁĂů                                                                    ϳϱ͘ϬϬй                  Eͬ
  ǆƉĞĐƚĂƚŝŽŶŽĨůĞĂƐĞďǇůĞƐƐĞĞĂƚƐĞĐŽŶĚƌŝŐŚƚŽĨƌĞŶĞǁĂů                                                                   ϱϬ͘ϬϬй                  Eͬ

<ĞǇŝŶƉƵƚƐƵƐĞĚƚŽŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨŽƌĐŚĂƌĚĂƐƐĞƚƐ͗                                                                         ϮϬϮϰ               ϮϬϮϯΎ
  W/ĨŽƌĞĐĂƐƚ;ϮϬϮϲŽŶǁĂƌĚƐͿ                                                                                                   Ϯ͘ϬϬй                 Eͬ
  WŽƐƚͲƚĂǆĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞŽŶĞǆĐĞƐƐŽĨĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚĞĚůĞĂƐĞŽǀĞƌĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚŵĂƌŬĞƚƌĞŶƚ                                               ϴ͘ϭϬй                 Eͬ
  ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚŵĂƌŬĞƚƌĞŶƚĂůĂƐĂƉĞƌĐĞŶƚĂŐĞŽĨĨƌĞĞŚŽůĚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇǀĂůƵĞ                                                           ϰ͘ϱϬй                 Eͬ

ΎdŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞĚƚŚĞŝƌĨŝƌƐƚŽƌĐŚĂƌĚĚƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͘

                                                                                                                          DĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚƐĞŶƐŝƚŝǀŝƚǇ
                                                                                                                        /ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶ ĞĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶ
<ĞǇǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŝŶƉƵƚ                     ĞƐĐƌŝƉƚŝŽŶ                                                                         ŝŶƉƵƚ       ŝŶƉƵƚ
W/                                     dŚĞĞǆƉĞĐƚĞĚŝŶĨůĂƚŝŽŶŝŶĐƌĞĂƐĞĂƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ͘hƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞ         /ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞ      ĞĐƌĞĂƐĞ
                                        ŝŶĐŽŵĞĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚ͘

ŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞ                           dŚĞƌĂƚĞĂƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚĨƵƚƵƌĞĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐ͕ŝƚƌĞĨůĞĐƚƐƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĂů        ĞĐƌĞĂƐĞ            /ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞ
                                        ĞǀŝĚĞŶĐĞĨƌŽŵƐŝŵŝůĂƌƚǇƉĞƐŽĨƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇĂƐƐĞƚƐ͘hƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ
                                        ĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚ͘

DĂƌŬĞƚƌĞŶƚĂůĂƐƐĞƐƐŵĞŶƚ                dŚĞǀĂůƵĞƌΖƐĂƐƐĞƐƐŵĞŶƚŽĨƚŚĞĂŶŶƵĂůŶĞƚŵĂƌŬĞƚŝŶĐŽŵĞƉĞƌŚĞĐƚĂƌĞ             ĞĐƌĞĂƐĞ           /ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞΎ
                                        ĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇ͘hƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚ͘



ΎĚĞĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶŵĂƌŬĞƚƌĞŶƚĂůĂƐƐĞƐƐŵĞŶƚŵĂǇƌĞƐƵůƚŝŶĂŶŝŶĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶƚŚĞůĞƐƐŽƌŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚǀĂůƵĞ͕ĂƐƐƵŵŝŶŐƚŚĞĨĞĞƐŝŵƉůĞǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇ
ƌĞŵĂŝŶƐƐƚĂďůĞ͘




                                                                                                                                                      ϭϮ
                                                                                                                          NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                            26
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϲ͘ϭ        &ĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚ͕ǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƚĞĐŚŶŝƋƵĞƐĂŶĚŝŶƉƵƚƐ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

&ŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐ͗

&ŽƌƚŚĞĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐ͕ĂŵĂƌŬĞƚĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚŚĂƐďĞĞŶƵƐĞĚƚŽĂƐƐĞƐƐƚŚĞƌĞǀĞƌƐŝŽŶĂƌǇǀĂůƵĞ͘

dŚĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐŚĂƐďĞĞŶĂƐƐĞƐƐĞĚƵƚŝůŝƐŝŶŐƚŚĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚĨŽƌƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĂƐĂůĞƐƐŽƌĂŶĚĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚĞĚƉŽƐƚͲůĞĂƐĞ
ĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐ͘dŚĞǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞƉŽƐƚůĞĂƐĞƉĞƌŝŽĚŝƐďĂƐĞĚŽŶĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚĐĂƌďŽŶƉƌŽĚƵĐƚŝŽŶĂŶĚĐĂƌďŽŶƵŶŝƚƉƌŝĐŝŶŐ͘

dǁŽĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐǁĞƌĞĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚĚƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͘dŚĞĨŝƌƐƚĂƐƐĞƚǁĂƐĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚĂƐďĂƌĞůĂŶĚǁŝƚŚƉůĂŶƚŝŶŐƚŽďĞ
ĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞĚŝŶϮϬϮϰ͕ĂŶĚŝƐůĞĂƐĞĚƚŽĂƚŚŝƌĚƉĂƌƚǇƵŶƚŝůϮϬϰϬ͘dŚĞƐĞĐŽŶĚĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶŝƐĂŶĞƐƚĂďůŝƐŚĞĚĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚǁŝƚŚĂƌĞĂƐƐƚŝůůƚŽďĞƉůĂŶƚĞĚ͕
ůĞĂƐĞĚƚŽĂƚŚŝƌĚƉĂƌƚǇǁŝƚŚĞǆƉŝƌǇŝŶϮϬϰϲ͘


dŚĞƚĞŶĂŶƚƐŽĨďŽƚŚƐŝƚĞƐŚĂǀĞůĞĂƐĞĚƚŚĞůĂŶĚƚŽĚĞƌŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĨƌŽŵĞŝƚŚĞƌĐĂƌďŽŶŽƌƚŝŵďĞƌ͘/ƚŝƐĂƐƐƵŵĞĚďĂƐĞĚŽŶƚŚĞĐƵƌƌĞŶƚƉƌŝĐŝŶŐĂŶĚ
ŽƵƚůŽŽŬƚŚĂƚĐĂƌďŽŶǁŝůůďĞƚŚĞŵŽƐƚůŝŬĞůǇŝŶĐŽŵĞƐŽƵƌĐĞ͕ŝƚŝƐƚŚĞƌĞĨŽƌĞĂƐƐƵŵĞĚƚŚĂƚƚŚĞĨŽƌĞƐƚƐǁŝůůŶŽƚďĞŚĂƌǀĞƐƚĞĚĂŶĚǁŝůůƐůŽǁůǇƌĞǀĞƌƚƚŽ
ŶĂƚŝǀĞĨŽƌĞƐƚ͘


dŚĞǀĂůƵĞƐĂĚŽƉƚĞĚŝŶƚŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĨŽƌƚŚĞĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐĂƌĞƐƵŵŵĂƌŝƐĞĚĂƐ;ΨϬϬϬͿ͗

                                                                                                                         >ĞĂƐĞ        WŽƐƚͲůĞĂƐĞ                     dŽƚĂů
ϮϬϮϰ                                                                                                                    ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ
ůŽĐŬKŶĞ                                                                                                              ϲϬ͕ϵϬϬ ϭϮ͕ϮϬϬ ϳϯ͕ϭϬϬ
ůŽĐŬdǁŽ                                                                                                                ϱ͕ϬϬϬ ϭϮ͕ϮϬϬ ϭϳ͕ϮϬϬ
ůŽĐŬdŚƌĞĞ                                                                                                              ϱ͕ϴϬϬ ϭϭ͕ϵϬϬ ϭϳ͕ϳϬϬ
ůŽĐŬ&ŽƵƌ                                                                                                               ϲ͕ϮϬϬ ϱ͕ϬϬϬ ϭϭ͕ϮϬϬ
                                                                                                          ϳϳ͕ϵϬϬ ϰϭ͕ϯϬϬ ϭϭϵ͕ϮϬϬ

                                                                                                                         >ĞĂƐĞ        WŽƐƚͲůĞĂƐĞ                    dŽƚĂů
ϮϬϮϯ                                                                                                                    ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ              ΨΖϬϬϬ
ůŽĐŬKŶĞ                                                                                                              ϱϳ͕ϭϯϬ ϭϯ͕ϯϳϬ ϳϬ͕ϱϬϬ
ůŽĐŬdǁŽ                                                                                                                ϱ͕ϬϬϭ ϭϰ͕ϮϬϬ ϭϵ͕ϮϬϭ
                                                                                                          ϲϮ͕ϭϯϭ Ϯϳ͕ϱϳϬ ϴϵ͕ϳϬϭ

dŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŐĂŝŶƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƌĞůĂƚŝŽŶƚŽĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐǁĂƐΨϭϮ͘ϮŵŝůůŝŽŶ;ϮϬϮϯ͗Ψϭϴ͘ϭŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ͘

dŚĞƉŽƐƚůĞĂƐĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐŚĂƐƚŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐŬĞǇŝŶƉƵƚƐƵƐĞĚƚŽŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞ͗
                                                                                                                                                                  ϮϬϮϰ
ŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞ;ůĞĂƐĞƉĞƌŝŽĚͿͲůŽĐŬKŶĞ                                                                                                                         ϴ͘ϬϬй
ŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞ;ůĞĂƐĞƉĞƌŝŽĚͿͲůŽĐŬƐdǁŽͲ&ŽƵƌ                                                                                                                   ϳ͘ϮϬй
ŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞ;ƉŽƐƚͲůĞĂƐĞͿ                                                                                                                                       ϵ͘ϵϬй
EhŵĂƌŬĞƚƉƌŝĐĞϮϬϯϵΎ                                                                                                                                            ΨϮϬϯ
EhŵĂƌŬĞƚƉƌŝĐĞϮϬϰϬΎ                                                                                                                                            ΨϮϬϳ
EhŵĂƌŬĞƚƉƌŝĐĞϮϬϰϯΎ                                                                                                                                            ΨϮϮϬ
EhŵĂƌŬĞƚƉƌŝĐĞϮϬϰϲΎ                                                                                                                                            ΨϮϯϯ
>ŽŶŐƚĞƌŵEhƉƌŝĐĞŐƌŽǁƚŚƌĂƚĞĨƌŽŵϮϬϯϭ                                                                                                                        Ϯ͘ϬϬй

                                                                                                                                                                     ϮϬϮϯ
ŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞ                                                                                                                                                       ϵ͘ϲϬй
EhŵĂƌŬĞƚƉƌŝĐĞ:ĂŶƵĂƌǇϮϬϯϵΎ                                                                                                                                       ΨϮϯϰ
EhŵĂƌŬĞƚƉƌŝĐĞƉƌŝůϮϬϰϯΎ                                                                                                                                         ΨϮϱϱ
EhΖƐƉĞƌͲŚĞĐƚĂƌĞĂƚůĞĂƐĞĞŶĚ                                                                                                                        ϱϭ͕ϱϬϬ
>ŽŶŐƚĞƌŵEhƉƌŝĐĞŐƌŽǁƚŚƌĂƚĞĨƌŽŵϮϬϯϭ                                                                                                                           Ϯ͘ϭϬй

ΎZĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚƐEhŵĂƌŬĞƚƉƌŝĐĞĂƚĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶƚĞŶĚĚĂƚĞƐŽĨůĞĂƐĞƐ͘EhƉƌŝĐŝŶŐŚĂƐďĞĞŶĨŽƌĞĐĂƐƚĂŶĚƚŚĞŵŝĚͲƉŽŝŶƚŝƐĂĚŽƉƚĞĚĨŽƌƚŚĞƐĞƉƵƌƉŽƐĞƐ͘

dŚĞĐƵƌƌĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞŝƐĂůƐŽĚƌŝǀĞŶďǇƚŚĞǀŽůƵŵĞƐŽĨĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚĐĂƌďŽŶƐĞƋƵĞƐƚƌĂƚŝŽŶŽǀĞƌƚŚĞůŝĨĞŽĨƚŚĞĨŽƌĞƐƚǁŚŝĐŚŚĂƐďĞĞŶŵŽĚĞůůĞĚďǇĞǆƚĞƌŶĂů
ĞǆƉĞƌƚƐďĂƐĞĚŽŶĐŽŵƉĂƌĂďůĞƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐĂŶĚƚŚĞ/ϯϬϬŵĞƚŚŽĚǁŚŝĐŚŝƐƵƐĞĚƚŽĞǆƉƌĞƐƐƚŚĞƉƌŽĚƵĐƚŝǀŝƚǇŽĨĂƐŝƚĞŝŶƚĞƌŵƐŽĨǀŽůƵŵĞŐƌŽǁƚŚĨŽƌ
WŝŶƵƐƌĂĚŝĂƚĂ͘/ƚŝƐƚŚĞŵĞĂŶĂŶŶƵĂůǀŽůƵŵĞŝŶĐƌĞŵĞŶƚŝŶĐƵďŝĐŵĞƚƌĞƐƉĞƌŚĞĐƚĂƌĞŽĨĂϯϬϬƐƚĞŵƉĞƌŚĞĐƚĂƌĞZĂĚŝĂƚĂƉŝŶĞƐƚĂŶĚĂƚĂŐĞϯϬǇĞĂƌƐ͘Ɛ
ĂŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŽĨƉƌŽĚƵĐƚŝǀŝƚǇƵƐĞĚŝŶŵŽĚĞůůŝŶŐĂŶĚĨŽƌĞĐĂƐƚŝŶŐƚƌĞĞŐƌŽǁƚŚĂŶĚƐƚĂŶĚǇŝĞůĚ͕ŝƚŝƐƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚĞǀĞŶǁŚĞƌĞĐƌŽƉƐĂƌĞŶŽƚŝŶƚĞŶĚĞĚƚŽďĞ
ƚŚŝŶŶĞĚƚŽĂƐƚŽĐŬŝŶŐĂƐůŽǁĂƐϯϬϬƐƚĞŵƐƉĞƌŚĞĐƚĂƌĞŽƌŐƌŽǁŶƚŽĂŐĞϯϬ͘




                                                                                                                                                                   ϭϯ
                                                                                                                                    NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                          27
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϲ͘Ϯ        sĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŵĞƚŚŽĚŽůŽŐǇŽĨĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐ
                                                                                                                                DĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚƐĞŶƐŝƚŝǀŝƚǇ
                                                                                                                              /ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶ ĞĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶ
<ĞǇǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŝŶƉƵƚ                      ĞƐĐƌŝƉƚŝŽŶ                                                                              ŝŶƉƵƚ       ŝŶƉƵƚ
W/                                      dŚĞĞǆƉĞĐƚĞĚŝŶĨůĂƚŝŽŶŝŶĐƌĞĂƐĞĂƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ͘hƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞ              /ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞ      ĞĐƌĞĂƐĞ
                                         ŝŶĐŽŵĞĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚ͘

ŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞ                            dŚĞƌĂƚĞĂƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚĨƵƚƵƌĞĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐ͕ŝƚƌĞĨůĞĐƚƐƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĂů             ĞĐƌĞĂƐĞ              /ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞ
                                         ĞǀŝĚĞŶĐĞĨƌŽŵƐŝŵŝůĂƌƚǇƉĞƐŽĨƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇĂƐƐĞƚƐ͘hƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ
                                         ĂƉƉƌŽĂĐŚ͘

&ŽƌĞĐĂƐƚEhƉƌŝĐĞƐ                      sĂůƵĞĂĚŽƉƚĞĚďǇŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚďĂƐĞĚŽŶĂĚǀŝĐĞĨƌŽŵ<WD'͘                                 /ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞ            ĞĐƌĞĂƐĞ

dŚĞŬĞǇƚǁŽƐƵďũĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶƉƵƚƐŝŶƚŽƚŚĞƉŽƐƚͲůĞĂƐĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶĂƌĞ͗
        ϭ͘ ŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞŽĨϵ͘ϵϬй͘
        Ϯ͘ The prices of NZU’s at lease termination

dŚĞĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƌĂƚĞŽĨϵ͘ϵϬйŚĂƐďĞĞŶĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚďǇƵƚŝůŝƐŝŶŐƚŚĞĂƉŝƚĂůƐƐĞƚWƌŝĐŝŶŐDŽĚĞů;WDͿƚŽĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞtĨŽƌƚŚŝƐƚǇƉĞŽĨĂƐƐĞƚďǇ
ĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůĞǆƉĞƌƚƐ;<WD'Ϳ͘

The Group engaged an independent third party expert (KPMG) to provide guidance on the expected future price path of NZU’s over the next 40
ǇĞĂƌƐ͘dŚĞǇƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚƚŚƌĞĞƐĐĞŶĂƌŝŽƐĂŶĚĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚǀĂůƵĞƐĂƐĨŽůůŽǁƐ͗

ϮϬϮϰ                                                                                                                 >Žǁ               DŝĚ                ,ŝŐŚ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐĨŽƌϮϬϯϵ                                                                                                    Ψϵϴ                ΨϮϬϯ                 ΨϯϬϴ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐĨŽƌϮϬϰϬ                                                                                                   ΨϭϬϬ                ΨϮϬϳ                 Ψϯϭϰ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐĨŽƌϮϬϰϯ                                                                                                   ΨϭϬϲ                ΨϮϮϬ                 Ψϯϯϯ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐĨŽƌϮϬϰϲ                                                                                                   Ψϭϭϯ                ΨϮϯϯ                 Ψϯϱϰ

ϮϬϮϯ                                                                                                                 >Žǁ               DŝĚ                ,ŝŐŚ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐĨŽƌϮϬϯϵ                                                                                                   Ψϭϯϰ                ΨϮϯϰ                 Ψϯϯϱ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐĨŽƌϮϬϰϯ                                                                                                   Ψϭϰϲ                ΨϮϱϱ                 Ψϯϲϰ

DĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĂĚŽƉƚĞĚƚŚĞDŝĚƐĐĞŶĂƌŝŽŝŶƚŚĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƐĂƐĂŵŝĚͲƉŽŝŶƚďĞƚǁĞĞŶƚǁŽƉƌŝĐĞƉĂƚŚƐĚĞĞŵĞĚƚŽďĞŽƉƚŝŵŝƐƚŝĐĂŶĚƉĞƐƐŝŵŝƐƚŝĐ͘

ƵƌŝŶŐϮϬϮϰ͕EhĞǆƉĞƌŝĞŶĐĞĚǀŽůĂƚŝůŝƚǇŝŶƚŚĞŝƌƉƌŝĐĞƐ͕ĂŶĚƚŚĞƌĂŶŐĞŽĨƉŽƚĞŶƚŝĂůĨƵƚƵƌĞŽƵƚĐŽŵĞƐŝƐƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚ͘

dŚĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇĂƐƐĞƚƐŝƐƐĞŶƐŝƚŝǀĞƚŽĐŚĂŶŐĞƐŝŶƚŚĞĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚĨƵƚƵƌĞƉƌŝĐĞƐ͘dŚĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŽĨΨϭϭϵ͘ϮŵŝůůŝŽŶĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ
ǁŽƵůĚďĞŝŵƉĂĐƚĞĚĂƐĨŽůůŽǁƐŝĨĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶƚƉƌŝĐĞƉĂƚŚĂƐƐƵŵƉƚŝŽŶƐŚĂĚďĞĞŶĂƉƉůŝĞĚ͗

                                                                                                                                        ZĞǀŝƐĞĚ
                                                                                                                                    sĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶ                 /ŵƉĂĐƚ
                                                                                                                                           ΨΖϬϬϬ             ΨΖϬϬϬ
>ŽǁƉƌŝĐĞƉĂƚŚ                                                                                                               ϳϵ͕ϵϳϯ ;ϯϵ͕ϮϬϬͿ
,ŝŐŚƉƌŝĐĞƉĂƚŚ                                                                                                              ϭϱϰ͕ϰϯϲ ϯϱ͕ϮϬϬ




                                                                                                                                                               ϭϰ
                                                                                                                                 NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                     28
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϳ          ƐƐĞƚƐŚĞůĚĨŽƌƐĂůĞ
                                                                                                                                        ϮϬϮϰ                ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                       ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ
ZƵƌĂůůĂŶĚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐŚĞůĚĨŽƌƐĂůĞ                                                                                      ϭϭ͕ϯϱϱ Ͳ
                                                                                                                         ϭϭ͕ϯϱϱ Ͳ

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĞŶƚĞƌĞĚŝŶƚŽĂĐŽŶĚŝƚŝŽŶĂůĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚǁŝƚŚĂƚĞŶĂŶƚǁŚŝĐŚŝŶǀŽůǀĞƐƚŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐ͗
    •     ĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶŽĨůĂŶĚĨƌŽŵƚŚĞƚĞŶĂŶƚĨŽƌĂƉƉƌŽǆŝŵĂƚĞůǇΨϭϱ͘ϱŵŝůůŝŽŶ͘ƐĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌĂƚŝŽŶ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉǁŝůůƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇŚĞůĚĨŽƌƐĂůĞĂŶĚ
          ĐĂƐŚƚŽƚŚĞƚĞŶĂŶƚ͘dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉǁŝůůƚŚĞŶůĞĂƐĞƚŚĞĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚůĂŶĚƚŽƚŚĞƚĞŶĂŶƚ͘
      •    dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉǁŽƌŬŝŶŐǁŝƚŚĂŶŽƚŚĞƌƵŶƌĞůĂƚĞĚƚĞŶĂŶƚŚĂƐĂŐƌĞĞĚƚŽƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƐĞǀĞƌĂůůĞĂƐĞƐƚŽƚŚĞƚĞŶĂŶƚ͘dŚĞůĞĂƐĞƐŚĂǀĞĂĐŽŵďŝŶĞĚ
           ĂŶŶƵĂůƉĂǇŵĞŶƚŽĨΨϯ͘ϰŵŝůůŝŽŶ;ϮϬϮϰĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůǇĞĂƌͿ͘dŚĞƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌǁŝůůďĞŵĞĐŚĂŶŝƐĞĚƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƚŚĞůĞŐĂůƐƵƌƌĞŶĚĞƌŽĨƚŚĞŽůĚůĞĂƐĞ
           ĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚƐǁŝƚŚƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƚŚĞŶĞŶƚĞƌŝŶŐŝŶƚŽĂŶĞǁůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚǁŝƚŚƚŚĞƚĞŶĂŶƚƵŶĚĞƌƐƵďƐƚĂŶƚŝĂůůǇƚŚĞƐĂŵĞƚĞƌŵƐ͘
      •    ĐĂůůŽƉƚŝŽŶǁŝůůďĞŐƌĂŶƚĞĚďǇƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƚŽƚŚĞƚĞŶĂŶƚƐƵĐŚƚŚĂƚŝƚĐĂŶƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞƚŚĞůĂŶĚŽĨƚŚĞƚƌĂŶƐĨĞƌƌĞĚůĞĂƐĞƐĨŽƌĂƉƉƌŽǆŝŵĂƚĞůǇ
           ƚŚĞŝƌĐƵƌƌĞŶƚǀĂůƵĞ;ĂƐŽĨϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰͿ͘dŚĞŽƉƚŝŽŶĐĂŶďĞĞǆĞƌĐŝƐĞĚŽŶŽƌďĞĨŽƌĞDĂǇϮϬϮϳ͘dŚŝƐĐĂůůŽƉƚŝŽŶƌĞůĂƚĞƐƚŽƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ
           ƚŚĂƚŚĂǀĞĂŶĂĐĐƵŵƵůĂƚĞĚǀĂůƵĞŽĨΨϲϬŵŝůůŝŽŶ;ŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐͿ͘DĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĚŽŶŽƚďĞůŝĞǀĞƚŚĂƚŝƚŝƐŚŝŐŚůǇƉƌŽďĂďůĞƚŚĂƚƚŚĞ
           ĐĂůůŽƉƚŝŽŶǁŝůůďĞĞǆĞƌĐŝƐĞĚǁŝƚŚŝŶƚŚĞŶĞǆƚϭϮŵŽŶƚŚƐĂŶĚƚŚĞƌĞĨŽƌĞŚĂǀĞŶŽƚƚƌĞĂƚĞĚƚŚĞƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐĂƐŚĞůĚĨŽƌƐĂůĞ͘
      •    dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĐŽŵŵŝƚƚĞĚƚŽĐĂƉŝƚĂůƉƌŽũĞĐƚƐŽĨΨϮŵŝůůŝŽŶŽŶůĂŶĚůĞĂƐĞĚƚŽƚŚĞƚĞŶĂŶƚ͘dŚĞĐŽŵƉůĞƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞƐĞƉƌŽũĞĐƚƐǁŝůůƌĞƐƵůƚŝŶĂ
           ĐŽƌƌĞƐƉŽŶĚŝŶŐƵƉůŝĨƚŝŶƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƐ͘

ϴ          ZĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞ

ZĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞĨƌŽŵŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐůĞĂƐĞĚƚŽĐůŝĞŶƚƐƵŶĚĞƌŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐůĞĂƐĞƐŝƐƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞ
ŝŶĐŽŵĞŽŶĂƐƚƌĂŝŐŚƚͲůŝŶĞďĂƐŝƐŽǀĞƌƚŚĞƚĞƌŵŽĨƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞ͕ƚĂŬŝŶŐŝŶƚŽĂĐĐŽƵŶƚƌĞŶƚĨƌĞĞƉĞƌŝŽĚƐ͘tŚĞƌĞůĞĂƐĞŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐĂƌĞƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚƚŽ
ĐƵƐƚŽŵĞƌƐ͕ƚŚĞĐŽƐƚŽĨŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŽǀĞƌƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞƚĞƌŵŽŶĂƐƚƌĂŝŐŚƚͲůŝŶĞďĂƐŝƐĂƐĂƌĞĚƵĐƚŝŽŶƚŽƌĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞ͘

                                                                                                                                     ϮϬϮϰ                    ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                    ΨΖϬϬϬ                   ΨΖϬϬϬ
'ƌŽƐƐůĞĂƐĞƌĞĐĞŝƉƚƐ                                                                                                               ϮϬ͕Ϯϴϱ                 ϭϱ͕ϵϯϴ
^ƚƌĂŝŐŚƚůŝŶĞƌĞŶƚĂůĂĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚƐ                                                                                                      ;ϮϮͿ                  ;ϭϮϬͿ
ZĞǀĞŶƵĞƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚŝŶĂĚǀĂŶĐĞĂĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚƐ                                                                                             ;ϮϭϴͿ                   ;ϮϵϮͿ
ŵŽƌƚŝƐĂƚŝŽŶŽĨĐĂƉŝƚĂůŝƐĞĚůĞĂƐĞŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐ                                                                                        ;ϭϳϲͿ                   ;ϭϳϲͿ
ZĞŶƚĂůŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                                                                                      ϭϵ͕ϴϲϵ                 ϭϱ͕ϯϱϬ

ϴ͘ϭ        >ĞƐƐŽƌĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƵĂůŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐůĞĂƐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĞŶƚĞƌĞĚŝŶƚŽŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇůĞĂƐĞƐ;ĂƐůĞƐƐŽƌͿǁŚŝĐŚŚĂǀĞƌĞŵĂŝŶŝŶŐŶŽŶͲĐĂŶĐĞůůĂďůĞůĞĂƐĞƚĞƌŵƐŽĨďĞƚǁĞĞŶϭϬĂŶĚϮϬǇĞĂƌƐ͘



                                                                                                                                       ϮϬϮϰ                 ϮϬϮϯ
&ƵƚƵƌĞŵŝŶŝŵƵŵƌĞŶƚĂůƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐƵŶĚĞƌŶŽŶͲĐĂŶĐĞůůĂďůĞŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐůĞĂƐĞƐĂƌĞĂƐĨŽůůŽǁƐ͗                                               ΨΖϬϬϬ                ΨΖϬϬϬ
tŝƚŚŝŶϭǇĞĂƌ                                                                                                            ϯϰ͕Ϭϰϰ ϭϲ͕ϵϱϰ
ĨƚĞƌϭǇĞĂƌďƵƚŶŽƚŵŽƌĞƚŚĂŶϱǇĞĂƌƐ                                                                                   ϭϯϲ͕ϭϳϳ ϲϳ͕ϴϭϳ
DŽƌĞƚŚĂŶϱǇĞĂƌƐ                                                                                                        ϭϭϮ͕ϯϮϮ ϭϭϲ͕ϲϯϯ
dŽƚĂůƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐůĞĂƐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                                                    ϮϴϮ͕ϱϰϯ ϮϬϭ͕ϰϬϰ

dŚĞĐŽŵŵŝƚŵĞŶƚƐĂďŽǀĞĂƌĞĐĂůĐƵůĂƚĞĚďĂƐĞĚŽŶƚŚĞĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƌĂƚĞƐƵƐŝŶŐƚŚĞƚĞƌŵĐĞƌƚĂŝŶĞǆƉŝƌǇĚĂƚĞƐŽĨůĞĂƐĞĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƐ͘ĐƚƵĂůƌĞŶƚĂůĂŵŽƵŶƚƐ
ŝŶĨƵƚƵƌĞŵĂǇĚŝĨĨĞƌĚƵĞƚŽW/ĂĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚƐǁŝƚŚŝŶƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘

ϵ          &ŝŶĂŶĐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĂŶĚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ

&ŝŶĂŶĐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞŝŶĐůƵĚĞƐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶĐŽŵĞĚĞƌŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚĂŶǇŐĂŝŶŽŶĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ͘/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶĐŽŵĞĨƌŽŵĂ
ĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚŝƐƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚǁŚĞŶŝƚŝƐƉƌŽďĂďůĞƚŚĂƚƚŚĞĞĐŽŶŽŵŝĐďĞŶĞĨŝƚƐǁŝůůĨůŽǁƚŽƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĂŶĚƚŚĞĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨŝŶĐŽŵĞĐĂŶďĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚ
ƌĞůŝĂďůǇ͘/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶĐŽŵĞŝƐĂĐĐƌƵĞĚŽŶĂƚŝŵĞďĂƐŝƐ͕ďǇƌĞĨĞƌĞŶĐĞƚŽƚŚĞƉƌŝŶĐŝƉĂůŽƵƚƐƚĂŶĚŝŶŐĂŶĚĂƚƚŚĞĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞĂƉƉůŝĐĂďůĞ͕ǁŚŝĐŚŝƐ
ƚŚĞƌĂƚĞƚŚĂƚĞǆĂĐƚůǇĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƐĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚĨƵƚƵƌĞĐĂƐŚƌĞĐĞŝƉƚƐƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƚŚĞĞǆƉĞĐƚĞĚůŝĨĞŽĨƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƚŽƚŚĂƚĂƐƐĞƚΖƐŶĞƚĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐĂŵŽƵŶƚ
ŽŶŝŶŝƚŝĂůƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶ͘


&ŝŶĂŶĐĞĞǆƉĞŶƐĞŝŶĐůƵĚĞƐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞŝŶĐƵƌƌĞĚŽŶďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐĂŶĚĂŶǇůŽƐƐŽŶĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ͘/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞŝƐ
ƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚƵƐŝŶŐƚŚĞĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŵĞƚŚŽĚ͘




                                                                                                                                                              ϭϱ
                                                                                                                             NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                     29
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϵ          &ŝŶĂŶĐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĂŶĚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

                                                                                                                                     ϮϬϮϰ                ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                     ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ
&ŝŶĂŶĐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ
/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶĐŽŵĞ                                                                                                                      Ϯ͕ϱϱϬ              ϭ͕ϴϳϵ

&ŝŶĂŶĐĞĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ
/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ                                                                                                                   ;ϴ͕ϴϭϬͿ             ;ϴ͕ϴϳϲͿ
>ŽƐƐŽŶĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ                                                                                       ;ϭ͕ϵϵϴͿ             ;Ϯ͕ϱϭϮͿ

EĞƚĨŝŶĂŶĐĞĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ                                                                                                                ;ϴ͕ϮϱϴͿ             ;ϵ͕ϱϬϵͿ

ϭϬ         /ŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆĞƐ

/ŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆĞǆƉĞŶƐĞƌĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚƐƚŚĞƐƵŵŽĨƚŚĞƚĂǆĐƵƌƌĞŶƚůǇƉĂǇĂďůĞĂŶĚĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆ͘

ƵƌƌĞŶƚĂŶĚĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐ͕ĞǆĐĞƉƚǁŚĞŶƚŚĞǇƌĞůĂƚĞƚŽŝƚĞŵƐƚŚĂƚĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶŽƚŚĞƌĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞŽƌ
ĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇŝŶĞƋƵŝƚǇ͕ŝŶǁŚŝĐŚĐĂƐĞ͕ƚŚĞĐƵƌƌĞŶƚĂŶĚĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƌĞĂůƐŽƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶŽƚŚĞƌĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞŽƌĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇŝŶĞƋƵŝƚǇƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŝǀĞůǇ͘



The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from ‘profit before tax’ as reported in the consolidated
ƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞďĞĐĂƵƐĞŽĨŝƚĞŵƐŽĨŝŶĐŽŵĞŽƌĞǆƉĞŶƐĞƚŚĂƚĂƌĞƚĂǆĂďůĞŽƌĚĞĚƵĐƚŝďůĞŝŶŽƚŚĞƌǇĞĂƌƐĂŶĚŝƚĞŵƐƚŚĂƚĂƌĞŶĞǀĞƌ
ƚĂǆĂďůĞŽƌĚĞĚƵĐƚŝďůĞ͘dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐĐƵƌƌĞŶƚƚĂǆŝƐĐĂůĐƵůĂƚĞĚƵƐŝŶŐƚĂǆƌĂƚĞƐƚŚĂƚŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶĞŶĂĐƚĞĚŽƌƐƵďƐƚĂŶƚŝǀĞůǇĞŶĂĐƚĞĚďǇƚŚĞĞŶĚŽĨƚŚĞ
ƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƉĞƌŝŽĚ͘


ϭϬ͘ϭ       /ŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ
                                                                                                                                     ϮϬϮϰ                ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                     ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ
ƵƌƌĞŶƚƚĂǆĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ                                                                                                                      Ͳ                  Ͳ
ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĞǆƉĞŶƐĞͬ;ďĞŶĞĨŝƚͿ                                                                                                       ϵϳϵ              ;ϰϴϯͿ
/ŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆĞǆƉĞŶƐĞͬ;ďĞŶĞĨŝƚͿ                                                                                                         ϵϳϵ              ;ϰϴϯͿ

ZĞĐŽŶĐŝůŝĂƚŝŽŶŽĨŝŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆĞǆƉĞŶƐĞƚŽƉƌŝŵĂĨĂĐŝĞƚĂǆƉĂǇĂďůĞ͗
WƌŽĨŝƚďĞĨŽƌĞƚĂǆ                                                                                                                  Ϯϰ͕Ϭϱϴ             ϭϬ͕ϯϳϭ
/ŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆĞǆƉĞŶƐĞĐĂůĐƵůĂƚĞĚĂƚϮϴй;ϮϬϮϯ͗ϮϴйͿ                                                                                     ϲ͕ϳϯϲ              Ϯ͕ϵϬϰ
ĨĨĞĐƚŽĨĞǆƉĞŶƐĞƐƚŚĂƚĂƌĞŶŽƚĚĞĚƵĐƚŝďůĞŝŶĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶŝŶŐƚĂǆĂďůĞƉƌŽĨŝƚ                                                                ϵϲ                  ϴ
ĨĨĞĐƚŽĨŝŶĐŽŵĞƚŚĂƚŝƐŶŽƚĂƐƐĞƐƐĂďůĞŝŶĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶŝŶŐƚĂǆĂďůĞƉƌŽĨŝƚ                                                              ;ϰ͕ϱϭϴͿ             ;Ϯ͕ϬϲϵͿ
dĂǆĚĞƉƌĞĐŝĂƚŝŽŶ                                                                                                                   ;ϭ͕ϬϬϳͿ             ;ϭ͕ϯϯϯͿ
WŽƌƚŝŽŶŽĨƚĂǆĂďůĞƉƌŽĨŝƚƐĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚ                                                                            ;ϯϮϴͿ                   Ͳ
WƌŝŽƌƉĞƌŝŽĚĂĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚ                                                                                                                  Ͳ                  ϳ
/ŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆĞǆƉĞŶƐĞͬ;ďĞŶĞĨŝƚͿ                                                                                                         ϵϳϵ              ;ϰϴϯͿ

/ƚŝƐĂƐƐƵŵĞĚƚŚĂƚƚŚĞƚĂǆďŽŽŬǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚĂǆĚĞƉƌĞĐŝĂďůĞĂƐƐĞƚƐƌĞĨůĞĐƚƐƚŚĞŝƌŵĂƌŬĞƚǀĂůƵĞƐ͘dŚŝƐĂƐƐƵŵĞƐƚŚĞƌĞǁŽƵůĚďĞŶŽĚĞƉƌĞĐŝĂƚŝŽŶ
ƌĞĐŽǀĞƌĞĚŝĨĚŝƐƉŽƐĞĚŽĨĨŽƌŵĂƌŬĞƚǀĂůƵĞ͘

ϭϬ͘Ϯ       ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƐƐĞƚƐ

ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆŝƐƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŽŶƚĞŵƉŽƌĂƌǇĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞƐďĞƚǁĞĞŶƚŚĞĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐĂŵŽƵŶƚƐŽĨĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐŝŶƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂŶĚƚŚĞ
ĐŽƌƌĞƐƉŽŶĚŝŶŐƚĂǆďĂƐĞƐƵƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞĐŽŵƉƵƚĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚĂǆĂďůĞƉƌŽĨŝƚ͘ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƌĞŐĞŶĞƌĂůůǇƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚĨŽƌĂůůƚĂǆĂďůĞƚĞŵƉŽƌĂƌǇ
ĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞƐ͘ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƐƐĞƚƐĂƌĞŐĞŶĞƌĂůůǇƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚĨŽƌĂůůĚĞĚƵĐƚŝďůĞƚĞŵƉŽƌĂƌǇĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĞǆƚĞŶƚƚŚĂƚŝƚŝƐƉƌŽďĂďůĞƚŚĂƚƚĂǆĂďůĞ
ƉƌŽĨŝƚƐǁŝůůďĞĂǀĂŝůĂďůĞĂŐĂŝŶƐƚǁŚŝĐŚƚŚŽƐĞĚĞĚƵĐƚŝďůĞƚĞŵƉŽƌĂƌǇĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞƐĐĂŶďĞƵƚŝůŝƐĞĚ͘^ƵĐŚĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƌĞŶŽƚ
ƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝĨƚŚĞƚĞŵƉŽƌĂƌǇĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞĂƌŝƐĞƐĨƌŽŵƚŚĞŝŶŝƚŝĂůƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶ;ŽƚŚĞƌƚŚĂŶŝŶĂďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐĐŽŵďŝŶĂƚŝŽŶͿŽĨĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐŝŶĂ
ƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƚŚĂƚĂĨĨĞĐƚƐŶĞŝƚŚĞƌƚŚĞƚĂǆĂďůĞƉƌŽĨŝƚŶŽƌƚŚĞĂĐĐŽƵŶƚŝŶŐƉƌŽĨŝƚ͘/ŶĂĚĚŝƚŝŽŶ͕ĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƌĞŶŽƚƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝĨƚŚĞƚĞŵƉŽƌĂƌǇ
ĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞĂƌŝƐĞƐĨƌŽŵƚŚĞŝŶŝƚŝĂůƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶŽĨŐŽŽĚǁŝůů͘

dŚĞĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƐƐĞƚƐŝƐƌĞǀŝĞǁĞĚĂƚƚŚĞĞŶĚŽĨĞĂĐŚƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƉĞƌŝŽĚĂŶĚƌĞĚƵĐĞĚƚŽƚŚĞĞǆƚĞŶƚƚŚĂƚŝƚŝƐŶŽůŽŶŐĞƌƉƌŽďĂďůĞ
ƚŚĂƚƐƵĨĨŝĐŝĞŶƚƚĂǆĂďůĞƉƌŽĨŝƚƐǁŝůůďĞĂǀĂŝůĂďůĞƚŽĂůůŽǁĂůůŽƌƉĂƌƚŽĨƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚƚŽďĞƌĞĐŽǀĞƌĞĚ͘

ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂŶĚĂƐƐĞƚƐĂƌĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚƚŚĞƚĂǆƌĂƚĞƐƚŚĂƚĂƌĞĞǆƉĞĐƚĞĚƚŽĂƉƉůǇŝŶƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚŝŶǁŚŝĐŚƚŚĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇŝƐƐĞƚƚůĞĚŽƌƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚ
ƌĞĂůŝƐĞĚ͕ďĂƐĞĚŽŶƚĂǆƌĂƚĞƐ;ĂŶĚƚĂǆůĂǁƐͿƚŚĂƚŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶĞŶĂĐƚĞĚŽƌƐƵďƐƚĂŶƚŝǀĞůǇĞŶĂĐƚĞĚďǇƚŚĞĞŶĚŽĨƚŚĞƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƉĞƌŝŽĚ͘




                                                                                                                                                          ϭϲ
                                                                                                                              NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                 30
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϭϬ͘Ϯ       ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƐƐĞƚƐ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

dŚĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂŶĚĂƐƐĞƚƐƌĞĨůĞĐƚƐƚŚĞƚĂǆĐŽŶƐĞƋƵĞŶĐĞƐƚŚĂƚǁŽƵůĚĨŽůůŽǁĨƌŽŵƚŚĞŵĂŶŶĞƌŝŶǁŚŝĐŚƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ
ĞǆƉĞĐƚƐ͕ĂƚƚŚĞĞŶĚŽĨƚŚĞƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƉĞƌŝŽĚ͕ƚŽƌĞĐŽǀĞƌŽƌƐĞƚƚůĞƚŚĞĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨŝƚƐĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ͘



                                                                                                  KƉĞŶŝŶŐ ZĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶ ZĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶ                      ůŽƐŝŶŐ
                                                                                                    ďĂůĂŶĐĞ       ĞƋƵŝƚǇ ƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐ                       ďĂůĂŶĐĞ
ϮϬϮϰ                                                                                                   ΨΖϬϬϬ      ΨΖϬϬϬ                ΨΖϬϬϬ                  ΨΖϬϬϬ
>ĞĂƐĞĨĞĞƐͬ>ĞĂƐĞŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐ                                                           ;ϱϰϰͿ         ϭϯϯ                       ϮϬ ;ϯϵϭͿ
dĂǆůŽƐƐĞƐ                                                                               ϭ͕ϵϰϭ           Ͳ ;ϵϴϵͿ ϵϱϮ
ĂƌďŽŶĐƌĞĚŝƚƐ                                                                                               Ͳ          Ͳ ;ϱͿ ;ϱͿ
ŝƐƉŽƐĂůŽĨĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                           Ͳ          Ͳ ;ϰͿ ;ϰͿ
KƚŚĞƌ                                                                                                        ϭ          Ͳ                      ;ϭͿ                        Ͳ
dŽƚĂůĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƐƐĞƚͬ;ůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇͿ                                                                  ϭ͕ϯϵϴ         ϭϯϯ                  ;ϵϳϵͿ                      ϱϱϮ



                                                                                                                     KƉĞŶŝŶŐ ZĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶ                      ůŽƐŝŶŐ
                                                                                                                      ďĂůĂŶĐĞ ƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐ                      ďĂůĂŶĐĞ
ϮϬϮϯ                                                                                                                    ΨΖϬϬϬ                ΨΖϬϬϬ                 ΨΖϬϬϬ
>ĞĂƐĞĨĞĞƐͬ>ĞĂƐĞŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐ                                                                                            ;ϲϭϴͿ ϳϰ ;ϱϰϰͿ
dĂǆůŽƐƐĞƐ                                                                                                               ϭ͕ϱϯϭ ϰϭϬ ϭ͕ϵϰϭ
KƚŚĞƌ                                                                                                                        Ϯ                     ;ϭͿ                      ϭ
dŽƚĂůĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƐƐĞƚͬ;ůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇͿ                                                                                     ϵϭϱ                    ϰϴϯ                 ϭ͕ϯϵϴ

<ĞǇ:ƵĚŐĞŵĞŶƚ
dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĐŚŽƐĞŶŶŽƚƚŽƌĞďƵƚƚŚĞƉƌĞƐƵŵƉƚŝŽŶŝŶE/^ϭϮ/ŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆĞƐ ƚŚĂƚƚŚĞĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐǀĂůƵĞŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐǁŝůůďĞƌĞĐŽǀĞƌĞĚ
ƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƐĂůĞ͘

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌƐƚŚĂƚĂŶǇĨƵƚƵƌĞŐĂŝŶŽŶƐĂůĞŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐǁŝůůŶŽƚďĞĂƐƐĞƐƐĂďůĞĨŽƌŝŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆƉƵƌƉŽƐĞƐĂƐƚŚĞƐĂůĞŽĨĂĐĂƉŝƚĂů
ĂƐƐĞƚ͘

ϭϭ         ĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐ

ĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐŝŶĐůƵĚĞĐĂƐŚŽŶŚĂŶĚ͕ĚĞƉŽƐŝƚƐŚĞůĚĂƚĐĂůůǁŝƚŚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚŝƚƵƚŝŽŶƐ͕ŽƚŚĞƌƐŚŽƌƚ ‑ƚĞƌŵ͕ŚŝŐŚůǇůŝƋƵŝĚŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƐǁŝƚŚ
ŽƌŝŐŝŶĂůŵĂƚƵƌŝƚŝĞƐŽĨƚŚƌĞĞŵŽŶƚŚƐŽƌůĞƐƐƚŚĂƚĂƌĞƌĞĂĚŝůǇĐŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞƚŽŬŶŽǁŶĂŵŽƵŶƚƐŽĨĐĂƐŚĂŶĚǁŚŝĐŚĂƌĞƐƵďũĞĐƚƚŽĂŶŝŶƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚƌŝƐŬŽĨ
ĐŚĂŶŐĞƐŝŶǀĂůƵĞ͕ĂŶĚďĂŶŬŽǀĞƌĚƌĂĨƚƐ͘


ĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐĂƚƚŚĞĞŶĚŽĨƚŚĞƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƉĞƌŝŽĚĂƐƐŚŽǁŶŝŶƚŚĞƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐĐĂŶďĞƌĞĐŽŶĐŝůĞĚƚŽƚŚĞƌĞůĂƚĞĚŝƚĞŵƐŝŶƚŚĞ
ƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƉŽƐŝƚŝŽŶĂƐĨŽůůŽǁƐ͗
                                                                                                                                                    ϮϬϮϰ                  ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                                   ΨΖϬϬϬ                 ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĂƐŚĂƚďĂŶŬ                                                                                                                        ϱ͕ϱϮϬ ϭ͕Ϯϱϴ
dŽƚĂůĐĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐ                                                                                                                    ϱ͕ϱϮϬ                ϭ͕Ϯϱϴ

ϭϮ         dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐ

dƌĂĚĞƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐĂƌĞŶŽŶͲĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚĐŽƐƚůĞƐƐŝŵƉĂŝƌŵĞŶƚ͘
                                                                                                                                                     ϮϬϮϰ                    ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                                    ΨΖϬϬϬ                   ΨΖϬϬϬ
dƌĂĚĞƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐ                                                                                                                    ϭ͕ϭϮϳ ϰϭ
WƌĞƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƐ                                                                                                                         ϲϰϮ ϯϯϮ
KƚŚĞƌƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐ                                                                                                                      Ͳ                ϱ
dŽƚĂůƚƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐ                                                                                                                   ϭ͕ϳϲϵ                     ϯϳϴ

ǆƉĞĐƚĞĚĐƌĞĚŝƚůŽƐƐĞƐĨŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰĂƌĞŶŝů;ϮϬϮϯ͗EŝůͿ͘




                                                                                                                                                                           ϭϳ
                                                                                                                                        NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                                  31
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϭϯ         >ŽĂŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ
                                                                                                                                     ϮϬϮϰ                     ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                     ΨΖϬϬϬ                    ΨΖϬϬϬ
EŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚ͗
DĐEĂƵŐŚƚŽŶƐŚŽŵĞďůŽĐŬ                                                                                                   ϳ͕ϲϯϮ ϲ͕ϵϰϯ
DĂŬŝŬŝŚŝ&Ăƌŵ                                                                                                            ϭϰ͕Ϭϱϯ               ϭϯ͕ϰϮϬ
dŽƚĂůůŽĂŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ                                                                                                                 Ϯϭ͕ϲϴϱ               ϮϬ͕ϯϲϯ

KŶϭ:ƵŶĞϮϬϮϭ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚůĂŶĚĂƚϯϬŽŽŶĞǇƐZŽĂĚ͕DŽƌǀĞŶ;DĐEĂƵŐŚƚŽŶƐŚŽŵĞďůŽĐŬͿĨŽƌΨϱ͘ϰŵŝůůŝŽŶĂŶĚƐŝŵƵůƚĂŶĞŽƵƐůǇĞŶƚĞƌĞĚ
ŝŶƚŽĂůĞĂƐĞĂŶĚĂƉƵƚĂŶĚĐĂůůĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚǁŝƚŚWĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĂŝƌǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ;W>Ϳ͕ĂƌĞůĂƚĞĚĞŶƚŝƚǇƚŽƚŚĞǀĞŶĚŽƌ͘hŶĚĞƌƚŚĞĐĂůůĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ͕W>ĐĂŶ
ĂĐƋƵŝƌĞƚŚĞůĂŶĚŽŶϯϭDĂǇŝŶĂŶǇǇĞĂƌ;ƉƌŽǀŝĚŝŶŐĂŵŝŶŝŵƵŵϵϬĚĂǇƐŶŽƚŝĐĞŚĂƐďĞĞŶƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚͿĨƌŽŵƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĨŽƌΨϱ͘ϰŵŝůůŝŽŶƉůƵƐϭϬйŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚ
ĐŽŵƉŽƵŶĚŝŶŐĂŶŶƵĂůůǇ͘hŶĚĞƌƚŚĞƉƵƚĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ͕ĨƌŽŵϭ:ƵŶĞϮϬϮϯƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĐĂŶƌĞƋƵŝƌĞW>ƚŽĂĐƋƵŝƌĞƚŚĞůĂŶĚŽŶϯϭDĂǇĂŶǇǇĞĂƌƵŶĚĞƌƚŚĞ
ƐĂŵĞƉƌŝĐŝŶŐŵĞĐŚĂŶŝƐŵĂŶĚŶŽƚŝĐĞƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘dŚĞƉƵƚĂŶĚĐĂůůŽƉƚŝŽŶŚĂƐĂϵϵǇĞĂƌůŝĨĞ͘


KŶϮƵŐƵƐƚϮϬϮϭ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚůĂŶĚĂƚĂEŽƌƚŚĂŶƚĞƌďƵƌǇĂŝƌǇ&Ăƌŵ;DĂŬŝŬŝŚŝ&ĂƌŵͿĨŽƌΨϭϮŵŝůůŝŽŶĂŶĚƐŝŵƵůƚĂŶĞŽƵƐůǇĞŶƚĞƌĞĚŝŶƚŽĂ
ůĞĂƐĞĂŶĚĂƉƵƚĂŶĚĐĂůůĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚǁŝƚŚDĂŬŝŬŝŚŝZŽďŽƚŝĐĂŝƌǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ;DZ>Ϳ͕ĂƌĞůĂƚĞĚĞŶƚŝƚǇƚŽƚŚĞǀĞŶĚŽƌ͘hŶĚĞƌƚŚĞĐĂůůĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ͕DZ>
ĐĂŶĂĐƋƵŝƌĞƚŚĞůĂŶĚŽŶϯϭDĂǇŝŶĂŶǇǇĞĂƌ;ƉƌŽǀŝĚŝŶŐĂŵŝŶŝŵƵŵϵϬĚĂǇƐŶŽƚŝĐĞŚĂƐďĞĞŶƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚͿĨƌŽŵƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĨŽƌϭϮŵŝůůŝŽŶƉůƵƐϰ͘ϲϲй
ŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĐŽŵƉŽƵŶĚŝŶŐĂŶŶƵĂůůǇ͘hŶĚĞƌƚŚĞƉƵƚĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ͕ĨƌŽŵϭƵŐƵƐƚϮϬϮϯƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĐĂŶƌĞƋƵŝƌĞDZ>ƚŽĂĐƋƵŝƌĞƚŚĞůĂŶĚŽŶϯϭDĂǇĂŶǇ
ǇĞĂƌƵŶĚĞƌƚŚĞƐĂŵĞƉƌŝĐŝŶŐŵĞĐŚĂŶŝƐŵĂŶĚŶŽƚŝĐĞƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘dŚĞƉƵƚĂŶĚĐĂůůŽƉƚŝŽŶŚĂƐĂϵϵǇĞĂƌůŝĨĞ͘


<ĞǇ:ƵĚŐĞŵĞŶƚ
dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚƚŚĂƚƚŚĞƐĞĂƌƌĂŶŐĞŵĞŶƚƐŚĂǀĞƚŚĞƐƵďƐƚĂŶĐĞŽĨůŽĂŶƐǁŝƚŚϭϬйŵĂƌŬĞƚŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐƉĞƌĂŶŶƵŵ;ϮϬϮϯ͗ϭϬйͿ͘

dŚĞůŽĂŶƐĂƌĞƐĞĐƵƌĞĚďǇĂ'ĞŶĞƌĂů^ĞĐƵƌŝƚǇĞĞĚĂŶĚĐƌŽƐƐŐƵĂƌĂŶƚĞĞĨƌŽŵĐĞƌƚĂŝŶsĂŶ>ĞĞƵǁĞŶ'ƌŽƵƉĞŶƚŝƚŝĞƐ͘

dŚĞůŽĂŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞďĂůĂŶĐĞƐŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌĞĚĂŶĚĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚŶŽŝŵƉĂŝƌŵĞŶƚŝƐƌĞƋƵŝƌĞĚĂƚƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĚĂƚĞ͘

ϭϰ         ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞƐ

ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐĂƌĞĐŽŵƉƌŝƐĞĚŽĨŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐĂŶĚŶĞƚƐĞƚƚůĞĚŵŝůŬƉƌŝĐĞĨŽƌǁĂƌĚƐ͘dŚĞǇĂƌĞŝŶŝƚŝĂůůǇĐůĂƐƐŝĨŝĞĚĂŶĚ
ƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚůǇŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƐĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐ;Η&sdW>ΗͿ͘/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝƐŝŵƉƵƚĞĚŝŶƚŚĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉĂŶĚƌĞĨůĞĐƚĞĚŝŶĨŝŶĂŶĐĞŝŶĐŽŵĞ
ĂŶĚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ͘


dŚĞǀĂůƵĞŽĨŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐŝƐĚĞƌŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵƚŚĞŵĂƌŬͲƚŽͲŵĂƌŬĞƚǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚďǇĂƚŚŝƌĚƉĂƌƚǇ͘dŚĞǀĂůƵĞŽĨŶĞƚƐĞƚƚůĞĚŵŝůŬƉƌŝĐĞ
ĨŽƌǁĂƌĚƐŚĂƐďĞĞŶĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚďǇŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƵƐŝŶŐƚŚĞŵĂƌŬĞƚƉƌŝĐĞƐŽĨƚŚĞǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞƵŶĚĞƌůǇŝŶŐĨƵƚƵƌĞƐĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚ͘

ůĂƐƐŝĨŝĐĂƚŝŽŶŽĨŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐĂƐĐƵƌƌĞŶƚŽƌŶŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚŽŶƚŚĞĨĂĐĞŽĨƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƉŽƐŝƚŝŽŶŝƐďĂƐĞĚŽŶƚŚĞĨŝŶĂů
ĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƵĂůƐĞƚƚůĞŵĞŶƚĚĂƚĞ͘

                                                                                                                                     ϮϬϮϰ                     ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                     ΨΖϬϬϬ                    ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĂƐƐĞƚƐ
ƵƌƌĞŶƚ͗
EĞƚƐĞƚƚůĞĚŵŝůŬƉƌŝĐĞĨŽƌǁĂƌĚƐ                                                                                        ϭϱϭ                      Ͳ
EŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚ͗
/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐ                                                                                                     ϯϱϮ                      ϳϭ
dŽƚĂůĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                                 ϱϬϯ ϳϭ

ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ
ƵƌƌĞŶƚ͗
EĞƚƐĞƚƚůĞĚŵŝůŬƉƌŝĐĞĨŽƌǁĂƌĚƐ                                                                                        ϭϬϴ                      Ͳ
/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐ                                                                                                    Ϯϭ                     Ͳ
EŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚ͗
/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐ                                                                                                      Ϯ͕ϯϰϮ                       Ͳ
dŽƚĂůĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                                             Ϯ͕ϰϳϭ Ͳ




                                                                                                                                                               ϭϴ
                                                                                                                             NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                       32
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϭϱ         dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ

dŚĞƐĞĂŵŽƵŶƚƐƌĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĨŽƌŐŽŽĚƐĂŶĚƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚƚŽƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƉƌŝŽƌƚŽƚŚĞĞŶĚŽĨƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůǇĞĂƌǁŚŝĐŚĂƌĞƵŶƉĂŝĚ͘dŚĞ
ĂŵŽƵŶƚƐĂƌĞƵŶƐĞĐƵƌĞĚĂŶĚĂƌĞƵƐƵĂůůǇƉĂŝĚǁŝƚŚŝŶϯϬĚĂǇƐĨƌŽŵƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶ͘dƌĂĚĞƉĂǇĂďůĞƐĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶŝƚŝĂůůǇĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞĂŶĚ
ƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚůǇŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚĐŽƐƚ͘
                                                                                                                                              ϮϬϮϰ                    ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                             ΨΖϬϬϬ                   ΨΖϬϬϬ
dƌĂĚĞƉĂǇĂďůĞƐĂŶĚĂĐĐƌƵĂůƐ                                                                                                  ϵϲϭ ϱϲϵ
ZĞǀĞŶƵĞŝŶĂĚǀĂŶĐĞ                                                                                                           ϱϭϭ                    ϮϵϮ
'^dƉĂǇĂďůĞ                                                                                                                  Ϯϴϳ                    ϮϮϵ
ZĞƚĞŶƚŝŽŶƉĂǇĂďůĞϭ                                                                                                            ϭ͕Ϯϲϱ                       Ͳ
ZĞůĂƚĞĚƉĂƌƚǇƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ                                                                                                       ϭϯϯ                      Ͳ
dŽƚĂůƚƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ                                                                                                               ϯ͕ϭϱϳ                  ϭ͕ϬϵϬ

ϭ
 ZĞƚĞŶƚŝŽŶƉĂǇĂďůĞƌĞůĂƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞŽƌĐŚĂƌĚůĂŶĚĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚŝŶ&ĞďƌƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϰĂŶĚŝƐĐŽŶƚŝŶŐĞŶƚŽŶƚŚĞǀĞŶĚŽƌĐŽŵƉůĞƚŝŶŐƐƉĞĐŝĨŝĐƉŽƐƚƐĞƚƚůĞŵĞŶƚ
ƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐǁŝƚŚŝŶϭϮŵŽŶƚŚƐ͘dŚĞĞŶƚŝƚǇďĞůŝĞǀĞƐƚŚĂƚƚŚĞƐĞƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐǁŝůůďĞŵĞƚ͘

ϭϲ         ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ

ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶŝƚŝĂůůǇĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞ͕ŶĞƚŽĨƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐŝŶĐƵƌƌĞĚ͘ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐĂƌĞƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚůǇƐƚĂƚĞĚĂƚĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚĐŽƐƚ͘ŶǇ
ĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞďĞƚǁĞĞŶƚŚĞƉƌŽĐĞĞĚƐ;ŶĞƚŽĨƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐͿĂŶĚƚŚĞƌĞĚĞŵƉƚŝŽŶǀĂůƵĞŝƐƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨ
ĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞŽǀĞƌƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚŽĨƚŚĞďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐƵƐŝŶŐƚŚĞĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŵĞƚŚŽĚ͘ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐĂƌĞĐůĂƐƐŝĨŝĞĚĂƐĐƵƌƌĞŶƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ
ƵŶůĞƐƐƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĂŶƵŶĐŽŶĚŝƚŝŽŶĂůƌŝŐŚƚƚŽĚĞĨĞƌƐĞƚƚůĞŵĞŶƚŽĨƚŚĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇĨŽƌĂƚůĞĂƐƚϭϮŵŽŶƚŚƐĂĨƚĞƌƚŚĞƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĚĂƚĞ͘


ƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƌĞƉůĂĐĞĚĞǆŝƐƚŝŶŐĨĂĐŝůŝƚŝĞƐǁŝƚŚĂƐǇŶĚŝĐĂƚĞĚůŽĂŶĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚǁŝƚŚŽƂƉĞƌĂƚŝĞǀĞZĂďŽĂŶŬh͘͘EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ
ƌĂŶĐŚ;ΗZĂďŽďĂŶŬΗͿĂŶĚĂŶŬŽĨŚŝŶĂ;EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚͿ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ;ΗĂŶŬŽĨŚŝŶĂΗͿ͘dŚĞĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚŚĂƐĂůŝŵŝƚŽĨΨϭϰϬ͕ϬϬϬ͕ϬϬϬǁŝƚŚĨůŽĂƚŝŶŐ
ŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐƌĂŶŐŝŶŐŽǀĞƌƚŚĞĨŽƵƌƚƌĂŶĐŚĞƐǁŝƚŚĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶƚŵĂƚƵƌŝƚŝĞƐǁŝƚŚŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƉĂǇĂďůĞŵŽŶƚŚůǇ͘


dŚĞƌĞŝƐĂŐĞŶĞƌĂůƐĞĐƵƌŝƚǇĚĞĞĚŽǀĞƌĂůůŽĨƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚƐŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĂƐƐĞĐƵƌŝƚǇŽĨƚŚĞďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ͘

dŚĞƚĞƌŵƐŽĨƚŚĞďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐŝŶĐůƵĚĞƐƚŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐĐŽǀĞŶĂŶƚƐƚŚĂƚƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŵƵƐƚĞŶƐƵƌĞĂƚĂůůƚŝŵĞƐ͗
    •     /ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĐŽǀĞƌĂŐĞƌĂƚŝŽŝƐŐƌĞĂƚĞƌƚŚĂŶϭ͘ϲ͖
    •     >ŽĂŶƚŽǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƌĂƚŝŽĚŽĞƐŶŽƚĞǆĐĞĞĚϰϬй͖ĂŶĚ
    •     ĂƉŝƚĂůĞǆƉĞŶĚŝƚƵƌĞŝŶĞĂĐŚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůǇĞĂƌƐŚĂůůŶŽƚĞǆĐĞĞĚϭϮϬйŽĨƚŚĞďƵĚŐĞƚĞĚĨŽƌĞĐĂƐƚĐĂƉŝƚĂůĞǆƉĞŶĚŝƚƵƌĞ͘

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĐŽŵƉůŝĞĚǁŝƚŚƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĐŽǀĞŶĂŶƚƐŽĨŝƚƐďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐĨĂĐŝůŝƚŝĞƐĚƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͘

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĐŽǀĞƌƌĂƚŝŽĐŽǀĞŶĂŶƚŝƐϭ͘ϲĨŽƌƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚĨƌŽŵϯϬ:ƵŶĞϮϬϮϯƚŽϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͕ϭ͘ϳϱĨƌŽŵϭ:ĂŶƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϱƚŽϯϭDĂƌĐŚ
ϮϬϮϱĂŶĚϮ͘ϬϬĨƌŽŵϯϭDĂƌĐŚϮϬϮϱŽŶǁĂƌĚƐ͘

                                                                                                                                          ϮϬϮϰ                    ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                          ΨΖϬϬϬ                   ΨΖϬϬϬ
ƵƌƌĞŶƚďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ͗
ZĂďŽďĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                                                            ϯϭ͕ϳϲϭ Ϯϵ͕ϱϬϬ
ĂŶŬŽĨŚŝŶĂĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                                                       ϭϱ͕ϯϰϬ Ͳ

EŽŶͲĐƵƌƌĞŶƚďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ͗
ZĂďŽďĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                                                            ϱϳ͕ϮϳϮ ϭϬϰ͕ϬϬϬ
ĂŶŬŽĨŚŝŶĂĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                                                       Ϯϲ͕ϴϯϰ Ͳ
dŽƚĂůďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ                                                                                                                        ϭϯϭ͕ϮϬϳ             ϭϯϯ͕ϱϬϬ

                                                                                                                                    hŶĚƌĂǁŶ                 ƌĂǁŶ
                                                                                           ǆƉŝƌǇĚĂƚĞ              dŽƚĂů             ĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ             ĂŵŽƵŶƚ
ϮϬϮϰ                                                                                                                ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ                 ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇΎ                                                                           ϭ:ƵŶϮϬϮϱ ϰϲ͕ϬϬϬ                   Ͳ ϰϲ͕ϬϬϬ
ĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                           ϮϬĞĐϮϬϮϳ ϯϲ͕ϬϬϬ             ϴ͕ϳϵϯ Ϯϳ͕ϮϬϳ
ĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                            ϭ:ƵŶϮϬϮϲ Ϯϵ͕ϱϬϬ                   Ͳ Ϯϵ͕ϱϬϬ
ĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                           ϭϰƉƌϮϬϮϲ Ϯϴ͕ϱϬϬ                   Ͳ Ϯϴ͕ϱϬϬ
                                                                                                                 ϭϰϬ͕ϬϬϬ              ϴ͕ϳϵϯ              ϭϯϭ͕ϮϬϳ

ΎƐƉĂƌƚŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐĚĞďƚŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ͕ďĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇŝƐĨŽƌĞĐĂƐƚĞĚƚŽďĞƌŽůůĞĚŝŶƚŚĞŵŽŶƚŚƐƉƌŝŽƌƚŽŝƚƐĞǆƉŝƌǇ͘



                                                                                                                                                                    ϭϵ
                                                                                                                                 NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                           33
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϭϲ          ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

                                                                                                                                hŶĚƌĂǁŶ                 ƌĂǁŶ
                                                                                            ǆƉŝƌǇĚĂƚĞ              dŽƚĂů        ĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ             ĂŵŽƵŶƚ
ϮϬϮϯ                                                                                                                 ΨΖϬϬϬ          ΨΖϬϬϬ                 ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                             ϭ:ƵŶϮϬϮϱ ϰϲ͕ϬϬϬ              Ͳ ϰϲ͕ϬϬϬ
ĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                             ϭ:ƵŶϮϬϮϰ Ϯϵ͕ϱϬϬ              Ͳ Ϯϵ͕ϱϬϬ
ĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                             ϭ:ƵŶϮϬϮϲ Ϯϵ͕ϱϬϬ              Ͳ Ϯϵ͕ϱϬϬ
ĂŶŬĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                            ϭϰƉƌϮϬϮϲ Ϯϴ͕ϱϬϬ              Ͳ Ϯϴ͕ϱϬϬ
                                                                                                                  ϭϯϯ͕ϱϬϬ               Ͳ            ϭϯϯ͕ϱϬϬ

dŚĞĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞŽŶďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐƌĂŶŐĞƐĨƌŽŵϱ͘ϴϮйƚŽϲ͘ϱϱй;ϮϬϮϯ͗ϳ͘ϰϲйƚŽϳ͘ϳϲйͿ͘

ϭϳ          ŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶ

KŶϭϰƉƌŝůϮϬϮϯ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĞŶƚĞƌĞĚŝŶƚŽĂĐŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚǁŝƚŚEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ&ŽƌĞƐƚ>ĞĂƐŝŶŐ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ͘dŚĞĐŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶǁĂƐĨŽƌƚŚĞ
ĨĂĐĞǀĂůƵĞŽĨΨϭϮ͘ϯϲϬŵŝůůŝŽŶĂŶĚǁĂƐĞǆƉĞĐƚĞĚƚŽďĞƌĞƉĂŝĚǁŝƚŚŝŶĞŝŐŚƚĞĞŶŵŽŶƚŚƐĨƌŽŵƚŚĞĚĂƚĞŽĨƚŚĞŶŽƚĞďĞŝŶŐŝƐƐƵĞĚ͘dŚĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ
ƌĞƋƵŝƌĞĚƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƚŽŵĂŬĞƋƵĂƌƚĞƌůǇŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƐďĂƐĞĚŽŶƚŚĞĐƵƌƌĞŶƚŽƵƚƐƚĂŶĚŝŶŐƉƌŝŶĐŝƉĂůĂŵŽƵŶƚ͕ĂƚϴйƉĞƌĂŶŶƵŵ͘

/Ŷ&ĞďƌƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϰ͕ƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇƌĞƉĂŝĚƚŚĞĐŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶƵƐŝŶŐĨƵŶĚƐƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚ;ŶŽƚĞϱͿ͘dŚĞĐŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞŶŽƚĞǁĂƐƌĞƉĂŝĚŝŶĐĂƐŚ
ĂŶĚĚŝĚŶŽƚĐŽŶǀĞƌƚƚŽƐŚĂƌĞƐ͘

ϭϴ          ZĞĐŽŶĐŝůŝĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐ

                                                                                                                                                              ϮϬϮϰ
                                                                                                                                                              ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĂůĂŶĐĞĂƐĂƚϭ:ĂŶϮϬϮϰ                                                                                                                                          Ͳ
/ŶŝƚŝĂůƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞΎ                                                                                      ϱϴ͕ϰϰϮ
ŽŶƚƌŝďƵƚŝŽŶƐƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚ                                                                                                         ϭϬ͕ϵϬϱ
ŝƐƚƌŝďƵƚŝŽŶƚŽ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚ                                                                                                                   ;ϭ͕ϮϳϱͿ
ZĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŵŽǀĞŵĞŶƚ                                                                                                                           ϳ͕ϳϮϰ
ĂůĂŶĐĞĂƐĂƚϯϭĞĐϮϬϮϰ                                                                                                                     ϳϱ͕ϳϵϳ

* This represents Land Trust’s share of the Limited Partnership’s net assets at date of initial investment.

/Ŷ&ĞďƌƵĂƌǇϮϬϯϬ͕ƚŚĞ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚŚĂƐƚŚĞŽƉƚŝŽŶƚŽŽĨĨĞƌƚŽƐĞůůŝƚƐƵŶŝƚƐŝŶƚŚĞ>WƚŽƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇ͘/ĨƚŚĞƌĞŚĂƐďĞĞŶĂƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂů
ĚĞƚĞƌŝŽƌĂƚŝŽŶŝŶƚŚĞ>WƚŚĞŶƚŚĂƚŽƉƚŝŽŶĐĂŶďĞĞǆĞƌĐŝƐĞĚϮǇĞĂƌƐĞĂƌůŝĞƌ͘/ĨƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇĚŽĞƐŶŽƚĂĐƋƵŝƌĞƚŚĞƵŶŝƚƐ͕ƚŚĞŶ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚĐĂŶƐĞůůƚŚŽƐĞ
ƵŶŝƚƐƚŽĂƚŚŝƌĚƉĂƌƚǇ͘ĨƚĞƌĂƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚϲͲŵŽŶƚŚƉĞƌŝŽĚŝĨŶŽƚŚŝƌĚƉĂƌƚǇŚĂƐƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞĚƚŚĞƵŶŝƚƐĨŽƌĂƚůĞĂƐƚϵϴйŽĨƚŚĞǀĂůƵĞ;ĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚďĂƐĞĚ
ŽŶŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚĂƐƐĞƚǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƐůĞƐƐĂƐƐŽĐŝĂƚĞĚĚĞďƚͿƚŚĞŶ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚĐĂŶƌĞƋƵŝƌĞƚŚĞ>WƚŽƌĞĚĞĞŵƚŚĞƵŶŝƚƐ͘dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇĂŶĚ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚǁŝůů
ƚŚĞŶĂŐƌĞĞǁŚŝĐŚ>WĂƐƐĞƚƐĂƌĞƚŽďĞƐŽůĚƚŽĨƵŶĚƚŚĞƌĞĚĞŵƉƚŝŽŶ͘EŽĂƐƐĞƚƐĐĂŶďĞƐŽůĚƌĞƐƵůƚŝŶŐŝŶƉƌŽĐĞĞĚƐĨŽƌůĞƐƐƚŚĂŶϵϬйŽĨƚŚĞŝƌŶĞƚĂƐƐĞƚ
ǀĂůƵĞ;ĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚƵƐŝŶŐƚŚĞŵŽƐƚƌĞĐĞŶƚŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƌĞƉŽƌƚƐͿ͘

dŚĞƉŽƚĞŶƚŝĂůƐĂůĞŽďůŝŐĂƚŝŽŶĨŽƌƚŚĞ>WƚŽƌĞĚĞĞŵ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚΖƐƵŶŝƚƐŵĞĂŶƐƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĐůĂƐƐŝĨŝĞĚ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚΖƐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶƚŚĞ>WĂƐĂĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂů
ůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇĂƐƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞůŝŵŝƚĞĚƉĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐŝŶƚŚĞƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƉŽƐŝƚŝŽŶĂŶĚŶŽƚďǇƌĞĐŽƌĚŝŶŐĂŵŝŶŽƌŝƚǇŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚ͘dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐ
ŝŶŝƚŝĂůůǇĂŶĚƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚůǇŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚƚŚĂƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇďĂƐĞĚŽŶƚŚĞƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĚĂƚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞ͕ŝ͘Ğ͘ĂƐŝĨƚŚĞƌĞĚĞŵƉƚŝŽŶŽĐĐƵƌƌĞĚĂƚƚŚĞƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĚĂƚĞ͘
DŽǀĞŵĞŶƚƐŝŶƚŚĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇĂƌĞƌĞƉŽƌƚĞĚŝŶŽƚŚĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞŝŶƚŚĞƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĂƐŵŽǀĞŵĞŶƚŝŶƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>WƵŶŝƚƐ͘

dŚĞĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞďĞƚǁĞĞŶƚŚĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇƌĞĐŽƌĚĞĚĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽŶŝŶŝƚŝĂůƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶĂŶĚƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵƚŚĞ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚĨŽƌŝƚƐ
ŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚŝŶƚŚĞ>WŚĂƐďĞĞŶƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶĞƋƵŝƚǇǁŝƚŚŝŶƌĞƚĂŝŶĞĚĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐĂƐĂŶĂĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚŽŶƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶŽĨƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>WƵŶŝƚƐ͘

dŚĞ'WƐŚĂƌĞŚŽůĚĞƌĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚƌĞƋƵŝƌĞƐƉƌŽĨŝƚƐ;ďĂƐĞĚŽŶĚũƵƐƚĞĚ&ƵŶĚƐĨƌŽŵKƉĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƐ;&&KͿͿƚŽďĞĚŝƐƚƌŝďƵƚĞĚƚŽƚŚĞ>WƵŶŝƚŚŽůĚĞƌƐ͘
ĐĐŽƌĚŝŶŐůǇ͕>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚΖƐƐŚĂƌĞŽĨƚŚĞƉƌŽĨŝƚƐŚĂƐďĞĞŶĂůůŽĐĂƚĞĚƚŽƚŚĞƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞƵŶŝƚƐůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇǁŚŝĐŚŝƐƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚůǇƌĞĚƵĐĞĚĂƐĂŶĚǁŚĞŶ
ĚŝƐƚƌŝďƵƚŝŽŶƐĂƌĞŵĂĚĞ͘

ƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ͕ĂƚŽƚĂůĚŝƐƚƌŝďƵƚŝŽŶŽĨΨϭ͘ϮϳϱŵŝůůŝŽŶǁĂƐĚĞĐůĂƌĞĚĂŶĚƉĂŝĚĨƌŽŵƚŚĞ>WƚŽƚŚĞ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚ͘

dŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƌĞƐƵůƚƐŽĨƚŚĞ>WĨŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰĂŶĚƉŽƐŝƚŝŽŶĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚŝŶƚŽƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ͘
dŚĞƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>WƵŶŝƚƐĂůƐŽŝŶĐůƵĚĞƐΨϬ͘ϴϴϳŵŝůůŝŽŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚŝŶĂĚǀĂŶĐĞĨŽƌĨƵƚƵƌĞƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞƐ͘




                                                                                                                                                            ϮϬ
                                                                                                                              NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                   34
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϭϵ         ^ŚĂƌĞĐĂƉŝƚĂů

ŶĞƋƵŝƚǇŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚŝƐĂŶǇĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƚŚĂƚĞǀŝĚĞŶĐĞƐĂƌĞƐŝĚƵĂůŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚƐŽĨĂŶĞŶƚŝƚǇĂĨƚĞƌĚĞĚƵĐƚŝŶŐĂůůŽĨŝƚƐůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ͘ƋƵŝƚǇ
ŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐŝƐƐƵĞĚĂƌĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚĂƚƚŚĞƉƌŽĐĞĞĚƐƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚ͕ŶĞƚŽĨĚŝƌĞĐƚŝƐƐƵĞĐŽƐƚƐ͘

ZĞƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐŽǁŶĞƋƵŝƚǇŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐŝƐƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚĂŶĚĚĞĚƵĐƚĞĚĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇŝŶĞƋƵŝƚǇ͘EŽŐĂŝŶŽƌůŽƐƐŝƐƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƐĞĚŝŶƉƌŽĨŝƚŽƌůŽƐƐŽŶ
ƚŚĞƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞ͕ƐĂůĞ͕ŝƐƐƵĞŽƌĐĂŶĐĞůůĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐŽǁŶĞƋƵŝƚǇŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ͘
                                                                                                                                                            EŽ͘ŽĨ
                                                                                                                                                          ŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇ
                                                                                                                 EŽƚĞ                   ΨΖϬϬϬ               ƐŚĂƌĞƐ
ƵƚŚŽƌŝƐĞĚĂŶĚŝƐƐƵĞĚ
ĂůĂŶĐĞĂƚϭ:ĂŶƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϯ                                                                                                               ϭϯϰ͕ϭϴϬ ϭϭϱ͕ϲϬϭ͕ϱϳϬ
ZŝŐŚƚƐŝƐƐƵĞƚŽĞǆŝƐƚŝŶŐƐŚĂƌĞŚŽůĚĞƌƐ                                                                                                      Ϯϯ͕Ϯϴϱ        Ϯϯ͕ϯϳϱ͕ϵϴϰ
KƚŚĞƌƐŚĂƌĞŝƐƐƵĞƐ                                                                                                                              ϱϵϱ            ϲϮϴ͕ϵϮϵ
^ŚĂƌĞďƵǇͲďĂĐŬ                                                                                                                               ;ϱϯϬͿ           ;ϲϭϭ͕ϯϮϳͿ
WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞŝƐƐƵĞĚŝŶŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ                                                                                    ϰϵϱ Ϯϵϵ͕ϴϰϰ
dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐĂƌŝƐŝŶŐŽŶŝƐƐƵĞŽĨƐŚĂƌĞƐ                                                                                ;ϲϬϲͿ                    Ͳ
ĂůĂŶĐĞĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϯ                                                                                                             ϭϱϳ͕ϰϭϵ ϭϯϵ͕Ϯϵϱ͕ϬϬϬ
/ƐƐƵĞŽĨƐŚĂƌĞƐĨŽƌĂƉƉůĞŽƌĐŚĂƌĚĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶ                                                                                 Ϯ͕Ϭϯϴ Ϯ͕Ϯϭϱ͕ϭϵϬ
^ŚĂƌĞďƵǇͲďĂĐŬ                                                                                                              ;ϳϳͿ ;ϴϴ͕ϬϴϰͿ
ŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƌĞŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚ                                                                                                        ϴϱϭ ϵϲϳ͕ϱϱϲ
WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞŝƐƐƵĞĚŝŶŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ                                                                                    ϵϬϭ ϱϲϰ͕ϭϯϵ
dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĐŽƐƚƐĂƌŝƐŝŶŐŽŶŝƐƐƵĞŽĨƐŚĂƌĞƐ                                                                                ;ϮϯͿ                   Ͳ
KƚŚĞƌ                                                                                                                     ;ϰϭͿ                   Ͳ
ĂůĂŶĐĞĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ                                                                                                             ϭϲϭ͕Ϭϲϴ ϭϰϮ͕ϵϱϯ͕ϴϬϭ

dŚĞĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϯƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞǁĂƐƐĞƚƚůĞĚǁŝƚŚϬ͘ϲŵŝůůŝŽŶƐŚĂƌĞƐďĞŝŶŐŝƐƐƵĞĚŝŶDĂƌĐŚϮϬϮϰĂƚĂŶĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚŽĨΨϭ͘ϱϵϴƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ;ŝŶƚĞƌŶĂů
EsŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚͿ͘

ůůƐŚĂƌĞƐŚĂǀĞĞƋƵĂůǀŽƚŝŶŐƌŝŐŚƚƐ͕ƉĂƌƚŝĐŝƉĂƚĞĞƋƵĂůůǇŝŶĂŶǇĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚĚŝƐƚƌŝďƵƚŝŽŶŽƌĂŶǇƐƵƌƉůƵƐŽŶƚŚĞǁŝŶĚŝŶŐƵƉŽĨƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇ͘dŚĞƐŚĂƌĞƐ
ŚĂǀĞŶŽƉĂƌǀĂůƵĞ͘

ϮϬ         ŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƐ

ƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ͕ĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƐƚŽƚĂůůŝŶŐΨϮ͘ϬϰϭŵŝůůŝŽŶǁĞƌĞĚĞĐůĂƌĞĚ;ϮϬϮϯ͗ΨϮ͘ϯϰϲŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ͘ŶŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚŽĨΨϬ͘ϬϭϰϲƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞǁŝƚŚŶŽ
ƐƵƉƉůĞŵĞŶƚĂƌǇĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚ͕ŝƐƐƵĞĚďǇƚŚĞWĂƌĞŶƚŝŶKĐƚŽďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͘EŽŝŵƉƵƚĂƚŝŽŶĐƌĞĚŝƚƐǁĞƌĞĂƚƚĂĐŚĞĚƚŽƚŚĞĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚ͘

dŚĞĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚŝƐƐƵĞĚďǇƚŚĞWĂƌĞŶƚŝŶĐůƵĚĞĚĂĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƌĞŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉůĂŶŽƉƚŝŽŶƚŽƵŶĚĞƌǁŚŝĐŚŚŽůĚĞƌƐŽĨŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐĐŽƵůĚĞůĞĐƚƚŽŚĂǀĞĂůů
ŽƌƉĂƌƚŽĨƚŚĞŝƌĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚĞŶƚŝƚůĞŵĞŶƚƐƐĂƚŝƐĨŝĞĚďǇƚŚĞŝƐƐƵĞŽĨŶĞǁŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐƌĂƚŚĞƌƚŚĂŶďǇďĞŝŶŐƉĂŝĚŝŶĐĂƐŚ͘^ŚĂƌĞƐǁĞƌĞŝƐƐƵĞĚƵŶĚĞƌƚŚĞ
ƉůĂŶĂƚĂƐƚƌŝŬĞƉƌŝĐĞŽĨΨϬ͘ϴϴ͕ǁŝƚŚŶŽĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚƚŽƚŚĞŵĂƌŬĞƚƉƌŝĐĞĂƚƚŚĞƚŝŵĞŽĨƚŚĞĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚ͘hŶĚĞƌƚŚŝƐƌĞŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉůĂŶ͕ϵϲϳ͕ϱϱϲƐŚĂƌĞƐǁĞƌĞ
ŝƐƐƵĞĚĨŽƌĂƚŽƚĂůǀĂůƵĞŽĨΨϴϱϭ͕ϰϰϱ͘dŚŝƐƌĞĚƵĐĞĚƚŚĞŽǀĞƌĂůůĐĂƐŚƉĂŝĚĨŽƌĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƐƚŽΨϭ͘ϭϵϬŵŝůůŝŽŶ͘

Ϯϭ         ^ŚĂƌĞďĂƐĞĚƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƌĞƐĞƌǀĞ

ƋƵŝƚǇͲƐĞƚƚůĞĚƐŚĂƌĞͲďĂƐĞĚƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƐƚŽĞŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƐƉƌŽǀŝĚŝŶŐƐŝŵŝůĂƌƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐĂƌĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞĞƋƵŝƚǇŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ
ƋƵŝƚǇͲƐĞƚƚůĞĚƐŚĂƌĞͲďĂƐĞĚƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐǁŝƚŚƉĂƌƚŝĞƐŽƚŚĞƌƚŚĂŶĞŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐĂƌĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞŐŽŽĚƐŽƌƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐ
ƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚ͕ĞǆĐĞƉƚǁŚĞƌĞƚŚĂƚĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞĐĂŶŶŽƚďĞĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚƌĞůŝĂďůǇ͕ŝŶǁŚŝĐŚĐĂƐĞƚŚĞǇĂƌĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞĞƋƵŝƚǇŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ
ŐƌĂŶƚĞĚ͕ŵĞĂƐƵƌĞĚĂƚƚŚĞĚĂƚĞƚŚĞĞŶƚŝƚǇŽďƚĂŝŶƐƚŚĞŐŽŽĚƐŽƌƚŚĞĐŽƵŶƚĞƌƉĂƌƚǇƌĞŶĚĞƌƐƚŚĞƐĞƌǀŝĐĞ͘

                                                                                                                                        ϮϬϮϰ                    ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                        ΨΖϬϬϬ                  ΨΖϬϬϬ
ƌŝƐŝŶŐŽŶƐŚĂƌĞͲďĂƐĞĚƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƐ;ƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞͿ                                                                                         ϲϲϬ ϵϬϭ
ĂůĂŶĐĞĂƚĞŶĚŽĨƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ                                                                                                              ϲϲϬ ϵϬϭ

dŚĞƐŚĂƌĞďĂƐĞĚƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƌĞƐĞƌǀĞƌĞůĂƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌΖƐƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞƚŚĂƚŝƐƐĞƚƚůĞĚƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƚŚĞŝƐƐƵĞŽĨƐŚĂƌĞƐ͘DŽƌĞĚĞƚĂŝůƐŽŶ
ƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞƐĂƌĞƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚŝŶŶŽƚĞϮϯ͘ϭ͘




                                                                                                                                                                Ϯϭ
                                                                                                                                NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                       35
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϮϮ         ZĞŵƵŶĞƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨĂƵĚŝƚŽƌƐ

dŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐĨĞĞƐǁĞƌĞƉĂŝĚŽƌƉĂǇĂďůĞĨŽƌƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚďǇtŝůůŝĂŵƵĐŬƵĚŝƚ;EͿ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƚŚĞĂƵĚŝƚŽƌŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ͗

                                                                                                                                                         ϮϬϮϰ                 ϮϬϮϯ
ƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐ                                                                                                                            ΨΖϬϬϬ                 ΨΖϬϬϬ
^ƚĂƚƵƚŽƌǇĂƵĚŝƚƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐ                                                                                                                ϭϭϱ                  ϲϰ
                                                                                                                                                           ϭϭϱ                  ϲϰ

/ŶƚŚĞƉƌŝŽƌǇĞĂƌ͕ƚŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐĨĞĞƐǁĞƌĞƉĂŝĚĨŽƌƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚďǇWƌŝĐĞǁĂƚĞƌŚŽƵƐĞŽŽƉĞƌƐEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚĂƐƚŚĞĨŽƌŵĞƌĂƵĚŝƚŽƌŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ͗

                                                                                                                                                     ϮϬϮϰ                     ϮϬϮϯ
ƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐ                                                                                                                         ΨΖϬϬϬ                    ΨΖϬϬϬ
^ƚĂƚƵƚŽƌǇĂƵĚŝƚƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐ                                                                                                                                 Ͳ                      Ϯϯ
                                                                                                                                                         Ͳ                      Ϯϯ

Ϯϯ         ZĞůĂƚĞĚƉĂƌƚŝĞƐ

Ϯϯ͘ϭ       ZĞŵƵŶĞƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌ

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĂƉƉŽŝŶƚĞĚĂŶĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůŵĂŶĂŐĞƌ͕EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚDĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƚŚƌŽƵŐŚĂƐŝŐŶĞĚŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ
ĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ͘dŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌŝƐƌĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďůĞĨŽƌĂůůŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĨƵŶĐƚŝŽŶƐŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ͕ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐ͗
       •   WƌŽǀŝĚŝŶŐĂĚŵŝŶŝƐƚƌĂƚŝǀĞĂŶĚŐĞŶĞƌĂůƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐ͖
       •   ^ŽƵƌĐŝŶŐĂŶĚƐĞĐƵƌŝŶŐƉŽƚĞŶƚŝĂůŝŶǀĞƐƚŽƌƐĂŶĚĐŽŵŵƵŶŝĐĂƚŝŶŐǁŝƚŚŝŶǀĞƐƚŽƌƐ͖
       •   ^ŽƵƌĐŝŶŐŽƉƉŽƌƚƵŶŝƚŝĞƐĨŽƌƚŚĞƐĂůĞĂŶĚƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞŽĨůĂŶĚ͕ĂŶĚŽƉĞƌĂƚŽƌƐĨŽƌůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚƐŝŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŽĨůĂŶĚ͖
       •   KǀĞƌƐĞĞŝŶŐĚƵĞĚŝůŝŐĞŶĐĞĨŽƌĂŶĚĞǆĞĐƵƚŝŶŐƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐĨŽƌƚŚĞƐĂůĞĂŶĚƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞ͕ĂŶĚůĞĂƐŝŶŐ͕ŽĨůĂŶĚ͖
       •   Managing the Group’s property, including land owned by the Group;
       •   ƌƌĂŶŐŝŶŐƌĞŐƵůĂƌǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶƐĂŶĚĂƵĚŝƚƐŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ͖ĂŶĚ
       •   ĚŵŝŶŝƐƚĞƌŝŶŐƚŚĞƉĂǇŵĞŶƚŽĨĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƐĂŶĚĚŝƐƚƌŝďƵƚŝŽŶƐŝŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ͘

dŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌŝƐƌĞŵƵŶĞƌĂƚĞĚǀŝĂŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĨĞĞƐ͕ƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĨĞĞƐĂŶĚƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞƐ͘

&ĞĞƐƉĂŝĚĂŶĚŽǁŝŶŐƚŽƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌ͗
                                                                                                         ϮϬϮϰ                            ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                  KǁŝŶŐĂƚϯϭ                KǁŝŶŐĂƚϯϭ
                                                                                       &ĞĞƐĐŚĂƌŐĞĚ                            &ĞĞƐĐŚĂƌŐĞĚ
                                                                                                                         ĞĐ                         ĞĐ
                                                                                                      ΨΖϬϬϬ                  ΨΖϬϬϬ                   ΨΖϬϬϬ                   ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĂƐŝĐŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƐĞƌǀŝĐĞƐĨĞĞ                                                          ϭ͕ϰϬϳ                    ϭϭϲ ϭ͕Ϭϯϵ ϴϵ
dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĨĞĞƐ                                                                                      ϭ͕ϮϰϮ                      Ͳ                    ϴϳϴ                          Ͳ
>ĞĂƐŝŶŐĨĞĞƐ                                                                                             ϭϱϬ                     Ͳ                     ϲϬ                          Ͳ
WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞ                                                                                          ϲϲϬ                   ϲϲϬ ϵϬϭ ϵϬϭ
KƚŚĞƌ                                                                                  ϳ                  Ͳ Ͳ Ͳ
dŽƚĂů                                                                                  ϯ͕ϰϲϲ ϳϳϲ Ϯ͕ϴϳϴ ϵϵϬ

DĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĨĞĞ
ŵŽŶƚŚůǇŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĨĞĞŝƐƉĂǇĂďůĞĞƋƵĂůƚŽϬ͘ϱйƉĞƌĂŶŶƵŵŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐEĞƚƐƐĞƚsĂůƵĞ͕ĐĂůĐƵůĂƚĞĚŽŶĂŵŽŶƚŚůǇďĂƐŝƐ͘dŚĞƚŽƚĂů
ŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĨĞĞƐĨŽƌƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰǁĞƌĞΨϭ͘ϰϬϳŵŝůůŝŽŶ;ϮϬϮϯ͗Ψϭ͘ϬϯϵŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ͘

ƐĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͕Ψϭϯϯ͕Ϯϰϱ;'^dŝŶĐůƵƐŝǀĞͿŝƐŽǁĞĚƚŽƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌĂŶĚƚŚŝƐŝƐŝŶĐůƵĚĞĚŝŶƚƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ;ƌĞĨĞƌƚŽŶŽƚĞϭϱͿ͘

dƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶĨĞĞ
ĨĞĞŝƐƉĂǇĂďůĞĨŽƌƚŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐƚƌĂŶƐĂĐƚŝŽŶƐ͗
     •      &ŽƌĞĂĐŚƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞŽƌƐĂůĞŽĨůĂŶĚ͕ĂĨĞĞĞƋƵĂůƚŽϭ͘ϮϱйŽĨƚŚĞĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶŽƌĚŝǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚĐŽƐƚŽĨƚŚĞůĂŶĚĂŶĚŝŵƉƌŽǀĞŵĞŶƚƐ͖
     •      &ŽƌĞĂĐŚůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚĞŶƚĞƌĞĚŝŶƚŽ͕ĂĨĞĞŽĨΨϯϬ͕ϬϬϬ͖ĂŶĚ
     •      ĨĞĞŽĨΨϴϲϵ͕ϬϬϬǁĂƐƉĂŝĚŝŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŽĨƚŚĞĚŝǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚŽĨĂƐƐĞƚƐŝŶƚŽƚŚĞ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉ;ƌĞĨĞƌƚŽŶŽƚĞϱͿ͘

dŚĞƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞĨĞĞŝƐŝŶĐůƵĚĞĚŝŶƚŚĞŝŶŝƚŝĂůĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐĂŵŽƵŶƚŽĨƚŚĞĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇ͘dŚĞůĞĂƐŝŶŐĨĞĞŚĂƐďĞĞŶĂĚĚĞĚƚŽƚŚĞĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐ
ǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞĚĂƐƐĞƚ;ďĞŝŶŐŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐͿĂƐƉĂƌƚŽĨƚŚĞŝŶŝƚŝĂůĚŝƌĞĐƚĐŽƐƚƐŽĨĂƌƌĂŶŐŝŶŐƚŚĞůĞĂƐĞ͘




                                                                                                                                                                                ϮϮ
                                                                                                                                            NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                                       36
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

Ϯϯ͘ϭ       ZĞŵƵŶĞƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞ
ƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞŝƐƉĂǇĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌǁŚĞŶƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐŶĞƚĂƐƐĞƚǀĂůƵĞ;ΖEsΖͿƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞĞǆĐĞĞĚƐƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐEsƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞŝŶƚŚĞ
ŝŵŵĞĚŝĂƚĞůǇƉƌĞĐĞĚŝŶŐĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůǇĞĂƌ͘dŚŝƐĂŶŶƵĂůƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞŝƐĐĂůĐƵůĂƚĞĚĂƐϭϬйŽĨƚŚĞŝŶĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶEsƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞĂŶĚŝƐƐĞƚƚůĞĚƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƚŚĞ
ŝƐƐƵĞŽĨŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐďĂƐĞĚŽŶƚŚĞEsƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞĂƚƚŚĂƚĚĂƚĞ͘EsƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞŝƐĂĚũƵƐƚĞĚĨŽƌƚŚĞŝŵƉĂĐƚŽĨĐĂƉŝƚĂůƌĞĐŽŶƐƚƌƵĐƚŝŽŶƐ;ƐƵĐŚĂƐĂ
ƌŝŐŚƚƐŝƐƐƵĞĂƚĂƉƌĞŵŝƵŵŽƌĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚͿ͕ǁŝƚŚƚŚĞŝŶƚĞŶƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞĐĂůĐƵůĂƚŝŽŶďĞŝŶŐŶĞŝƚŚĞƌƉƌĞũƵĚŝĐŝĂůŶŽƌĂĚǀĂŶƚĂŐĞŽƵƐƚŽƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŽƌƚŚĞ
DĂŶĂŐĞƌ͘,ĂůĨŽĨƚŚĞŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐŝƐƐƵĞĚĂƌĞŚĞůĚŝŶĞƐĐƌŽǁĂŶĚĐĂŶŶŽƚďĞƐŽůĚĨŽƌϱǇĞĂƌƐ͘dŚĞǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞŝŶƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚ
ϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰǁĂƐΨϬ͘ϲϲϬŵŝůůŝŽŶ;ϮϬϮϯ͗ΨϬ͘ϵϬϭŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ͘dŚĞƐŚĂƌĞƐǁŝůůďĞŝƐƐƵĞĚƚŽƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚƚŽďĂůĂŶĐĞĚĂƚĞ͘


Ϯϯ͘Ϯ       <ĞǇŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƉĞƌƐŽŶŶĞůĐŽŵƉĞŶƐĂƚŝŽŶ

/ŶĂĚĚŝƚŝŽŶƚŽƌĞŵƵŶĞƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌŽƵƚůŝŶĞĚĂďŽǀĞ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƉĂŝĚĚŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐĨĞĞƐĚƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚŽĨΨϬ͘ϮϮϳŵŝůůŝŽŶ;ϮϬϮϯ͗ΨϬ͘ϮϮϳ
ŵŝůůŝŽŶͿŝŶĐĂƐŚ͘dŚĞƌĞǁĂƐŶŽŽƚŚĞƌĐŽŵƉĞŶƐĂƚŝŽŶŽĨŬĞǇŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƉĞƌƐŽŶŶĞůĚƵƌŝŶŐƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ͘

Ϯϰ         ^ƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ

dŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŝŶĐŽƌƉŽƌĂƚĞƚŚĞĂƐƐĞƚƐ͕ůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂŶĚƌĞƐƵůƚƐŽĨƚŚĞƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚƚŚĞĂĐĐŽƵŶƚŝŶŐƉŽůŝĐǇ
ĚĞƐĐƌŝďĞĚŝŶŶŽƚĞϮ͘ϰ͘

dŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚŝŶƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ͗
                                                                                                                            ϮϬϮϰ                ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                         ŽƵŶƚƌǇ                                          ƋƵŝƚǇ            ƋƵŝƚǇ
EĂŵĞŽĨĞŶƚŝƚǇ                                                           ŝŶĐŽƌƉŽƌĂƚĞĚ              ĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ              ŚŽůĚŝŶŐ            ŚŽůĚŝŶŐ
EZ>ĂŝƌǇ,ŽůĚŝŶŐƐ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ                                             EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ        ZƵƌĂůůĂŶĚŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚ           ϭϬϬй               ϭϬϬй
^^WE/>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ                                                           EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ        ZƵƌĂůůĂŶĚŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚ           ϭϬϬй               ϭϬϬй
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚ/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƐ'W>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ                            EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ          'ĞŶĞƌĂůƉĂƌƚŶĞƌ                ϳϱй               ϭϬϬй
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚ/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƐ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉ                   EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ        ZƵƌĂůůĂŶĚŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚ            ϳϱй               ϭϬϬй

Ϯϱ         EŽŶͲ'WŵĞĂƐƵƌĞƐ

EŽŶͲ'WŵĞĂƐƵƌĞƐĚŽŶŽƚŚĂǀĞĂƐƚĂŶĚĂƌĚŵĞĂŶŝŶŐƉƌĞƐĐƌŝďĞĚďǇ'WĂŶĚƚŚĞƌĞĨŽƌĞŵĂǇŶŽƚďĞĐŽŵƉĂƌĂďůĞƚŽŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƉƌĞƐĞŶƚĞĚďǇ
ŽƚŚĞƌĞŶƚŝƚŝĞƐ͘dŚĞƐĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞƐƐŚŽƵůĚŶŽƚďĞǀŝĞǁĞĚŝŶŝƐŽůĂƚŝŽŶ͕ŶŽƌĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌĞĚĂƐĂƐƵďƐƚŝƚƵƚĞĨŽƌŵĞĂƐƵƌĞƐƌĞƉŽƌƚĞĚŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚE
/&Z^͘


Ϯϱ͘ϭ       ZĞĐŽŶĐŝůŝĂƚŝŽŶŽĨŶĞƚƉƌŽĨŝƚĂĨƚĞƌƚĂǆƚŽĂĚũƵƐƚĞĚĨƵŶĚƐĨƌŽŵŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƐ;&&KͿ

&ƵŶĚƐĨƌŽŵŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƐ;Ζ&&KΖͿŝƐĂŶŽŶͲ'WĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŵĞĂƐƵƌĞƚŚĂƚƐŚŽǁƐƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐƵŶĚĞƌůǇŝŶŐĂŶĚƌĞĐƵƌƌŝŶŐĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐĨƌŽŵŝƚƐŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƐĂŶĚ
ŝƐĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌĞĚŝŶĚƵƐƚƌǇďĞƐƚƉƌĂĐƚŝĐĞĨŽƌĂƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇĨƵŶĚƚŽĞŶĂďůĞŝŶǀĞƐƚŽƌƐƚŽƐĞĞƚŚĞĐĂƐŚŐĞŶĞƌĂƚŝŶŐĂďŝůŝƚǇŽĨƚŚĞďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐ͘dŚŝƐŝƐĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚ
ďǇĂĚũƵƐƚŝŶŐƐƚĂƚƵƚŽƌǇŶĞƚƉƌŽĨŝƚ;ƵŶĚĞƌE/&Z^ͿĨŽƌĐĞƌƚĂŝŶŶŽŶͲĐĂƐŚĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌŝƚĞŵƐ͘&&KŚĂƐďĞĞŶĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚďĂƐĞĚŽŶŐƵŝĚĞůŝŶĞƐĞƐƚĂďůŝƐŚĞĚ
ďǇƚŚĞWƌŽƉĞƌƚǇŽƵŶĐŝůŽĨƵƐƚƌĂůŝĂĂŶĚŝƐŝŶƚĞŶĚĞĚĂƐĂƐƵƉƉůĞŵĞŶƚĂƌǇŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŽĨŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞ͘dŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌƵƐĞƐĂŶĚĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌƐ
ĚũƵƐƚĞĚ&ƵŶĚƐ&ƌŽŵKƉĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƐ;Ζ&&KΖͿĂƐĂŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŽĨŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁŐĞŶĞƌĂƚĞĚĨƌŽŵƚŚĞďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐ͕ĂĨƚĞƌƉƌŽǀŝĚŝŶŐĨŽƌĂůůŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐ
ĐĂƉŝƚĂůƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐŵĂŝŶƚĞŶĂŶĐĞĐĂƉŝƚĂůĞǆƉĞŶĚŝƚƵƌĞ͕ƚĞŶĂŶƚŝŵƉƌŽǀĞŵĞŶƚǁŽƌŬƐ͕ŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐĂŶĚůĞĂƐŝŶŐĐŽƐƚƐ͘




                                                                                                                                                       Ϯϯ
                                                                                                                           NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                            37
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

Ϯϱ͘ϭ       ZĞĐŽŶĐŝůŝĂƚŝŽŶŽĨŶĞƚƉƌŽĨŝƚĂĨƚĞƌƚĂǆƚŽĂĚũƵƐƚĞĚĨƵŶĚƐĨƌŽŵŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƐ;&&KͿ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

                                                                                                                                     ϮϬϮϰ                      ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                           EŽƚĞƐ                    ΨΖϬϬϬ                     ΨΖϬϬϬ
EĞƚƉƌŽĨŝƚĂĨƚĞƌƚĂǆ                                                                                                               Ϯϯ͕Ϭϳϵ                   ϭϬ͕ϴϱϰ

ĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚƐ
hŶƌĞĂůŝƐĞĚŶĞƚŐĂŝŶŝŶǀĂůƵĞŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ                                                         ϲ         ;Ϯϯ͕ϴϱϵͿ ;ϳ͕ϯϴϴͿ
hŶƌĞĂůŝƐĞĚŵŽǀĞŵĞŶƚŝŶƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐ                                                  ϭϴ           ϳ͕ϳϮϰ Ͳ
WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞƉĂǇĂďůĞŝŶƐŚĂƌĞƐ                                                                            Ϯϭ                             ϲϲϬ ϵϬϭ
hŶƌĞĂůŝƐĞĚŶĞƚůŽƐƐŽŶĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞƐ                                                                            ϵ           ϭ͕ϵϵϴ Ϯ͕ϱϭϮ
ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĞǆƉĞŶƐĞͬ;ďĞŶĞĨŝƚͿ                                                                            ϭϬ͘Ϯ         ϵϳϵ ;ϰϴϯͿ
ŵŽƌƚŝƐĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƌĞŶƚĨƌĞĞŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐ                                                                         ϴ                              ϭϳϲ                     ϭϳϲ
ŵŽƌƚŝƐĂƚŝŽŶŽĨůĞĂƐĞĨĞĞĂŶĚĂŵĞŶĚŵĞŶƚ                                                                                  ϯϰ ϯϬ
ŝƐƉŽƐĂůŽĨƐƵƌƉůƵƐĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                              ;ϮϭͿ Ͳ
>ŽĂŶŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌŽůůĞĚŝŶƚŽŶĞǁƐǇŶĚŝĐĂƚŝŽŶĨĂĐŝůŝƚǇ                                                                       Ϯϯϰ Ͳ
/ŶŝƚŝĂůƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶĂŶĚƵŶƌĞĂůŝƐĞĚŶĞƚŐĂŝŶŽĨĐĂƌďŽŶĐƌĞĚŝƚƐ                                                           ;ϮϲͿ Ͳ
ĂƉŝƚĂůŝƐĞĚŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚůŽĂŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ                                                                                  ;ϭ͕ϯϭϲͿ Ͳ
&ƵŶĚƐĨƌŽŵŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƐ;Ζ&&KΖͿ                                                                                                            ϵ͕ϲϲϮ                  ϲ͕ϲϬϮ

&&KĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚ;ĐĞŶƚƐͿ Ϯ                                                                            Ϯ͕ϯϲϳ Ͳ
&&KĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇ;ĐĞŶƚƐͿ                                                                                 ϳ͕Ϯϵϱ ϲ͕ϲϬϮ

ŽŵƉĂŶǇ&&KƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ;ĐĞŶƚƐͿ                                                                                                          ϱ͘ϭϬ                     ϰ͘ϳϰ

ĚũƵƐƚŵĞŶƚƐ
/ŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐĂŶĚůĞĂƐŝŶŐĐŽƐƚƐ                                                                                            Ϯϯ ϭϮϬ
&ƵƚƵƌĞŵĂŝŶƚĞŶĂŶĐĞĐĂƉŝƚĂůĞǆƉĞŶĚŝƚƵƌĞϷ                                                                                                 ;ϯϯϲͿ                    ;ϲϲϯͿ
ĚũƵƐƚĞĚĨƵŶĚƐĨƌŽŵŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƐ;Ζ&&KΖͿ                                                                                                ϵ͕ϯϰϴ                    ϲ͕Ϭϱϵ

&&KĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚ;ĐĞŶƚƐͿ Ϯ                                                                                        Ϯ͕Ϯϴϲ Ͳ
&&KĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞƚŽƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇ;ĐĞŶƚƐͿ                                                                                             ϳ͕ϬϲϮ ϲ͕Ϭϱϵ

ŽŵƉĂŶǇ&&KƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ;ĐĞŶƚƐͿ                                                                                                         ϰ͘ϵϰ                     ϰ͘ϯϱ

ϷZĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚƐĂŵŽƵŶƚƐƐĞƚĂƐŝĚĞĞĂĐŚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƉĞƌŝŽĚĨŽƌĨƵƚƵƌĞĞǆƉĞĐƚĞĚŵĂŝŶƚĞŶĂŶĐĞĐĂƉŝƚĂůĞǆƉĞŶĚŝƚƵƌĞĂƐĐŽŶƐŝĚĞƌĞĚƉƌƵĚĞŶƚďǇƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌ͘
dŚĞƐĞĂŵŽƵŶƚƐĚŽŶŽƚƋƵĂůŝĨǇĨŽƌƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶĂƐůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐŽŶƚŚĞďĂůĂŶĐĞƐŚĞĞƚƵŶĚĞƌE'W͘
Ϯ
  /ŶƚŚĞƉƌŝŽƌǇĞĂƌ͕&&KĂŶĚ&&KǁĞƌĞĞŶƚŝƌĞůǇĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĞĚƚŽƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇĂƐƚŚĞ>ĂŶĚdƌƵƐƚĚŝĚŶŽƚďĞĐŽŵĞƉĂƌƚŽĨƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƵŶƚŝů&ĞďƌƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϰ
;ƌĞĨĞƌƚŽŶŽƚĞϱͿ͘

Ϯϱ͘Ϯ       EĞƚĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞĂŶĚŶĞƚƚĂŶŐŝďůĞĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƉƌĞƐĞŶƚƐŶĞƚĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞĂŶĚŶĞƚƚĂŶŐŝďůĞĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞŝŶƚŚĞƐĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉďĞůŝĞǀĞƐƚŚĂƚƚŚĞƐĞŶŽŶͲ'W
ŵĞĂƐƵƌĞƐƉƌŽǀŝĚĞƵƐĞĨƵůĂĚĚŝƚŝŽŶĂůŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƚŽƌĞĂĚĞƌƐ͘EĞƚƚĂŶŐŝďůĞĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞŝƐĂƌĞƋƵŝƌĞĚĚŝƐĐůŽƐƵƌĞƵŶĚĞƌƚŚĞEy>ŝƐƚŝŶŐZƵůĞƐĂŶĚ
ŶĞƚĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞŝƐĂŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵŽŶŝƚŽƌĞĚďǇŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĂŶĚƌĞƋƵŝƌĞĚĨŽƌĐĂůĐƵůĂƚŝŶŐƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌΖƐƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞ͘dŚĞĐĂůĐƵůĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞ
'ƌŽƵƉΖƐŶĞƚĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ͕ŶĞƚƚĂŶŐŝďůĞĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ͕ĂŶĚŝƚƐƌĞĐŽŶĐŝůŝĂƚŝŽŶƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƉŽƐŝƚŝŽŶŝƐƉƌĞƐĞŶƚĞĚ
ďĞůŽǁ͗


                                                                                                                                        ϮϬϮϰ                   ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                           EŽƚĞƐ                        ΨΖϬϬϬ                 ΨΖϬϬϬ
dŽƚĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                                            ϰϰϭ͕ϵϯϯ ϯϲϵ͕ϴϯϭ
;>ĞƐƐͿ͗dŽƚĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                                              ;ϮϭϮ͕ϴϬϭͿ ;ϭϰϲ͕ϳϯϵͿ
EĞƚĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                                                         ϮϮϵ͕ϭϯϮ               ϮϮϯ͕ϬϵϮ
;>ĞƐƐͿ͗ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                 ϭϬ͘Ϯ       ;ϱϱϮͿ ;ϭ͕ϯϵϴͿ
ĚĚ͗ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                                 ϭϬ͘Ϯ         Ϯ͕ϰϳϭ Ͳ
;>ĞƐƐͿ͗ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                    ϭϰ        ;ϱϬϯͿ ;ϳϭͿ
EĞƚƚĂŶŐŝďůĞĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                                                ϮϯϬ͕ϱϰϴ               ϮϮϭ͕ϲϮϯ

EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƐŚĂƌĞƐŝƐƐƵĞĚ;ΖϬϬϬͿ                                                                                          ϭϰϮ͕ϵϱϰ ϭϯϵ͕Ϯϵϱ
EĞƚĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ;ΨͿ                                                                                                ϭ͘ϲϬϮϴ ϭ͘ϲϬϭϲ
EĞƚƚĂŶŐŝďůĞĂƐƐĞƚƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ;ΨͿ                                                                                       ϭ͘ϲϭϮϳ ϭ͘ϱϵϭϬ


                                                                                                                                                                Ϯϰ
                                                                                                                            NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                        38
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

Ϯϲ         &ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ

ĂƚĞŐŽƌŝĞƐŽĨĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ͗
                                                                                                 &ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂů             &ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂů            &ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂů
                                                                                                    ĂƐƐĞƚƐͬ              ĂƐƐĞƚƐĂƚ         ůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƚ
                                                                                                                                                                              dŽƚĂů
                                                                                              ůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƚ           ĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚ             ĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĞĚ
ϮϬϮϰ                                                                                                 &sdW>                   ĐŽƐƚ                    ĐŽƐƚ
ƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                                    ΨΖϬϬϬ                ΨΖϬϬϬ            ΨΖϬϬϬ                     ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐ                                                                                       Ͳ                ϱ͕ϱϮϬ                      Ͳ ϱ͕ϱϮϬ
dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐ                                                                                     Ͳ ϭ͕ϭϮϳ                      Ͳ ϭ͕ϭϮϳ
>ŽĂŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ                                                                                                 Ͳ Ϯϭ͕ϲϴϱ                       Ͳ Ϯϭ͕ϲϴϱ
ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                          ϱϬϯ                    Ͳ                      Ͳ ϱϬϯ
                                                                                           ϱϬϯ Ϯϴ͕ϯϯϮ ͲϮϴ͕ϴϯϱ
>ŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ
dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ                                                                                  Ͳ                          Ͳ Ϯ͕ϯϱϵ              Ϯ͕ϯϱϵ
ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ                                                                                                Ͳ                          Ͳ ϭϯϭ͕ϮϬϳ              ϭϯϭ͕ϮϬϳ
ZĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐ                                                                 ϳϱ͕ϳϵϳ                          Ͳ                       Ͳ          ϳϱ͕ϳϵϳ
ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                                Ϯ͕ϰϳϭ                          Ͳ Ͳ         Ϯ͕ϰϳϭ
                                                                                                     ϳϴ͕Ϯϲϴ                          Ͳ            ϭϯϯ͕ϱϲϲ              Ϯϭϭ͕ϴϯϰ

ϮϬϮϯ
ƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                                 ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ                  ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ
ĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐ                                                                                   Ͳ ϭ͕Ϯϱϴ                       Ͳ ϭ͕ϵϰϮ
dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞƐ                                                                                 Ͳ ϰϲ                    Ͳ ϰϭ
>ŽĂŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ                                                                                             Ͳ ϮϬ͕ϯϲϯ                        Ͳ ϭϵ͕ϭϰϰ
ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                          ϳϭ                       Ͳ                    Ͳ Ϯ͕ϱϬϲ
                                                                                                           ϳϭ Ϯϭ͕ϲϲϳ                        Ͳ Ϯϯ͕ϲϯϯ
>ŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ
dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ                                                                                       Ͳ                     Ͳ ϱϲϵ              ϱϲϵ
ŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶ                                                                                               Ͳ                     Ͳ ϭϭ͕ϵϴϬ              ϭϭ͕ϵϴϬ
ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ                                                                                                     Ͳ                     Ͳ ϭϯϯ͕ϱϬϬ              ϭϯϯ͕ϱϬϬ
                                                                                                               Ͳ                     Ͳ            ϭϰϲ͕Ϭϰϵ              ϭϰϲ͕Ϭϰϵ

Ϯϳ         &ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƌŝƐŬŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ

Ϯϳ͘ϭ       /ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƌŝƐŬ

/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƌŝƐŬŝƐƚŚĞƌŝƐŬƚŚĂƚĨůƵĐƚƵĂƚŝŽŶƐŝŶŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐŝŵƉĂĐƚƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞ͕ĨƵƚƵƌĞĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐŽƌƚŚĞĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨŝƚƐ
ĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ͘

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐƉŽůŝĐǇŝƐƚŽŵĂŶĂŐĞŝƚƐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐƵƐŝŶŐĂŵŝǆŽĨĨŝǆĞĚĂŶĚǀĂƌŝĂďůĞƌĂƚĞĚĞďƚ͘dŽŵĂŶĂŐĞƚŚŝƐŵŝǆ͕ƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĞŶƚĞƌƐŝŶƚŽŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚ
ƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐ͕ŝŶǁŚŝĐŚƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĂŐƌĞĞƐƚŽĞǆĐŚĂŶŐĞ͕ĂƚƐƉĞĐŝĨŝĞĚŝŶƚĞƌǀĂůƐ͕ƚŚĞĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶĐĞďĞƚǁĞĞŶĨŝǆĞĚĂŶĚǀĂƌŝĂďůĞƌĂƚĞƐĨŽƌŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĐĂůĐƵůĂƚĞĚ
ďǇƌĞĨĞƌĞŶĐĞƚŽĂŶĂŐƌĞĞĚͲƵƉŽŶŶŽƚŝŽŶĂůƉƌŝŶĐŝƉĂůĂŵŽƵŶƚ͘dŚĞƐĞƐǁĂƉƐĂƌĞĚĞƐŝŐŶĞĚƚŽĞĐŽŶŽŵŝĐĂůůǇŚĞĚŐĞƵŶĚĞƌůǇŝŶŐĚĞďƚŽďůŝŐĂƚŝŽŶƐ͘

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉΖƐĞǆƉŽƐƵƌĞƚŽǀĂƌŝĂďůĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƌŝƐŬĂŶĚƚŚĞǁĞŝŐŚƚĞĚĂǀĞƌĂŐĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞĨŽƌŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚďĞĂƌŝŶŐĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂƐĂƚ
ϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰǁĂƐĂƐĨŽůůŽǁƐ͗


                                                                                                                                                        ϮϬϮϰ                   ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                                       ΨΖϬϬϬ                  ΨΖϬϬϬ
&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐ
ĂƐŚĂƚďĂŶŬ                                                                                                                                           ϱ͕ϱϮϬ                 ϭ͕Ϯϱϴ

&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ
ĂŶŬďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ;ŶĞƚŽĨĞĐŽŶŽŵŝĐŝŵƉĂĐƚŽĨŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐͿ                                                                                      ϰϱ͕ϳϬϳ                ϰϴ͕ϬϬϬ

/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞĂƉƉůŝĐĂďůĞĂƚďĂůĂŶĐĞĚĂƚĞ
ĂƐŚĂƚďĂŶŬ                                                                                                                                            фϭй                    фϭй
ĂŶŬďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ;ŶĞƚŽĨĞĐŽŶŽŵŝĐŝŵƉĂĐƚŽĨŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐͿ                                                                                       ϲ͘Ϯϯй                  ϳ͘ϲϬй




                                                                                                                                                                                Ϯϱ
                                                                                                                                              NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                                       39
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

Ϯϳ͘ϭ          /ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƌŝƐŬ;ĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞĚͿ

dŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐƐĞŶƐŝƚŝǀŝƚǇĂŶĂůǇƐŝƐƌĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚƐƚŚĞĐŚĂŶŐĞŝŶŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞŝĨƚŚĞĨůŽĂƚŝŶŐŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐŽŶďĂŶŬďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ;ŶĞƚŽĨĞĐŽŶŽŵŝĐ
ŝŵƉĂĐƚĨƌŽŵŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐͿŚĂĚďĞĞŶϮйŚŝŐŚĞƌŽƌůŽǁĞƌ͕ǁŝƚŚŽƚŚĞƌǀĂƌŝĂďůĞƐƌĞŵĂŝŶŝŶŐĐŽŶƐƚĂŶƚ͗

                                                                                                        ϮϬϮϰ                          ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                             /ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞ /ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞ /ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞ /ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞ
                                                                                              ĚĞĐƌĞĂƐĞŽĨ    ŝŶĐƌĞĂƐĞŽĨ ĚĞĐƌĞĂƐĞŽĨ     ŝŶĐƌĞĂƐĞŽĨ
                                                                                                       Ϯй              Ϯй            Ϯй              Ϯй
                                                                                                    ΨΖϬϬϬ           ΨΖϬϬϬ         ΨΖϬϬϬ           ΨΖϬϬϬ
/ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞͬ;ĚĞĐƌĞĂƐĞͿŝŶŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞ                                                           ;ϵϭϰͿ             ϵϭϰ        ;ϵϲϬͿ             ϵϲϬ

dŚĞƌĞŝƐŶŽŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƌŝƐŬŽŶƚŚĞůŽĂŶƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ;ŶŽƚĞϭϯͿĂƐƚŚĞǇĂĐĐƌƵĞŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĂƚĂĨŝǆĞĚƌĂƚĞ͘

Ϯϳ͘Ϯ          ƌĞĚŝƚƌŝƐŬ

ƌĞĚŝƚƌŝƐŬƌĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚƐƚŚĞƌŝƐŬƚŚĂƚƚŚĞĐŽƵŶƚĞƌƉĂƌƚǇƚŽƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚǁŝůůĨĂŝůƚŽĚŝƐĐŚĂƌŐĞĂŶŽďůŝŐĂƚŝŽŶĂŶĚĐĂƵƐĞƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƚŽŝŶĐƵƌĂ
financial loss. Financial instruments which are subject to credit risk principally consist of cash, debtors and loans receivable. The Group’s exposure
ƚŽĐƌĞĚŝƚƌŝƐŬŝƐĞƋƵĂůƚŽƚŚĞĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐǀĂůƵĞŽĨƚŚĞĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚƌƵŵĞŶƚƐ͘

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĐŽŶĚƵĐƚƐĐƌĞĚŝƚĂƐƐĞƐƐŵĞŶƚƐŽĨƚĞŶĂŶƚƐƚŽĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĐƌĞĚŝƚǁŽƌƚŚŝŶĞƐƐƉƌŝŽƌƚŽĞŶƚĞƌŝŶŐŝŶƚŽůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘dŚŝƐŝŶĐůƵĚĞƐƌĞƋƵŝƌŝŶŐ
ƚĞŶĂŶƚƐƚŽŚĂǀĞĞƋƵŝƚǇĂƚůĞĂƐƚƐŝǆƚŝŵĞƐƚŚĞŝƌĂŶŶƵĂůůĞĂƐĞŽďůŝŐĂƚŝŽŶƐŽƌƉƌŽǀŝĚĞŽƚŚĞƌƐƵŝƚĂďůĞƐĞĐƵƌŝƚǇĂƌƌĂŶŐĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘tŚĞƌĞĂƉƉƌŽƉƌŝĂƚĞ͕ƚŚĞ
'ƌŽƵƉǁŝůůŝŶĐůƵĚĞŐƵĂƌĂŶƚĞĞƐĂŶĚͬŽƌƐĞĐƵƌŝƚǇĨƌŽŵƚĞŶĂŶƚƐǁŝƚŚŝŶůĞĂƐĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚƐƚŽƐƵƉƉŽƌƚƌĞŶƚĂůƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƐ͘/ŶĂĚĚŝƚŝŽŶ͕ĚĞďƚŽƌďĂůĂŶĐĞƐĂƌĞ
ŵŽŶŝƚŽƌĞĚŽŶĂŶŽŶŐŽŝŶŐďĂƐŝƐǁŝƚŚƚŚĞƌĞƐƵůƚƚŚĂƚĞǆƉŽƐƵƌĞƚŽďĂĚĚĞďƚƐŝƐŶŽƚƐŝŐŶŝĨŝĐĂŶƚ͘

dŚĞƌŝƐŬĨƌŽŵĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚŝƚƵƚŝŽŶƐŝƐŵĂŶĂŐĞĚďǇƉůĂĐŝŶŐĐĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐǁŝƚŚŚŝŐŚĐƌĞĚŝƚƋƵĂůŝƚǇĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůŝŶƐƚŝƚƵƚŝŽŶƐŽŶůǇ͘dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉ
ŚĂƐƉůĂĐĞĚŝƚƐĐĂƐŚĂŶĚĐĂƐŚĞƋƵŝǀĂůĞŶƚƐǁŝƚŚtĞƐƚƉĂĐEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚ͕ǁŚŽŝƐͲƌĂƚĞĚ;^ƚĂŶĚĂƌĚΘWŽŽƌΖƐͿ͘

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŝŶƚĞŶĚƐƚŽĨƵƌƚŚĞƌŵŝƚŝŐĂƚĞƚŚŝƐƌŝƐŬŝŶƚŚĞĨƵƚƵƌĞďǇĞǆƉĂŶĚŝŶŐŝŶƚŽŽƚŚĞƌƉƌŝŵĂƌǇƐĞĐƚŽƌƐŝŶEĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚ͕ƐƵĐŚĂƐŚŽƌƚŝĐƵůƚƵƌĞ͕
ǀŝƚŝĐƵůƚƵƌĞ͕ƐŚĞĞƉĂŶĚďĞĞĨ͘


Ϯϳ͘ϯ          >ŝƋƵŝĚŝƚǇƌŝƐŬ

>ŝƋƵŝĚŝƚǇƌŝƐŬŝƐƚŚĞƌŝƐŬƚŚĂƚƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŵĂǇĞŶĐŽƵŶƚĞƌĚŝĨĨŝĐƵůƚǇŝŶŵĞĞƚŝŶŐŝƚƐŽďůŝŐĂƚŝŽŶƐĂƐƐŽĐŝĂƚĞĚǁŝƚŚŝƚƐĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐƚŚĂƚĂƌĞƐĞƚƚůĞĚďǇ
delivering cash or another financial asset. Liquidity risk mainly arises from the Group’s obligations in respect of long term borrowings, derivatives
ĂŶĚƚƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ͘

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŵŽŶŝƚŽƌƐĂŶĚĞǀĂůƵĂƚĞƐůŝƋƵŝĚŝƚǇƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐŽŶĂŶŽŶŐŽŝŶŐďĂƐŝƐĂŶĚŐĞŶĞƌĂƚĞƐƐƵĨĨŝĐŝĞŶƚĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐĨƌŽŵŝƚƐŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐƚŽ
meet its obligations arising from its financial liabilities and has bank facilities available to cover potential shortfalls. The Group’s approach to
ŵĂŶĂŐŝŶŐůŝƋƵŝĚŝƚǇƌŝƐŬŝƐƚŽĞŶƐƵƌĞŝƚǁŝůůĂůǁĂǇƐŚĂǀĞƐƵĨĨŝĐŝĞŶƚůŝƋƵŝĚŝƚǇƚŽŵĞĞƚŝƚƐŽďůŝŐĂƚŝŽŶƐǁŚĞŶƚŚĞǇĨĂůůĚƵĞƵŶĚĞƌďŽƚŚŶŽƌŵĂůĂŶĚƐƚƌĞƐƐ
ĐŽŶĚŝƚŝŽŶƐ͘


dŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐƚĂďůĞŽƵƚůŝŶĞƐƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉƐΖůŝƋƵŝĚŝƚǇƉƌŽĨŝůĞ͕ĂƐĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͕ďĂƐĞĚŽŶĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƵĂůŶŽŶͲĚŝƐĐŽƵŶƚĞĚĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐ͗

                                                                                    dŽƚĂů         ϬͲϭǇĞĂƌ        ϭͲϮǇĞĂƌƐ       ϮͲϱǇĞĂƌƐ            хϱǇĞĂƌƐ
ϮϬϮϰ                                                                                ΨΖϬϬϬ            ΨΖϬϬϬ            ΨΖϬϬϬ           ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ
dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ                                                            ϯ͕ϭϱϳ           ϯ͕ϭϱϳ               Ͳ              Ͳ                  Ͳ
ĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐϮ                                                            ϭ͕ϯϱϬ           ;ϯϮϳͿ              ϳϴϰ            ϴϵϯ                  Ͳ
ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐϷ                                                                      ϭϰϮ͕ϭϭϰ         ϱϯ͕ϰϯϮ          ϱϵ͕ϴϮϯ         Ϯϴ͕ϴϱϵ                   Ͳ
ZĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞůŝŵŝƚĞĚƉĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐ                                               ϳϱ͕ϳϵϳ               Ͳ               Ͳ              Ͳ            ϳϱ͕ϳϵϳ
dŽƚĂů                                                                             ϮϮϮ͕ϰϭϳ         ϱϲ͕ϮϲϮ          ϲϬ͕ϲϬϳ         Ϯϵ͕ϳϱϮ             ϳϱ͕ϳϵϳ

                                                                                    dŽƚĂů         ϬͲϭǇĞĂƌ        ϭͲϮǇĞĂƌƐ       ϮͲϱǇĞĂƌƐ            хϱǇĞĂƌƐ
ϮϬϮϯ                                                                                ΨΖϬϬϬ            ΨΖϬϬϬ            ΨΖϬϬϬ           ΨΖϬϬϬ               ΨΖϬϬϬ
dƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ                                                            ϭ͕ϬϵϬ           ϭ͕ϬϵϬ               Ͳ              Ͳ                  Ͳ
ŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶ                                                                   ϭϭ͕ϵϴϬ         ϭϭ͕ϵϴϬ                Ͳ              Ͳ                  Ͳ
ŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐϷ                                                                      ϭϰϵ͕ϵϮϳ         ϯϴ͕ϰϬϮ          ϱϭ͕ϵϰϱ         ϱϵ͕ϱϴϬ                   Ͳ
dŽƚĂů                                                                             ϭϲϮ͕ϵϵϳ         ϱϭ͕ϰϳϮ          ϱϭ͕ϵϰϱ         ϱϵ͕ϱϴϬ                   Ͳ

Ϸ/ŶĐůƵĚĞƐĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚƵĂůŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƐďĂƐĞĚŽŶĚƌĂǁŶĚŽǁŶĂŵŽƵŶƚƐĂƚƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĚĂƚĞĂŶĚĂƐƐƵŵŝŶŐŶŽƌĞƉĂǇŵĞŶƚƐŽĨƉƌŝŶĐŝƉĂůƉƌŝŽƌƚŽĞǆƉŝƌǇ
ĚĂƚĞ͘
Ϯ
    sĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŽĨŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚƌĂƚĞƐǁĂƉƐŝƐďĂƐĞĚŽŶƚŚĞĨƵƚƵƌĞƐŵĂƌŬĞƚĂŶĚƚŚĞƌĞĨŽƌĞƚŚĞĐƵƌƌĞŶƚŵĂƌŬĞƚΖƐĞǆƉĞĐƚĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚŽƐĞĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐ͘



                                                                                                                                                            Ϯϲ
                                                                                                                                NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                 40
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

Ϯϳ͘ϯ       ĂƉŝƚĂůƌŝƐŬŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ

tŚĞŶŵĂŶĂŐŝŶŐĐĂƉŝƚĂůƌŝƐŬ͕ƚŚĞDĂŶĂŐĞƌΖƐŽďũĞĐƚŝǀĞŝƐƚŽĞŶƐƵƌĞƚŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉĐŽŶƚŝŶƵĞƐĂƐĂŐŽŝŶŐĐŽŶĐĞƌŶĂƐǁĞůůĂƐƚŽŵĂŝŶƚĂŝŶŽƉƚŝŵĂůƌĞƚƵƌŶƐƚŽ
ƐŚĂƌĞŚŽůĚĞƌƐĂŶĚďĞŶĞĨŝƚƐĨŽƌŽƚŚĞƌĐƌĞĚŝƚŽƌƐ͘

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŵĞĞƚƐŝƚƐŽďũĞĐƚŝǀĞƐĨŽƌŵĂŶĂŐŝŶŐĐĂƉŝƚĂůƚŚƌŽƵŐŚŝƚƐŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚĚĞĐŝƐŝŽŶƐŽŶƚŚĞĂĐƋƵŝƐŝƚŝŽŶĂŶĚĚŝƐƉŽƐĂůŽĨĂƐƐĞƚƐ͕ĚŝǀŝĚĞŶĚƉŽůŝĐǇ͕
ĂŶĚŝƐƐƵĂŶĐĞŽĨŶĞǁƐŚĂƌĞƐ͘dŚŝƐŝŶĐůƵĚĞƐƌĞƐƚƌŝĐƚŝŶŐĚĞďƚƚŽϰϬйŽĨƚŽƚĂůĂƐƐĞƚƐĂŶĚĚĞďƚǁŝůůŐĞŶĞƌĂůůǇďĞƐŽƵŐŚƚŽŶŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚͲŽŶůǇƌĞƉĂǇŵĞŶƚ
ƚĞƌŵƐ͕ƐƵďũĞĐƚƚŽŵĂŝŶƚĂŝŶŝŶŐƚŚĞϰϬйĚĞďƚůŝŵŝƚ͘dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉǁŝůůĂůƐŽƐĞĞŬĚĞďƚǁŝƚŚŵŽƌƚŐĂŐĞƐĞĐƵƌŝƚǇŽǀĞƌƚŚĞƌƵƌĂůůĂŶĚĂĐƋƵŝƌĞĚƚŽƐĞĐƵƌĞƚŚĞ
ďŽƌƌŽǁŝŶŐƐ͘


Ϯϴ         ĂƌŶŝŶŐƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ

ĂƐŝĐĂŶĚĚŝůƵƚĞĚĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞĂŵŽƵŶƚƐĂƌĞĐĂůĐƵůĂƚĞĚďǇĚŝǀŝĚŝŶŐƉƌŽĨŝƚĂĨƚĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆĂƚƚƌŝďƵƚĂďůĞƚŽƐŚĂƌĞŚŽůĚĞƌƐďǇƚŚĞǁĞŝŐŚƚĞĚ
ĂǀĞƌĂŐĞŶƵŵďĞƌŽĨƐŚĂƌĞƐŽŶŝƐƐƵĞ͘

ŝůƵƚĞĚĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞĂĚũƵƐƚƐƚŚĞĨŝŐƵƌĞƐƵƐĞĚŝŶƚŚĞĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĂƚŝŽŶŽĨďĂƐŝĐĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞƚŽƚĂŬĞŝŶƚŽĂĐĐŽƵŶƚƚŚĞĂĨƚĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆ
ĞĨĨĞĐƚŽĨŝŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌĨŝŶĂŶĐŝŶŐĐŽƐƚƐĂƐƐŽĐŝĂƚĞĚǁŝƚŚĚŝůƵƚŝǀĞƉŽƚĞŶƚŝĂůŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ͕ĂŶĚƚŚĞǁĞŝŐŚƚĞĚĂǀĞƌĂŐĞŶƵŵďĞƌŽĨŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇ
ƐŚĂƌĞƐƚŚĂƚǁŽƵůĚŚĂǀĞďĞĞŶŽƵƚƐƚĂŶĚŝŶŐĂƐƐƵŵŝŶŐƚŚĞĐŽŶǀĞƌƐŝŽŶŽĨĂůůĚŝůƵƚŝǀĞƉŽƚĞŶƚŝĂůŽƌĚŝŶĂƌǇƐŚĂƌĞƐ͘dŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇŚĂƐŶŽĚŝůƵƚŝǀĞĨĂĐƚŽƌƐ͘



                                                                                                                                      ϮϬϮϰ                   ϮϬϮϯ
WƌŽĨŝƚĂĨƚĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆ;ΨΖϬϬϬͿ                                                                                       Ϯϯ͕Ϭϳϵ ϭϬ͕ϴϱϰ
tĞŝŐŚƚĞĚĂǀĞƌĂŐĞŶƵŵďĞƌŽĨƐŚĂƌĞƐĨŽƌƚŚĞƉƵƌƉŽƐĞŽĨďĂƐŝĐĂŶĚĚŝůƵƚĞĚW^;ΖϬϬϬͿ                                     ϭϰϬ͕ϭϳϬ ϭϯϰ͕ϲϰϲ
ĂƐŝĐĂŶĚĚŝůƵƚĞĚĞĂƌŶŝŶŐƐƉĞƌƐŚĂƌĞ;ĐĞŶƚƐͿ                                                                          ϭϲ͘ϰϳ ϴ͘Ϭϲ

Ϯϵ         ZĞĐŽŶĐŝůŝĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƉƌŽĨŝƚĂĨƚĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆƚŽŶĞƚĐĂƐŚĨůŽǁƐĨƌŽŵŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ

                                                                                                                                  ϮϬϮϰ                   ϮϬϮϯ
                                                                                                                                 ΨΖϬϬϬ                ΨΖϬϬϬ
WƌŽĨŝƚĂŶĚƚŽƚĂůĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞŝŶĐŽŵĞĨŽƌƚŚĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ                                                                            Ϯϯ͕Ϭϳϵ                ϭϬ͕ϴϱϰ

ĚĚͬ;ůĞƐƐͿŶŽŶͲĐĂƐŚŝƚĞŵƐ͗
ŚĂŶŐĞŝŶĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨĚĞƌŝǀĂƚŝǀĞƐ                                                                                              Ϯ͕Ϭϯϵ                  Ϯ͕ϰϯϱ
ŚĂŶŐĞŝŶĨĂŝƌǀĂůƵĞŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐ                                                                                 ;Ϯϯ͕ϴϱϵͿ                 ;ϳ͕ϯϴϴͿ
DŽǀĞŵĞŶƚŝŶƌĞĚĞĞŵĂďůĞ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚWĂƌƚŶĞƌƐŚŝƉƵŶŝƚƐ                                                                                 ϳ͕ϳϮϰ                      Ͳ
WĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞĨĞĞƉĂǇĂďůĞŝŶƐŚĂƌĞƐ                                                                                                  ϲϲϬ                    ϵϬϭ
/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚŝŶĐŽŵĞĂĐĐƌƵĂů                                                                                                        ;ϭ͕ϯϭϲͿ                 ;ϭ͕ϮϮϲͿ
ĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆ                                                                                                                       ϴϰϲ                  ;ϰϴϯͿ
ĞƌĞĐŽŐŶŝƚŝŽŶŽĨĚĞĨĞƌƌĞĚƚĂǆ                                                                                                      ϭϯϮ                      Ͳ
>ĞĂƐĞŝŶĐĞŶƚŝǀĞƐͲƌĞŶƚĨƌĞĞƉĞƌŝŽĚ                                                                                                ϭϵϴ                    Ϯϵϳ
/ŶƚĞƌĞƐƚĞǆƉĞŶƐĞĂĐĐƌƵĂů                                                                                                         ;ϭϰϰͿ                      ϰϳ
>ĞĂƐĞĨĞĞĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĂƚŝŽŶ                                                                                                               ϯϰ                    ϯϳ
KƚŚĞƌ                                                                                                                              ;ϰϲͿ                      Ͳ
ŽŶǀĞƌƚŝďůĞůŽĂŶĂŵŽƌƚŝƐĂƚŝŽŶ                                                                                                         Ͳ                   ϭϴϬ

DŽǀĞŵĞŶƚƐŝŶǁŽƌŬŝŶŐĐĂƉŝƚĂůŝƚĞŵƐ͗
;/ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞͿŝŶŽƚŚĞƌĐƵƌƌĞŶƚĂƐƐĞƚƐ                                                                                              ;ϭ͕ϮϮϰͿ                    ;ϯϭͿ
ĞĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶŝŶĐŽŵĞƚĂǆƌĞĐĞŝǀĂďůĞ                                                                                                     ϳ                      ϲ
/ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶƚƌĂĚĞĂŶĚŽƚŚĞƌƉĂǇĂďůĞƐ                                                                                                ϲϲϵ                     ϲϴ
/ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞŝŶŝŶĐŽŵĞŝŶĂĚǀĂŶĐĞ                                                                                                       Ϯϭϵ                   ϮϵϮ
EĞƚĐĂƐŚŐĞŶĞƌĂƚĞĚďǇŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ                                                                                        ϵ͕Ϭϭϴ                 ϱ͕ϵϴϵ




                                                                                                                                                           Ϯϳ
                                                                                                                          NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                  41
EĞǁĞĂůĂŶĚZƵƌĂů>ĂŶĚŽŵƉĂŶǇ>ŝŵŝƚĞĚĂŶĚŝƚƐƐƵďƐŝĚŝĂƌŝĞƐ
EŽƚĞƐƚŽƚŚĞĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĂŶĐŝĂůƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
&ŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ

ϯϬ         ŽŶƚŝŶŐĞŶƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐĂŶĚĐŽŶƚŝŶŐĞŶƚĂƐƐĞƚƐ

dŚĞƌĞĂƌĞŶŽĐŽŶƚŝŶŐĞŶƚůŝĂďŝůŝƚŝĞƐŽƌĂƐƐĞƚƐĂƐĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ;ϮϬϮϯ͗ŶŝůͿ͘

ϯϭ         /ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚǇƉƵƌĐŚĂƐĞĐŽŵŵŝƚŵĞŶƚƐ

dŚĞ'ƌŽƵƉŚĂƐĐŽŵŵŝƚƚĞĚƚŽƉƵƌĐŚĂƐŝŶŐΨϵ͘ϵϮϱŵŝůůŝŽŶŽĨŝŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚƉƌŽƉĞƌƚŝĞƐĂƐĂƚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ;ϮϬϮϯ͗ŶŝůͿ͘

ϯϮ         ^ƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚĞǀĞŶƚƐ

&ŽƌĞƐƚƌǇůĂŶĚƐĂůĞ
KŶϮϴ:ĂŶƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϱ͕ĂϭϬйĚĞƉŽƐŝƚŽĨΨϱϮ͕ϱϬϬǁĂƐƌĞĐĞŝǀĞĚŝŶƌĞůĂƚŝŽŶƚŽƚŚĞƐĂůĞŽĨĨŽƌĞƐƚƌǇůĂŶĚŝŶdĂŝŚĂƉĞ͘dŚĞďĂůĂŶĐĞƐĞƚƚůĞĚŽŶϭϮ&ĞďƌƵĂƌǇ
ϮϬϮϱ͘
hŵďƌĞůůĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚ
dŚĞƐĞƚƚůĞŵĞŶƚŽĨƚŚĞĂŐƌĞĞŵĞŶƚďĞƚǁĞĞŶƚŚĞƚĞŶĂŶƚĂŶĚĂƐƐŽĐŝĂƚĞĚƉĂƌƚŝĞƐ;ƌĞĨĞƌƚŽŶŽƚĞϳͿŽĐĐƵƌƌĞĚŽŶϳDĂƌĐŚϮϬϮϱ͘




                                                                                                                                                     Ϯϴ
                                                                                                                         NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                          42
        Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of New Zealand
        Rural Land Company Limited

        Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements

                  Qualified opinion
          In our opinion, except for the possible effects of the matter described in the Basis for qualified opinion
          section of our report, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of New Zealand Rural Land
          Company Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group), present fairly, in all material respects:
          — the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2024, and
          — its consolidated financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended
          in accordance with New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS)
          and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).


          What was audited?
          We have audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group, which comprise:
          — the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024,
          — the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended,
          — the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended,
          — the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and
          — notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


        Basis for qualified opinion
        As disclosed in Note 6.1 to the consolidated financial statements the group has recorded forestry assets
        within total Investment Properties measured at Fair Value at 31 December 2024 of $119.2 million (2023:
        $89.7million). The Group recorded a revaluation gain of $12.2 million on those assets in the Consolidated
        statement of comprehensive income in the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: $18.1 million). A key
        subjective assumption included in the valuation of these forestry assets is the estimated long term future
        prices of New Zealand Emission Units (NZU’s).

        We have been unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide assurance over the
        estimated future NZU prices which form a significant part of the valuation of the forestry assets. As the
        future prices of the NZU’s is a material component of the valuations, we are therefore unable to express an
        opinion as to whether the carrying value of the Investment property and related revaluation gains
        recognised by the Group in the year ended 31 December 2024 are materially correct and whether any
        adjustments to these amounts were necessary. Our audit opinion for the year ended 31 December 2023,
        dated 27 March 2024, was also qualified on this same matter.




Auckland | Level 4, 21 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand                        +64 9 366 5000      info@williambuck.co.nz
Tauranga | 145 Seventeenth Ave, Tauranga 3112, New Zealand                             +64 7 927 1234            williambuck.com


William Buck is an association of firms, each trading under the name of William Buck
across Australia and New Zealand with affiliated offices worldwide.
*William Buck (NZ) Limited and William Buck Audit (NZ) Limited



                                                                                                        NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                         43
The valuation of the Investment Properties is the key input into the carrying value of the Redeemable
Limited Partnership Units of $75.8 million as at 31 December 2024 as disclosed in Notes 5 and 18 to the
consolidated financial statements. As a result we were unable to determine whether any adjustments might
have been necessary in respect of the Redeemable Limited Partnership Units balance.
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ)).
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit
of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International
Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence Standards) (New
Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board, and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our qualified opinion.
Other than in our capacity as auditor we have no relationship with, or interests in, the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the Basis
for qualified opinion section we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to
be communicated in our report.

Limited             Area of focus                                     How our audit addressed the key
Partnership         (refer also to notes 5 & 17)                      audit matter

                    -   In January 2024 the Company entered           Our audit procedures included:
                        into an agreement to sell a 25% stake
                                                                     — Analysed key documentation
                        in its rural land portfolio to a group of
                                                                       related to the agreement to sell the
                        investors through the establishment of
                                                                       25% stake
                        a Limited Partnership
                    -   The Company has consolidated the             — Tested for compliance in the
                        results of the Limited Partnership for         accounting treatment of the Limited
                        the year ended 31 December 2024 as             Partnership Agreement with the
                        it concluded it had sufficient control         requirements of NZ IFRS 10
                        over the relevant activities of the            Consolidated financial statements
                        Partnership.                                 — Undertaking detailed testing of the
                    -   The Limited Partnership agreement              accounting transaction used to
                        includes the right of redemption of the        record the transaction as prepared
                        other partner of their Partnership units       by management and their advisors
                        which would need to be funded by the
                        sale of assets.                              — Assessed that appropriate
                    -   As a result of this redemption feature         disclosure has been included in the
                        the Group has classified the 25%               financial statements
                        interest in the Partnership as a
                        financial liability measured at fair value
                        through profit or loss.
                    -   Because of the significance of this
                        transaction to the Group and the
                        complex accounting considerations
                        involved this is why we considered this
                        to be a Key Audit Matter.


Other information
                                                                                              NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                               44
The Directors are responsible for the other information included in the Group’s annual report for the year
ended 31 December 2024, being (1) 2024 Review and (2) Statutory Information, but does not include the
consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. Our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of audit opinion
or assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated performance report, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.

Directors’ responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements
The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the
consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either
intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is located at
the External Reporting Board’s website:

https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1-1/

This description forms part of our auditor’s report. The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this
independent auditor’s report is Darren Wright.

Restriction on distribution and use
This independent auditor’s report is made solely to the shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state to the shareholders those matters which we are required to state to them
in the independent auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do
not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the shareholders, as a body, for our audit work,
this independent auditor’s report, or for the opinions we have formed.




William Buck Audit (NZ) Limited
Auckland

27 March 2025



                                                                                               NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                                                45
SECTION   4            Company
                       Directory

      REGISTERED OFFICE                   SHARE REGISTRAR
      c/o Duncan Cotterill                MUFG Corporate Markets
      Level 2, Chartered Accountants      Level 30, PwC Tower
      50 Customhouse Quay                 15 Customs Street West
      Wellington 6011                     Auckland 1010
      New Zealand                         New Zealand
      https://nzrlc.co.nz/                https://www.mpms.mufg.com




      MANAGER                             AUDITOR
      New Zealand Rural Land Management   William Buck Audit (NZ) Limited
      Level 1                             Level 4
      85 Fort Street                      21 Queen Street
      Auckland Central                    Auckland 1010
      Auckland 1010                       New Zealand
      New Zealand                         https://williambuck.com/nz/


     INVESTOR CONTACT


     Richard Milsom
     richard@nzrlm.co.nz
     +64 21 274 2476
     Level 1
     85 Fort Street
     Auckland Central
     Auckland 1010
     New Zealand




                                                                            NEW ZEALAND RURAL LAND COMPANY
                                                                                                             46
