EX-99.1 2 v462832_ex99-1.htm EXHIBIT 99.1

                                                                         Exhibit 99.1


Pembina Pipeline Corporation

·   Notice of 2017 annual meeting of shareholders
·   Management information circular

March 16, 2017

WHAT'S INSIDE

Letter to shareholders                              inside front cover
Notice of meeting                                                    1
Management information circular                                      2
1. About voting                                                      3
2. Business of the meeting                                           6
3. About the nominated directors                                     9
4. Governance                                                       20
5. Compensation discussion & analysis                               40
6. Other information                                                84
Letter to shareholders

Dear shareholder,

Pembina's board of directors is pleased to present our 2017 management information circular. This document tells you
about your voting rights as a shareholder and the items we will be discussing at our annual meeting of shareholders on
May 5, 2017. It also includes important information about how Pembina is governed and how executives and directors are
paid.

For Pembina, 2016 was a year of progress and accomplishment against a backdrop of uncertainty in the domestic and
international oil and gas industry. Your board is proud of Pembina's operational and financial performance, business
development activities, capital project execution and our company's continued exceptional safety record and commitment
to the communities where we operate.

The work we have done over the past few years to position your company to withstand volatile markets has paid off in
many respects. Through the challenges that plagued the energy industry over the past 18 months, Pembina not only
survived, but thrived. Your board and Pembina's leadership team have been actively engaged in navigating our course
through these uncharted times based on a consistent strategy which is rooted in long-term thinking and decreasing risk.
The sustainability and stability of our business is of utmost importance so we can continue to meet investor expectations
on dividend payout and growth.

As always, your board remains committed to maintaining high standards in corporate governance to serve our
shareholders. We continue to implement recommendations from our third-party Board Effectiveness Evaluation, which was
conducted in 2015. This includes formalizing the board's review of scenario analysis and making great strides in
contingency planning. We have also retained third-party governance firms to guide us in evolving our practices so we can
continue to meet or exceed expectations in the years ahead.

I remain pleased with the overall effectiveness of the board and the contributions of each member in stewarding your
investment in Pembina. Collectively, I believe our focus on accountability, values, strong governance and prudent
management of risk in the delivery of our strategy was demonstrated this past year as Pembina weathered unpredictable
markets and came out strong on the other side. We will continue to work closely with the leadership team during what's
sure to be a transformational 2017 and beyond, as we strive to create enduring and growing shareholder value.

On behalf of the board, management and all shareholders I would like to extend a heartfelt thank you to fellow director
Grant Billing for his wisdom and insight, and for his contributions to the board and Pembina's success. Grant will not be
standing for re-election this year. We are also excited to recommend Bruce Rubin for election to the board. Mr. Rubin will
bring with him over 35 years of directly relevant experience in the energy, refining and petrochemical sectors, and we look
forward to working with him.

I'd also like to express my appreciation to my fellow directors for their ongoing guidance, and to thank Pembina's
leadership for their constant pursuit of excellence and for continuing to build on our reputation as the midstream service
provider of choice in western Canada. To Pembina's employees who put their whole hearts into their work on a daily basis,
thank you for all that you do to contribute to our company's success.

And finally, on behalf of the board, I would like to thank you, our shareholders. We are very grateful that you have trusted
us with your investment and we remain committed to working on your behalf. The board and management team invite you
to join us on May 5 to have your say.

Sincerely,

Randall (Randy) Findlay
Chair of the Board
Notice of our 2017 annual meeting

You are invited to our 2017 annual meeting (the meeting) of shareholders:

When               May 5, 2017

                   2:00 p.m. (Mountain time)

Where              Ballroom at The Metropolitan Centre
                   333-4th Avenue SW
                   Calgary, Alberta

We will cover six items of business – see "Business of the Meeting" in our 2017 management information circular:
1. Receive our 2016 consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report
2. Vote on electing the directors
3. Vote on appointing the auditors
4. Vote on approving an increase in the shares reserved for issuance under our stock option plan
5. Vote on our approach to executive compensation
6. Vote on any other business that comes before the meeting

Your vote is important
Our 2017 management information circular includes important information about the meeting and the voting process.
Please read it carefully before you vote.

We mailed you a copy of our 2016 consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report if you requested a copy and in
accordance with corporate and securities laws. You can also access a copy of our financial statements on our website
(www.pembina.com), on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and on EDGAR (www.sec.gov).

We will have a live webcast of the annual meeting on our website if you cannot attend the meeting in person.

By order of the board,

"Nick Kangles"

Nick Kangles
Corporate Secretary
Pembina Pipeline Corporation

Calgary, Alberta
March 16, 2017

Where to get a copy of the 2017 management information circular
If you are a registered shareholder or you have given us instructions to send you printed documents, your management
information circular is attached to this notice.

We use the notice and access model to deliver meeting materials (this notice and the management information circular)
to beneficial holders of our common shares. Notice and access is a set of rules developed by the Canadian Securities
Administrators that allows companies to post meeting materials online, reducing paper and mailing costs.

If you are a beneficial shareholder, you can view the management information circular at:
www.sedar.com, or
www.pembina.com/Investor-Centre/shareholder-information/

If you would like us to mail you a paper copy of the management information circular instead, please contact us:

·   online:           www.pembina.com/Investor-Centre/Shareholder-information
·   by phone:         1-855-880-7404
·   by email:         investor-relations@pembina.com

We will send it free of charge, but we need your request at least 5 days before the proxy deposit date listed on the
attached voting instruction form, and within one year of filing the information circular on SEDAR.
How to vote
If you are a beneficial shareholder, complete and return your voting instruction form at least one business day before the
proxy deposit date of May 3, 2017 at 2:00 p.m., or as listed on the attached voting instruction form. You cannot vote by
returning this notice.

Send your voting instruction to us:
· online:          www.proxyvote.com
· by phone:        1-800-474-7493 (English)
                   1-800-474-7501 (French)
· by fax:          905-507-7793
· by mail:         Data Processing Centre
                   PO Box 2800 STN LCD Malton
                   Mississauga ON L5T 2T7

If you have questions about notice and access, call us toll-free at 1-855-880-7404.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           1
Management information circular

In this document
·   annual meeting or meeting means the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 5, 2017
·   you and your mean holders of common shares of Pembina Pipeline Corporation
·   we, us, our and Pembina mean Pembina Pipeline Corporation and our consolidated subsidiaries
·   shares, common shares and Pembina shares mean Pembina's common shares
·   circular means this management information circular
·   board means Pembina's board of directors

Our principal corporate and
registered office
Pembina Pipeline Corporation
4000, 585 – 8th Avenue S.W.
Calgary, Alberta
T2P 1G1
T. 403.231.7500
F. 403.237.0254

You have received this document because you owned Pembina common shares on March 16, 2017 (the record date) and
are entitled to vote at our 2017 annual meeting of shareholders on May 5, 2017, or at a reconvened meeting if the meeting
is postponed or adjourned.

All information in this circular is as of March 16, 2017 and all dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars, unless we note
otherwise.

Contact us at the address or telephone number above for a copy of our financial statements and management's discussion
and analysis (MD&A) for the year ended December 31, 2016. You will find financial information about Pembina in our
comparative annual financial statements and MD&A for our most recently completed financial year. You can also find these
documents and other important information about Pembina on our website (www.pembina.com), on SEDAR
(www.sedar.com) and on EDGAR (www.sec.gov).

This circular contains forward-looking statements and information that are based on our current expectations, estimates,
projections and assumptions in light of experience and our perception of historic trends. These statements involve known
and unknown risks, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. In particular, this circular contains forward-looking statements about planned changes to compensation,
succession plans, corporate strategy and projects. Please see Forward-Looking Statements & Information in the MD&A for
more information about assumptions and risks involved in making the forward-looking statements. These statements are
only as of the date of this circular. Pembina does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-
looking statements, except as required by law.

In this circular, we also use certain financial measures that are not defined by generally accepted accounting practices
(GAAP). Please see "About non-GAAP measures" on page 84 for more information about these measures and why they
are used.

2016 awards and achievements
· United Way President’s Award
· 2016 Alberta’s Top 70 Employers by Canada’s Top 100
· 2016 Aon Best Employer, Gold Category
· Shortlisted for Canada’s 10 most admired corporate cultures
· Shortlisted for Alberta Business Award of Distinction
· Shortlisted for Calgary United Way’s Award of Excellence (over 500 employees); People Power (Shawn Davis)
· Company-wide contribution to the United Way $3,331,807


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                         2
1. About voting

Quorum
According to our by-laws, we must have at least two persons present, holding or representing at least 25 percent of our
outstanding common shares, for the meeting to proceed. Otherwise, the meeting will be adjourned to a set time and
place and no business will be transacted.

About voting results
We will post the voting results on our website (www.pembina.com) and file them on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and
EDGAR (www.sec.gov) as soon as possible following the meeting.

Who can vote
You can vote at our annual meeting if you held Pembina common shares at the close of business on March 16, 2017, even
if you sold your shares after this date.

You are not allowed to vote if you acquired your shares after the record date, unless you ask us to include your name in the
list of voting shareholders at least two days before the meeting (or later if the chair of the meeting allows it), and provide
adequate evidence that you own the common shares.

Shareholders are entitled to one vote per common share they hold on a poll vote or ballot at the meeting. If a poll vote is
not completed, all votes will be decided by a show of hands, with every eligible person present entitled to one vote.

We are authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares. As at March 16, 2017, we had 399,927,191 common
shares issued and outstanding. Our outstanding common shares are listed and trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:
PPL) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PBA).

To the best of our knowledge, no person beneficially owns, controls or directs, directly or indirectly, more than 10 percent of
our common shares.

Proxy solicitation
Management is soliciting your proxy for the meeting. Management may use the service of external proxy solicitors and you
may be contacted by Pembina employees or an external proxy solicitor, by mail, by telephone or by personal interview.
This year, Kingsdale Advisors is providing governance, strategic shareholder advisory and potential proxy solicitation
services. We have paid them an aggregate of approximately $30,000 for this work. Pembina will pay all costs related to
producing and mailing this circular and other meeting materials, and for soliciting your proxy.

How to vote
You can vote your common shares by proxy (by appointing someone – a proxyholder – to represent you), or by attending
the meeting and voting in person. The rules for voting depend on whether you are a registered shareholder or a beneficial
shareholder.

Registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder if you have share certificates in your name. Registered holders can vote their shares in
person at the meeting, or by proxy.

Registered shareholders can vote by proxy in one of three ways:
· using a touchtone phone (call 1.866.732.VOTE (8683) toll-free and follow the instructions). You will need to enter your
  15-digit control number (located on the bottom left corner of the first page of the form of proxy) to identify yourself as a
  shareholder on the telephone voting system;
· over the internet by going to www.investorvote.com. You will need to enter your 15-digit control number (located on the
  bottom left corner of the first page of the form of proxy) to identify yourself as a shareholder on the voting website; or
· by mail by completing the enclosed proxy form, signing and dating it and returning it in the enclosed envelope.

Computershare Trust Company of Canada (Computershare) is our transfer agent. Computershare must receive your
completed proxy form at least 48 hours before the meeting (not including Saturdays, Sundays or holidays).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                               3
The chair of the meeting can waive or extend the time limit for receiving proxy forms without notice, at his or her
discretion.

Beneficial shareholders
You are a beneficial shareholder if your shares are registered in the name of a nominee, like your bank, trust company,
securities broker, trustee or other institution. The majority of our common shares are held by beneficial shareholders.

If you are a beneficial shareholder, you must send your voting instructions to your nominee who will vote for you. You will
receive a request for voting instructions for the number of shares held for your benefit. Follow the instructions on the voting
instruction form and send your voting instructions to your nominee. If you are a beneficial shareholder, you will likely
have an earlier deadline for the return of your voting instructions, so be sure to send them right away to allow
enough time for your nominee to receive the information and then send it to Pembina before the proxy cut-off.

Most nominees delegate responsibility for obtaining voting instructions from their clients to Broadridge Financial Solutions
Inc. (Broadridge). Broadridge usually mails a scannable voting instruction form that is to be completed and returned to
them by mail or fax. You can also call a toll-free phone number or access Broadridge's dedicated voting website to submit
your voting instructions. Broadridge tabulates the results of all the instructions it receives and presents this information at
the meeting.

If you received voting materials from a company other than Broadridge, you need to complete and return the form following
the instructions they have provided.

We use Broadridge to send proxy-related materials to non-objecting beneficial owners of our common shares. We intend to
pay for intermediaries to deliver proxy-related materials to objecting beneficial owners of our common shares.

If you want to attend the meeting and vote your shares in person, print your own name as the proxyholder on the proxy or
voting instruction form and return it in the envelope provided or as otherwise instructed on any voting instruction form. Do
not complete the rest of the form or mark your voting instructions on the form, because your vote will be taken at the
meeting.

Kingsdale Advisors may contact beneficial Pembina shareholders to assist them with conveniently voting their shares
directly over the phone, using the Broadridge QuickVote™ service if available.

Where to go with questions:
If you have any questions about the meeting or need help voting your shares, please contact our investor relations group:
· by phone: 1-855-880-7404
· by email: investor-relations@pembina.com

About your proxyholder
The executive officers named on the proxy form have agreed to serve as your proxyholder and will vote your shares
according to your instructions. If you do not specify your voting instructions, they will vote your shares for each item of
business at the meeting.

You have the right to appoint someone else to be your proxyholder and act on your behalf at the meeting. The
person you appoint does not have to be a Pembina shareholder. Simply print his or her name in the blank space
provided on the enclosed proxy form, or use the internet (www.investorvote.com).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                               4
Your proxyholder must vote your shares according to your instructions. If you appoint someone else to be your proxyholder
and do not give them specific voting instructions, they can vote as they see fit using their best judgment.

If there are changes to the items of business or other matters that are properly brought before the meeting, your
proxyholder can use their discretion and vote as they see fit. As of the date of this document, we do not anticipate any
changes or other matters to be brought before the meeting.

Changing your vote
If you are a registered shareholder, you can revoke a proxy form you previously submitted by sending us a revocation
notice in writing from you, or an attorney you have given written authorization to. If the shareholder is a corporation, the
change must be made under the corporation’s corporate seal or by an authorized officer or attorney. The written notice
must be delivered to our head office before 4:30 p.m. (Calgary time) on the last business day before the meeting, or to
the chair of the meeting before the start of the meeting. You can also revoke your proxy in any other way the law allows.

If you are a beneficial shareholder, you may revoke voting instructions you previously submitted. If you wish to revoke your
voting instructions, contact your nominee to revoke your voting instructions.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                            5
2. Business of the meeting

Our 2017 annual meeting of shareholders will cover six items of business:

1. Receive our financial statements and auditors' report
You have received our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the auditors' report,
which are included in our 2016 annual report, if you requested a copy. Copies will be available at the meeting, and on our
website (www.pembina.com), SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and EDGAR (www.sec.gov), or you can request a copy from our
Investor Relations department.

2. Elect the directors
Our articles state that the board must have between five and 13 directors. This year, 10 directors are nominated for election
to the board.

You will vote on electing 10 directors to the board:
  1. Randall J. Findlay (chair)                                6.     David M.B. LeGresley
  2. Anne-Marie N. Ainsworth                                   7.     Robert B. Michaleski
  3. Michael H. Dilger                                         8.     Leslie A. O'Donoghue
  4. Lorne B. Gordon                                           9.     Bruce D. Rubin
  5. Gordon J. Kerr                                            10.    Jeffrey T. Smith

All of the nominated directors, except for Mr. Rubin, currently serve on our board. The director profiles starting on page 9
give you detailed information about their skills and experience, their 2016 attendance record, share ownership and other
public company directorships.

Directors will serve until the next annual meeting, or until their successors are elected or appointed.

The proxy form allows you to vote for all of the nominated directors, vote for some of them and withhold your vote
for others, or withhold your vote for all of them. Unless instructed otherwise, the Pembina officers named in the
proxy form will vote for all of our nominated directors.

3. Appoint our auditors
You will vote on appointing our external auditors. The audit committee and the board propose that KPMG LLP, Chartered
Professional Accountants (KPMG) be appointed as auditors and serve until the next annual meeting. The audit committee
will recommend KPMG's compensation to the board for its review and approval.

KPMG have been Pembina's auditors since September 1997. The table below shows the fees billed by KPMG for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016.

                                                                                                          2015        2016
                                                                                                            ($)         ($)
Audit fees
Fees for auditing our annual financial statements, reviewing our quarterly financial
statements, and services related to statutory and regulatory filings. 2016 fees include an
additional cost for four prospectus supplements in relation to the offerings of preferred
shares, common shares and medium term notes, and associated French translations. 2015
fees included an additional cost for our base shelf prospectus and six prospectus
supplements.                                                                                       1,890,550      2,067,100
Audit-related fees
Fees for assurance and related services that are not related to the audit or review of our
financial statements. Both years also included fees for the pension plan audit.                       30,000        30,000


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             6
                                                                                                      2015            2016
                                                                                                        ($)             ($)
Tax fees
Fees for tax compliance of $190,050 (2015: $94,694) and tax advice and tax planning of
$449,868 (2015: $706,075) provided by the auditors' tax division, other than tax services
related to the audit. Both years also included tax consultation and compliance fees incurred
for preparing and filing tax returns for our subsidiaries. KPMG also billed $92,415 in 2017
for tax fees related to these matters.                                                             800,769         639,918
All other fees
Fees for other products and services provided by the auditors not described above.                       -               -
Total fees                                                                                       2,721,319       2,737,018

The board recommends you vote for appointing KPMG as our auditors until the close of our next annual meeting of
shareholders. Unless instructed otherwise, the Pembina officers named in the proxy form will vote for the
appointment of KMPG LLP as our auditors.

4. Approve an increase to the number of shares reserved for issuance under our stock option plan
We are recommending an increase in the number of common shares reserved for issuance under our stock option plan.
We last increased the share reserve in 2015. We need to increase the shares available by 15,000,000 shares to make sure
there are enough available to grant awards to all eligible participants. A summary of the material terms of our stock option
plan can be found on page 80, and the full text can be found under our profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.

This change may increase dilution. The table below shows the common shares available under the stock option plan as of
March 16, 2017, before and after the proposed increase. As of March 16, 2017, there were also 136,895 common shares
issuable on the exercise of outstanding options granted under the fund option plan, which was closed in 2010 (see page
83). If the increase is not approved, the stock option plan will continue unamended and we will likely have enough shares
available for grant awards, at current grant rates, for approximately one year. Currently issued and outstanding options will
not be affected.

                                                                                         Common shares
                                                       Common shares          available for future awards
                                             issuable on the exercise of       (excludes shares previously
                                              outstanding stock options         issued pursuant to options)         Total
Currently approved                                           15,466,436                          5,620,929     21,087,365
Proposed increase                                                    n/a                       15,000,000      15,000,000
Total                                                        15,466,436                        20,620,929      36,087,365
Percentage of outstanding common
shares (non-diluted)                                                   3.9%                            5.2%            9.0%

The TSX has conditionally approved the increase as long as certain conditions are met including, among other
things, that a majority of not less than 50 percent plus one of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or
voting by proxy at the meeting approve this resolution.

You will be asked to consider, and if deemed advisable, approve the following resolution:

RESOLVED as an ordinary resolution that:

1. An additional 15,000,000 common shares in the capital of Pembina Pipeline Corporation ("Pembina") be and are
hereby reserved for issuance pursuant to the stock option plan of Pembina (for a total maximum amount of common
shares reserved for issuance pursuant to such stock option plan of 38,000,000 common shares), substantially as set out in
the Management Information Circular of Pembina dated March 16, 2017 and the issuance of the additional 15,000,000
common shares pursuant to the stock option plan along with the amendment of such plan as required to reflect such
increase be and are hereby authorized and approved.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                              7
2. All existing stock options shall be subject to the provisions of the amended stock option plan.

3. The board of directors of Pembina may revoke this resolution before it is acted upon, without further approval of the
shareholders of Pembina.

4. Any one or more directors or officers of Pembina are hereby authorized to execute and deliver, whether under
corporate seal or otherwise, any other agreements, instruments, notices, consents, acknowledgements, certificates and
other documents (including any documents required under applicable laws or regulatory policies), and to perform and do all
such other acts and things, as any such director or officer in his or her discretion may consider to be necessary or
advisable from time to time in order to give effect to this resolution.

We recommend you vote for the ordinary resolution to approve and adopt the increase to the number of common shares
reserved for issuance under our incentive stock option plan. Unless instructed otherwise, the persons named in the
proxy will vote for the approval and adoption of the increase to the number of shares reserved for issuance under
the stock option plan.

5. Vote on our approach to executive compensation
You will vote on our approach to executive compensation.

A key principle underlying executive compensation at Pembina is 'pay for performance'. We believe that linking
compensation to strategy and corporate performance helps us attract and retain excellent people and motivates them to
focus on our success. You will find a detailed discussion of our executive compensation program beginning on page 52 of
this circular.

The board gives shareholders the opportunity every year to vote for or against our approach to executive compensation
(to have a say on pay). This is an advisory vote, so the results will not be binding on the board. The board will, however,
consider the outcome of the vote as part of its ongoing review of executive compensation.

In 2016, our executive compensation approach was supported by 94.68% of our shareholders votes on our say on pay
resolution.

You will be asked to consider, and if deemed advisable, approve the following non-binding resolution:

RESOLVED, on an advisory basis and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the board of directors of Pembina
Pipeline Corporation (Pembina), that the shareholders of Pembina (shareholders) accept the approach to executive
compensation disclosed in Pembina's Management information circular delivered in advance of the 2017 annual meeting of
shareholders.

This resolution conforms to the language of the resolution recommended by the Canadian Coalition for Good Governance.
The board recommends you vote for this resolution. Unless instructed otherwise, the Pembina officers named in the
proxy form will vote for our approach to executive compensation as described in this circular.

6. Other business
You (or your proxyholder) will vote on any other items of business that may be properly brought before the meeting. As of
the date of this circular, we are not aware of any other matters to be brought before the meeting.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           8
3. About the nominated directors

The following profiles tell you about the nominated directors' background and experience, independence, meeting
attendance, share ownership and other public company boards they serve on. All information is as of December 31, 2016
unless indicated otherwise. Each of the nominated directors is willing and able to serve on the board until the next annual
meeting of shareholders.

An overview of the nominated directors
To ensure strong stewardship, the board needs to operate independently, have a good mix of relevant skills and
experience, including industry knowledge and experience, a mix of age ranges and tenure, sufficiently diverse opinions to
support balanced discussion and debate, and a manageable board size to facilitate productive discussion and decision-
making. We believe the nominated group meets all of these requirements. For more information about our directors, see
About the board of directors on page 25.

Independence (see page 25)
At the date of the meeting, nine of the 10 nominated directors (90 percent) will be independent. Mr. Dilger is not
independent because he is Pembina's President and CEO. The board has reviewed the independence and qualifications of
the non-management directors and has recommended their nomination.

Our policy on majority voting
The board has a majority voting policy for directors that requires individual voting for each director. Each director must
receive a majority of the votes cast for their election, or they must resign immediately following the meeting. If a nominated
director does not receive a majority of votes, the governance and nominating committee will promptly consider the
resignation and recommend to the board the action to be taken. The director does not participate in these discussions.

The board will consider the committee's recommendation and, within 90 days of the meeting, will accept the resignation
unless there are exceptional circumstances. It will announce this decision in a news release.

If the board accepts the resignation, it can appoint a new director, call a special meeting of shareholders to vote for other
candidates or leave the position vacant until the next annual meeting (if corporate law allows).

Our majority voting policy does not apply if a director election is contested.
                                                                                  FOR WITHHELD
A. Ainsworth                                                                     99.57%    0.43%
G. Billing                                                                       96.83%    3.17%
M. Dilger                                                                        99.38%    0.62%
R. Findlay (chair)                                                               98.18%    1.82%
L. Gordon                                                                        95.48%    4.52%
G. Kerr                                                                          81.06%   18.94%
D. LeGresley                                                                     98.98%    1.02%
R. Michaleski                                                                    99.24%    0.76%
L. O'Donoghue                                                                    96.87%    3.13%
J. Smith                                                                         99.62%    0.38%

2016 director voting results
The table to the right shows the voting results for the nominated directors who stood for election at our 2016 annual
meeting of shareholders.

Director share ownership
The director profiles that follow also show each director’s holdings of Pembina common shares and deferred share units
(DSUs) as of December 31, 2016. The values are based on $41.96, the closing price of our common shares on the TSX on
December 30, 2016, unless otherwise noted. As at December 31, 2016, non-management directors as a group beneficially
owned, directed or controlled 1,096,519 common shares and 65,777 DSUs totaling $48,771,715.76 (using the U.S. to
Canadian exchange rate on December 30, 2016 for
Ms. Ainsworth's holdings).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                              9
                                    Randall J. Findlay (67) | Independent
 Chair                              Mr. Findlay is a corporate director. He was the President of Provident Energy Trust
 Director since March 2007          from 2001 until his retirement in 2006. He was a director of Provident from 2001 to
                                    2012. Prior to that he served in various executive positions for 30 years in the oil and
 Calgary, AB                        gas industry, including senior positions at NOVA Corporation and TransCanada
 Canada                             Pipelines.
 Experience                         Mr. Findlay sits on the board of several public and private companies. He is also past
 Engineering/operational            chair of the Alberta Children's Hospital Foundation.
 Industry knowledge
 Major capital projects             Mr. Findlay is a professional engineer and has a Bachelor of Applied Science in
 Safety, health and environment     chemical engineering from the University of British Columbia and is a graduate of the
 Human resources/compensation       Institute of Corporate Directors Education Program and holds the ICD.D designation.
 Investment banking
 Financial
 Risk
 Corporate governance
 CEO

Board and committee membership and attendance1
Board of directors (chair)                                                      8 of 8 meetings                         100%
Governance and nominating committee                                             3 of 3 meetings                         100%
Major capital projects committee2                                               3 of 3 meetings                         100%

1 Mr. Findlay attended all audit and human resources and compensation committee meetings in 2016 in his capacity as
  chair of the board.

2 The major capital projects committee was discontinued effective February 2017. See page 39.


Other public company boards and committee memberships 3, 4
HNZ Group Inc. | TSX                      Compensation, corporate governance and nominating, audit
Superior Plus Corp. | TSX                 Governance and nominating, audit

3 Mr. Findlay was a director of Wellpoint Systems Inc. (a TSX Venture Exchange listed company) from June 2008 until
  January 31, 2011. Wellpoint Systems Inc., which supplied software to the energy industry in Canada, the U.S. and
  internationally, was placed into receivership by two of its lenders on January 31, 2011.

4 Mr. Findlay was a director of Spyglass Resources Corp. (a TSX listed company) from March 2013 until May 13, 2015.
  Spyglass Resources Corp. was placed into receivership by a syndicate of its lenders on November 26, 2015. Spyglass
  Resources Corp. was an intermediate oil and gas exploration and production company.

Securities held
Common                  Deferred                                       Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                  share units5           Total value             (including 50% common shares)
136,299                                7,583   $       6,037,288.72    yes

Convertible debentures6
Series F                                                                    $         200,000

Class A preferred shares
Series 1                                                                                5,000
5 Deferred share units for directors include units issued under our deferred share unit plan (see Director compensation on
  page 48 for more information).

6 Series F debentures may be converted at $29.53 per share for each $1,000 of principal converted before December 31,
  2018.
Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular   10
                                    Anne-Marie N. Ainsworth (60) | Independent

 Director since October 2014        Ms. Ainsworth was President and CEO of the general partner of Oiltanking Partners,
                                    L.P. and Oiltanking Holding Americas, Inc. from November 2012 to March 2014.
 Houston, Texas
 USA                                Ms. Ainsworth currently serves as a member of the board of directors of Archrock,
                                    Inc. and Kirby Corporation.
 Experience
 Engineering/operational            Ms. Ainsworth has extensive experience in the oil industry and has held several
 Industry knowledge                 senior management positions. From November 2009 to March 2012, she was Senior
 Major capital projects             Vice President of refining at Sunoco Inc. and previously worked for Motiva
 Safety, health and environment     Enterprises, LLC, where she was the general manager of the Motiva Norco Refinery
 Human resources/compensation       in Norco, Louisiana from 2006 to 2009. Prior to joining Motiva, Ms. Ainsworth was
 Investment banking                 director of management systems and process safety at Shell Oil Products U.S. from
 Financial                          2003 to 2006 and Vice President of technical assurance at Shell Deer Park Refining
 Risk                               Company from 2000 to 2003.
 Corporate governance
 CEO                                Ms. Ainsworth graduated from the University of Toledo with a Bachelor of Science in
                                    chemical engineering. She holds a Master of Business Administration from Rice
                                    University, where she served as an adjunct professor from 2000 to 2009.

Board and committee membership and attendance
Board of directors                                                          8 of 8 meetings                          100%
Audit committee                                                             4 of 4 meetings                          100%
Health, safety and environment committee                                    4 of 4 meetings                          100%

Other public company boards and committee memberships
Archrock, Inc. | NYSE                               Audit
Kirby Corporation | NYSE                            Audit

Securities held
Common                 Deferred                                       Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                 share units1           Total value2            (including 50% common shares)
19,018 (NYSE)                         4,036   $        969,121.44     yes

1 Deferred share units for directors include units issued under our deferred share unit plan (see Director compensation on
  page 48 for more information).

2 Based on US$31.32, the closing price of our common shares on the NYSE on December 30, 2016 and an exchange
  rate of 1.3427 as at December 30, 2016.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                            11
                                     Michael (Mick) H. Dilger (54) | Non-independent
 Director since January 2014         Mr. Dilger was appointed CEO of Pembina in January, 2014. Before that, he was
                                     Pembina’s President and Chief Operating Officer (February 2012 to December 2013),
 Calgary, AB                         Chief Operating Officer (November 2008 to February 2012) and Vice President,
 Canada                              Business Development (2005 to 2008).
 Experience                          Before joining Pembina, Mr. Dilger worked as a senior executive in various finance
 Engineering/operational             and business development positions in oil and gas and infrastructure companies,
 Industry knowledge                  ranging from companies in the initial capitalization phase to subsidiaries of multi-
 Major capital projects              national corporations, including NOVA Corporation and TransCanada PipeLines. His
 Safety, health and environment      expertise includes corporate and strategic development, acquisitions and divestitures,
 Human resources/compensation        and finance and business development.
 Investment banking
 Financial                           Mr. Dilger has been a Chartered Accountant since 1989 and holds a Bachelor of
 Risk                                Commerce degree from the University of Calgary and has a Chartered Accountant
 Corporate governance                designation. He sits on the board of one publicly listed company, and the Canadian
 CEO                                 Energy Pipeline Association. He is a member of the Institute of Corporate Directors.

Board and committee membership and attendance1
Board of directors                                                             8 of 8 meetings                          100%

1 Mr. Dilger attended all board meetings in 2016 as a director and CEO and all committee meetings in 2016 in his capacity
  as CEO.

Other public company boards and committee memberships
Trilogy Energy Corp. 2 | TSX                 Environmental, health and safety (chair), audit

2 Mr. Dilger is unable to stand for re-election at the next shareholder meeting of Trilogy on May 9, 2017.

Securities held
Common                  Restricted                                      Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                  share units3            Total value             (including 50% common shares)
240,000                                7,095    $        10,368,106     yes

Options                                                                        617,591

3 Mr. Dilger is not entitled to deferred share units issued under our deferred share unit plan. Restricted share units include
  units issued under our share unit plan (see Director compensation on page 48 for more information). Mr. Dilger is also
  entitled to performance share units as Pembina's President and CEO (see Executive compensation on page 52 for more
  information).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                              12
                                    Lorne B. Gordon (71) | Independent
 Director since October 1997        Mr. Gordon is an independent businessman who served as the Vice-Chairman of
                                    Coril Holdings Ltd. (a private investment and holding company) from 2004 to 2006
 Calgary, AB                        and as President and CEO from 1997 to 2004. Mr. Gordon was the President and
 Canada                             CEO of Pembina Resources Limited from 1985 to 1993.
 Experience                         Until 2007, Mr. Gordon was a director of the privately held companies Mancal
 Industry knowledge                 Corporation, Mancal Energy and Mancal Coal.
 Major capital projects
 Safety, health and environment     He is a past Chairman of the Canadian Petroleum Association, a founding member of
 Human resources/compensation       the Board of Governors of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers, and a
 Financial                          member of the Institute of Corporate Directors.
 Risk
 Corporate governance               Mr. Gordon held his Chartered Accountant Designation from 1971 until 2000.
 CEO

Board and committee membership and attendance
Board of directors                                                          8 of 8 meetings                          100%
Major capital projects committee (chair)1                                   3 of 3 meetings                          100%
Health, safety and environment committee                                    4 of 4 meetings                          100%
Human resources and compensation committee                                  4 of 4 meetings                          100%

1 The major capital projects committee was discontinued effective February 2017. See page 39.

Other public company boards and committee memberships
–

Securities held
Common                 Deferred                                       Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                 share units2            Total value            (including 50% common shares)
371,553                               10,848   $      16,045,545.96   yes

2 Deferred share units for directors include units issued under our deferred share unit plan (see Director compensation on
  page 48 for more information).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                          13
                                    Gordon J. Kerr (63) | Independent

 Director since January 2015        Mr. Kerr is a former President and Chief Executive Officer and director of Enerplus
                                    Corporation (a TSX and NYSE-listed company), a position he held from May 2001
 Calgary, AB                        until July 2013. He is also a past Chairman of the Canadian Association of Petroleum
 Canada                             Producers, a former director of Deer Creek Energy Limited and Laricina Energy Ltd.,
                                    and a past member of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives.
 Experience
 Engineering/operational            He has gained extensive management experience in leadership positions at various
 Industry knowledge                 oil and gas companies since launching his career in 1979. He started his employment
 Major capital projects             with Enerplus Corporation and its predecessor firms in 1996, and held positions of
 Safety, health and environment     increasing responsibility, including the positions of Chief Financial Officer and
 Human resources/compensation       Executive Vice President.
 Investment banking
 Financial                          Mr. Kerr is a member of the Management Advisory Council of the Haskayne School of
 Risk                               Business at the University of Calgary, and a member of the Institute of Corporate
 Corporate governance               Directors.
 CEO
                                    Mr. Kerr graduated from the University of Calgary in 1976 with a Bachelor of
                                    Commerce degree. He received his Chartered Accountant designation and became a
                                    member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Alberta in 1979, and was
                                    appointed a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Alberta in 2011.

Board and committee membership and attendance
Board of directors                                                           8 of 8 meetings                             100%
Audit committee                                                              4 of 4 meetings                             100%
Human resources and compensation committee                                   4 of 4 meetings                             100%

Other public company boards and committee memberships1
–

1 Mr. Kerr was a director of Laricina Energy Ltd., a private company, until February 5, 2016. Laricina Energy Ltd. was
  subject to proceedings under the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act in 2015. On February 1, 2016, the proceedings
  were conditionally discharged.

Securities held
Common                 Deferred                                       Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                 share units2            Total value            (including 50% common shares)
8,400                                 10,089   $        775,798.44    yes

Class A preferred shares
Series 7                                                                        6,000

2 Deferred share units for directors include units issued under our deferred share unit plan (see Director compensation on
  page 48 for more information).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             14
                                    David M.B. LeGresley (58) | Independent

 Director since August 2010         Mr. LeGresley is a corporate director. He has extensive experience in the financial
                                    services industry, including as a senior executive at National Bank Financial for 12
 Toronto, ON                        years, in several roles including Head of Corporate and Investment Banking, and
 Canada                             most recently Vice Chair (2006 to 2008). Prior to that, he held investment banking
                                    positions at Salomon Brothers Canada and CIBC Wood Gundy.
 Experience
 Engineering/operational            Mr. LeGresley currently chairs the board of directors of Equitable Group Inc.
 Human resources/compensation       (Equitable Bank, a TSX-listed company) and is a director of Woodland Biofuels Inc.
 Investment banking
 Financial                          He received a Bachelor of Applied Science in Engineering from the University of
 Risk                               Toronto and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School. Mr.
 Corporate Governance               LeGresley is a graduate of the Institute of Corporate Directors Education Program
                                    and holds the designation ICD.D.

Board and committee membership and attendance
Board of directors                                                           8 of 8 meetings                           100%
Audit committee (chair)                                                      4 of 4 meetings                           100%
Governance and nominating committee                                          3 of 3 meetings                           100%

Other public company boards and committee memberships
Equitable Group Inc. | TSX                     Board chair

Securities held
Common                 Deferred                                       Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                 share units1            Total value            (including 50% common shares)
56,259                                10,886   $       2,817,404.20   yes

1 Deferred share units for directors include units issued under our deferred share unit plan (see Director compensation on
  page 48 for more information).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             15
                                    Robert B. Michaleski (64) | Independent
 Director since January 2000        Mr. Michaleski was the CEO of Pembina from January 2000 to December 31, 2013.
                                    Until February 15, 2012 he also served as President. He is currently a director of one
 Calgary, AB                        private company and two TSX-listed companies.
 Canada
                                    Mr. Michaleski has served Pembina in various senior management and executive
 Experience                         capacities for over 30 years. He was appointed controller in 1980 and Vice President,
 Industry knowledge                 Finance in 1992. In connection with Pembina's initial public offering in October 1997,
 Major capital projects             he was named Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.
 Safety, health and environment
 Human resources/compensation       Mr. Michaleski holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) Degree from the University
 Investment banking                 of Manitoba. He received his Chartered Accountant designation in 1978. He is a
 Financial                          member of the Institute of Corporate Directors.
 Corporate governance
 Risk
 CEO

Board and committee membership and attendance
Board of directors                                                           8 of 8 meetings                          100%
Health, safety and environment committee                                     4 of 4 meetings                          100%
Major capital projects committee1                                            3 of 3 meetings                          100%

1 The major capital projects committee was discontinued effective February 2017. See page 39.

Other public company boards and committee memberships
Essential Energy Services Ltd. | TSX                Audit, compensation and governance
Vermilion Energy Inc. | TSX                         Audit

Securities held
Common                 Deferred                                       Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                 share units2           Total value             (including 50% common shares)
464,732                               4,971   $      19,708,737.88    yes

2 Deferred share units for directors include units issued under our deferred share unit plan (see Director compensation on
  page 48 for more information).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           16
                                    Leslie A. O'Donoghue (54) | Independent
 Director since December 2008       Ms. O'Donoghue has been Executive Vice President, Corporate Development &
                                    Strategy & Chief Risk Officer at Agrium Inc. (a retail supplier of agricultural products
 Calgary, AB                        and services and a producer and marketer of agricultural nutrients and industrial
 Canada                             products), a TSX and NYSE listed company, since October 30, 2012. She was
                                    formerly Executive Vice President, Operations of Agrium (2011 to 2012) and Chief
 Experience                         Legal Officer and Senior Vice President, Business Development of Agrium (1999 to
 Engineering/operational            2011).
 Major capital projects
 Safety, health and environment     Before joining Agrium in 1999, Ms. O'Donoghue was a partner in the national law firm
 Human resources/compensation       Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP.
 Investment banking
 Financial                          Ms. O'Donoghue holds a Bachelor of Economics from the University of Calgary and
 Risk                               Bachelor of Laws from Queen’s University. She was admitted to the Alberta Bar in
 Government relations               1989. She is a member of the Institute of Corporate Directors.
 Corporate governance

Board and committee membership and attendance
Board of directors                                                             8 of 8 meetings                           100%
Governance and nominating committee (chair)                                    3 of 3 meetings                           100%
Human resources and compensation committee                                     4 of 4 meetings                           100%

Other public company boards and committee memberships
–

Securities held
Common                 Deferred                                        Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                 share units1            Total value             (including 50% common shares)
30,288                                8,597    $       1,631,614.60    yes

Class A preferred shares
Series 11                                                                        3,000

1 Deferred share units for directors include units issued under our deferred share unit plan (see Director compensation on
  page 48 for more information).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                 17
                                     Bruce D. Rubin (60) | Independent

 Director nominee                    Mr. Rubin is an independent businessman. He has over 38 years of experience,
                                     including various executive and advisory positions and board memberships in the
 Swarthmore, Pennsylvania            energy, refining and petrochemical sectors. He was CEO of Sunoco Chemicals and a
 USA                                 Senior Vice President of Sunoco Inc., from 2008 until 2010, and held various other
                                     executive positions during a 32-year career with that company. Mr. Rubin was
 Experience                          Braskem America's first CEO, and he served with Braskem America in an executive
 Engineering/operational             capacity from 2010 until 2013. He oversaw the successful transition of Sunoco
 Industry knowledge                  Chemicals to Braskem America and supported the successful acquisition by Braskem
 Major capital projects              America of Dow Chemicals' polypropylene business. Mr. Rubin is currently an advisor
 Safety, health and environment      for Braskem America.
 Human resources/compensation
 Investment banking                  Mr. Rubin served on the board of directors of Sylvatex Inc. from 2012 to 2016, and
 Financial                           currently serves on the board of DISA Global Solutions (a Court Square Capital
 Risk                                Partners company). He is currently an advisor for Sylvatex Inc. and previously served
 Government relations                as an Executive Advisor for Court Square Capital Partners from 2013 to 2015 as well
 Corporate governance                as an Operating Advisor for The Carlyle Group from 2015 to 2017.
 CEO
                                     Mr. Rubin has a Master of Business Administration Degree from Widener University
                                     as well as a Bachelor of Sciences degree in Chemical Engineering from the
                                     University of Pennsylvania.

Board and committee membership and attendance
Mr. Rubin has not been appointed to any committees as of the
date hereof.

Other public company boards and committee memberships
-

Securities held
Common                 Deferred                                          Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                 share units1             Total value              (including 50% common shares)
-                                           -   $                    -   n/a2

1 Deferred share units for directors include units issued under our deferred share unit plan (see Director compensation on
  page 48 for more information).

2 Mr. Rubin, if elected, will have five years from the date of his election on May 5, 2017 to meet the guidelines.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           18
                                    Jeffrey T. Smith (69) | Independent
 Director since April 2012          Mr. Smith is an independent businessman and private investor with extensive
                                    experience in oil and gas operations, finance, mergers and acquisitions and
 Calgary, AB                        governance, human resources, compensation, health and safety and environmental
 Canada                             matters. He is also a director of NAL Resources Limited, an indirect wholly-owned
                                    subsidiary of Manulife Financial Corporation.
 Experience
 Engineering/operational            Mr. Smith's academic credentials include a Bachelor of Science (Geology) degree
 Industry knowledge                 from the University of Ottawa. He is a member of the Association of Professional
 Major capital projects             Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta and the Institute of Corporate Directors.
 Safety, health and environment
 Human resources/compensation
 Investment banking
 Financial
 Risk
 Corporate governance
 CEO

Board and committee membership and attendance
Board of directors                                                          8 of 8 meetings                          100%
Health, safety and environment committee (chair)                            4 of 4 meetings                          100%
Governance and nominating committee                                         3 of 3 meetings                          100%

Other public company boards and committee memberships1
–

1 Mr. Smith was a director of Spyglass Resources Corp. (a TSX listed company) from March 2013 until August 11, 2015.
  Spyglass Resources Corp. was placed into receivership by a syndicate of its lenders on November 26, 2015. Spyglass
  Resources Corp. was an intermediate oil and gas exploration and production company.

Securities held
Common                 Deferred                                       Meets share ownership guidelines
shares                 share units2           Total value             (including 50% common shares)
9,970                                 8,767   $        786,204.52      yes

Class A preferred shares
Series 5                                                                       4,000
2 Deferred share units for directors include units issued under our deferred share unit plan (see Director compensation on
  page 48 for more information).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                          19
4. Governance

Strong stewardship and governance are essential to operating our business effectively, and we maintain high standards of
governance and ethics throughout our business. We believe good governance is important for our shareholders, our
employees, all stakeholders and for Pembina.

Our governance practices meet or exceed legal and stock exchange requirements that apply to us. We also regularly
benchmark ourselves against our peers to make sure we are following best practices. Since our move to the TSX 60 in
April 2014, we have increased our focus on ensuring our practices are aligned with our TSX 60 peer group.

Policies, standards and practices
A variety of policies, programs and practices establish our governance framework. Many of them, including our code of
ethics and our whistleblower policy, are available in the governance section of our website (www.pembina.com). Directors,
officers and employees must sign an acknowledgement every year that they have read and understand our code of ethics,
whistleblower policy and other policies, will review all updates, and will comply with them at all times.

Governance guidelines
Our board and management operate under governance guidelines, which outline our emphasis on:
· enhancing and preserving value;
· protecting dividends;
· meeting our obligations to all stakeholders; and
· operating in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible way.

Our governance guidelines set out our commitment to principles of good governance.

Board independence               ü an independent chair of the board
                                 ü majority of the board must be independent
                                     regular in camera meetings without management and without non-independent
                                 ü
                                     directors
Board diversity                  ü commitment to diversity by gender, age, skills and geographic location
Board effectiveness              ü formal process for nominating directors and succession planning
                                 ü ongoing director orientation and director education program
                                 ü clearly established and distinct roles of board members and senior management
                                 ü commitment to maintaining dialogue between management and directors
                                 ü ability of the board and board committees to seek independent advice as appropriate
                                 ü formal board assessment and peer review process
Integrity and ethical conduct    ü commitment to ensuring the integrity of internal controls and public disclosure
                                 ü monitoring of overboarding, board interlocks, and other potential conflicts of interest
                                 ü established equity ownership requirements for directors
                                 ü formal policy on majority voting
Organizational effectiveness     ü requirement of board to oversee corporate strategy and manage organizational risks


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                          20
Code of ethics
One of our most valuable assets is our reputation as a reliable and responsible energy services provider with consistent
financial performance and long-term financial stability. Fostering a culture that promotes integrity and ethical conduct is key
to maintaining this reputation.

All employees, officers and directors of Pembina are governed by a code of ethics that sets out principles for ethical
conduct in the following areas:
· conflicts of interest;
· business relationships and fair dealing;
· compliance with the law;
· health, safety and environmental matters;
· integrity of financial information;
· disclosure and insider trading;
· stakeholder and public relations;
· privacy and confidentiality;
· protecting our assets and records;
· entertainment, gifts and other payments;
· workplace environment and relationships; and
· reporting responsibilities and procedures.

Compliance is mandatory and everyone has a responsibility to report violations of the code. Violations can result in
disciplinary action, including dismissal.

The board is responsible for establishing procedures for monitoring compliance with the code and does so through a
combination of periodic reports from management, our annual certification process, as well as through our whistleblower
policy. No aspect of the code can be waived unless it is approved by the board and properly disclosed, as required by the
laws and regulations that apply to us. The board has not waived any aspect of the code since it was implemented in 2005,
and no material change reports related to the conduct of any director or executive officer have been filed (which would
generally be required for conduct that would constitute a material departure from the code).

Whistleblower policy
We updated our whistleblower policy in November 2015, including introducing a whistleblower line that allows people to
report anonymously by telephone or the internet, at any time.

Pembina has built its reputation over 60 years as a result of our strong record of safe, reliable and environmentally
responsible operations. The whistleblower policy is designed to help us uphold this reputation and maintain public
confidence by encouraging employees, consultants, contractors, agents and other stakeholders to act responsibly and
report possible unethical practices without fear of discrimination, retaliation or harassment. The whistleblower policy
includes examples of activities that should be reported, and the process whistleblowers should follow to file a confidential
report.

Disclosure policy
Pembina is committed to providing material information to shareholders and the public in a timely, accurate and balanced
fashion. We have a disclosure policy that applies to all directors, officers, employees and any other person authorized to
speak on our behalf that sets out our procedures for timely dissemination of material information to the public. We also
have a disclosure committee made up of senior officers and others who are responsible for reviewing all disclosure before
it is released publicly. We regularly review our disclosure policy and update it as appropriate.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                              21
Other policies
The following policies guide our operations and business activities and how we interact with each other and our external
stakeholders:
· health, safety and environment policy;
· respectful workplace policy;
· insider trading and reporting policy;
· aboriginal relations policy;
· security management policy;
· market risk policy;
· counterparty risk management policy;
· enterprise risk management policy;
· alcohol and drug policy; and
· employee privacy policy.

The board has also adopted independence standards and a diversity policy for directors and a clawback policy for all
executive officers (see Diversity on page 29 and Managing compensation risk on page 45 for more information).

The board’s mandate

You can find a copy of the board’s mandate on our website (www.pembina.com).

The board of directors oversees our business, provides guidance to management, monitors management’s activities and
sets corporate policy. The board is also responsible for developing our approach to corporate governance, including
policies, standards and practices that ensure we operate ethically and meet or exceed the laws and regulations that apply
to us. The board's mandate sets out specific matters that must be approved by the full board. All significant operational,
governance, financial decisions and strategies that could affect our shareholders are reviewed by the board.

The board’s mandate includes:
· strategic planning;
· risk management;
· financial management and reporting;
· compensation; and
· succession planning.

The board fulfils its mandated duties directly and by delegating certain responsibilities to its four standing committees (see
page 32 for information about the committees).

The board assesses the potential impact of every significant project against Pembina’s target corporate guardrails:
· generate 80% of adjusted EBITDA1 from fee-for-service business
· maintain a strong BBB credit rating
· maintain a strong customer base of 75% investment grade or secured
· target a dividend payout ratio between 90-100% of fee-for-service business
1See About non-GAAP measures on page 84.


Strategic planning oversight
The board oversees the development and execution of our long range strategic plan and shorter term objectives and
initiatives.

The board participates at least once a year in a dedicated strategy session with management that includes reviewing
Pembina's current activities and future growth opportunities, including input from third-party advisors about industry or
other trends and developments that may benefit us or pose a risk. The board approves our annual strategic plan and
monitors performance against it throughout the year, based on quarterly updates and reports from management.

Risk management oversight
The board is responsible for overseeing risk management at Pembina. The board ensures it understands the principal risks
of our business and assesses the balance between risk and potential return for Pembina and our shareholders to ensure
our viability over the long term. To facilitate our risk review we have a risk management
Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular   22
committee made up of members of management, which meets at least quarterly to review the performance,
appropriateness and the current business environment surrounding our risk management activities.

As part of its responsibility, the board makes sure we have:
· an enterprise risk management (ERM) program, designed to identify and assess potential events that may affect our
  business, operations or results, and to manage risk factors within our risk appetite;
· a risk management infrastructure/framework to respond to identified risks, and critical risk management policies and
  procedures, including risk response, controls, monitoring, mitigation and reporting to the board; and
· specific management processes for addressing corporate, regulatory, securities and other compliance requirements.

Management reports periodically to the audit committee and board of directors about the risks that have been identified,
and once a year presents a report to the audit committee and the board of directors that summarizes the risk management
committee's review of risk identification, management and reporting, and any deficiencies identified. The governance and
nominating committee reviews the risk oversight functions of the board and board committees to confirm that identified risk
oversight is appropriately allocated.

Our 2016 ERM process identified the top 10 risks, potential impacts, mitigation strategies currently in place, and proposed
additional mitigation approaches. After the 2016 process, we organized our risks into five broad categories. These are
overseen by the board and its committees as follows:

Board/ board committee         Risk category it oversees                Specific risks identified
Board                          All                                      Economic conditions and industry
                                                                        Laws and regulations
                                                                        Competition
                                                                        Growth
                                                                        Operational efficiency
                                                                        Third party infrastructure
Audit committee                Financial and technological              Economic conditions and industry
                                                                        Counterparty risk
                                                                        Market risk
                                                                        Growth
                                                                        Information security
Governance and nominating      Governance and regulatory                Laws and regulations
committee
Human resources and            Human resources                          Operational efficiency
compensation committee
Health, safety & environment   Operational                              Operational efficiency
committee                      Health, safety and environment           Third party infrastructure
                                                                        Asset performance

You can read more about the board committees starting on page 32.

Financial management and reporting
The board is responsible for:
· approving our financial statements, accompanying MD&A and earnings press releases;
· reviewing and overseeing compliance with the audit, accounting and financial reporting requirements that apply to our
  business;
· approving our annual operating and capital budgets and financing plans and strategies; and
· approving decisions to participate in the capital markets and all significant changes to our accounting policies and
  practices.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                          23
The board also makes sure we have a system for tracking and responding to complaints about accounting, internal
accounting control or auditing matters, including anonymous complaints we may receive from employees or others. You
can read about our whistleblower policy on page 21.

Compensation

The human resources and compensation committee reviews and recommends director and executive compensation at
Pembina. You will find a full list of that committee's activities in 2016 starting on page 36.

Director compensation
The board is responsible for:
· approving director compensation;
· making sure director compensation is aligned with shareholder interests and adequately reflects the time commitment,
  scope of responsibilities, risks involved in being a director and market trends in director compensation;
· working with the human resources and compensation committee to review from time to time the competitiveness of the
  compensation of our board members, board chair and committee chairs; and
· working with independent external advisors that review compensation and benefits programs and provide objective
  advice.

Executive compensation
All decisions about compensation of the CEO and other senior executives must be approved by the board.

The board works with the human resources and compensation committee and independent advisors retained by the
human resources and compensation committee, to determine compensation for our CEO and other senior executives,
including variable compensation.

You can read more about our approach to compensation governance and how we compensate our directors and
executives beginning on page 40 and the role and responsibilities of the human resources and compensation committee
on page 44.

Executive succession planning
The board has developed position descriptions for the CEO, CFO and corporate secretary, outlining the scope and
responsibilities of each role.

The board is responsible for evaluating and appointing the CEO and other members of senior management, and for
approving the management succession process. It reviews succession plans for the CEO and other members of the
executive, taking into consideration recommendations by the human resources and compensation committee. There are
also development plans in place for all employees who are potential successors to the executive team.

The executive team periodically reviews their succession plans, identifies employees with high potential and makes sure
employee development is progressing as planned. The CEO meets with the human resources and compensation
committee at least once a year to discuss the succession plan, review succession candidates for the CEO position, as well
as senior management and other strategic positions, and prepare development plans for possible successors. In addition,
emergency successors have been identified for each executive position and are reviewed annually.

Leadership diversity and development
The executive team and the board are mindful of the importance of management diversity, and consider diversity, among
other factors, in succession planning. There is an established target for women in management contained in our
employment equity plan, which complies with the requirements of the Employment Equity Act and is submitted to the
federal government.

Women are currently well represented in management, representing approximately 30%, which is higher than the Alberta
mining and oil and gas extraction industry median in 2015 of 24.9% and the Alberta utilities industry median in 2015 of
23.8%. We also have two female executives (14 percent of our executive team). We continue to identify


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                        24
female candidates for higher level executive positions, and with the increasing number of women in management, we are
confident that our succession planning will lead to more women moving into executive positions.

Pembina is developing a community of extraordinary leaders to realize the company’s vision, and has recently introduced a
Leadership Development Framework that will become an essential aspect of our succession planning process. The
framework has four components: emerging leaders, leader essentials, core leadership and executive leadership.
Programming focuses on Pembina’s core competencies: technical and business acumen, results orientation, people
management, strategic management, collaboration and teamwork, communication skills, problem solving and decision
making and personal characteristics and leadership skills. This program brings leaders across the company together to
build relationships and share ideas, complementing on-the-job experience with formal and informal learning opportunities.

About the board of directors
We expect our directors to demonstrate the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values, and to represent
the long-term interests of our shareholders.

Independence

Nine of the 10 nominated directors are independent, meaning they do not have a business or other relationship (direct or
indirect) that could, or could reasonably be perceived to, materially interfere with their ability to act in our best interests.
Mr. Dilger is not independent because he is Pembina's President and CEO.

The board assesses the independence of directors annually using independence criteria that meet or exceed the following
standards:
· National Policy 58-201 – Corporate Governance Guidelines;
· National Instrument 52-110 – Audit Committees;
· U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations;
· Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and
· New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) rules.

This is described in detail in our Standards for Director Independence, which you can find on our website
(www.pembina.com).

In camera sessions
The board meets in camera at each meeting to facilitate regular, open and candid discussion among the independent
directors without management present, and also without the non-independent directors (if there are any).

In 2016, our independent directors met separately at every board meeting.

About the chair of the board
The chair of the board is appointed by the directors for a term of one year. Our intent is to have an independent chair
unless it is in the best interests of the company to appoint a chair who is not independent. The roles of chair of the board
and CEO have been separate since we went public in 1997. Our current chair, Randall J. Findlay, is independent.

The board has developed a position description for the chair of the board and the committee chairs, outlining the scope
and responsibilities of those roles. Committee chairs lead their committee and report to the board. The chair reports to the
board and our shareholders and works with the CEO to make sure we fulfill our responsibilities to shareholders,
employees, partners, governments and the public.

The chair is expected to provide leadership to the board and foster effective, responsible decision-making, including
overseeing board direction and administration, board and individual director effectiveness.

The chair of the board, in conjunction with the governance and nominating committee, also selects the chair of each
committee.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                 25
Serving on other boards
We recognize the significant commitment involved in serving on a board and the value and experience gained from serving
on other boards. None of our directors serve on more than two other public company boards and none of them currently sit
together on another company board.

 The governance and nominating committee has reviewed the boards our directors currently serve on, and has
 determined that they do not affect the board’s independence or its ability to operate effectively.

In 2017, we updated our governance guidelines to reflect evolving trends in public board directorship commitments. Mr.
Dilger, who is a director and our CEO, and other directors who hold executive offices with public companies, can serve on
one public company board in addition to Pembina's. All other directors can serve on up to four public company boards in
total (including Pembina's). Directors who want to serve on the board, or as an executive, of another publicly traded
company must notify the chair of our governance and nominating committee before accepting the nomination or
appointment. The chair of the governance and nominating committee, together with the board chair, will determine whether
acceptance of such appointment would compromise the director's availability or capacity, or if there would be any apparent
or actual conflict in accepting the appointment.

The board regularly reviews the directorships. If two or more directors serve together on another public company board,
the board will review the situation and decide whether a director should continue to serve on our board. It may grant an
exception in some circumstances.

Attendance and active participation
We expect all board and committee meetings to be conducted in a way that promotes open communication, meaningful
participation and timely resolution of issues. Generally, directors can serve on a maximum of three committees so they can
fully participate and meet their obligations to the board. All of our independent directors serve on two or three committees.

Directors are expected to attend all board meetings and all of their committee meetings unless there is an unavoidable
conflict or other extenuating circumstances. Attendance is monitored by the governance and nominating committee and
managed by the chair of the board. The table below summarizes meeting attendance of our directors in 2016.

                                                       Committee meetings
                                                                                 Human          Health,
                                                                                 resources and safety and      Major          Total committee
                                   Board meetings      Audit          Governance compensation environment projects            meetings
R. Findlay1                        8 of 8 (chair) 100% 4 of 4         3 of 3     4 of 4                        3 of 3          6 of 6   100%
A. Ainsworth                       8 of 8         100% 4 of 4                                   4 of 4                         8 of 8   100%
G. Billing2                        8 of 8         100% 4 of 4                    4 of 4 (chair)                                8 of 8   100%
G. Kerr                            8 of 8         100% 4 of 4                    4 of 4                                        8 of 8   100%
M. Dilger3                         8 of 8         100% 4 of 4         3 of 3     4 of 4         4 of 4         3 of 3          18 of 18 100%
L. Gordon                          8 of 8         100%                           4 of 4         4 of 4         3 of 3 (chair) 11 of 11  100%
D. LeGresley                       8 of 8         100% 4 of 4 (chair) 3 of 3                                                   7 of 7   100%
R. Michaleski                      8 of 8         100%                                          4 of 4         3 of 3          7 of 7   100%
L. O'Donoghue                      8 of 8         100%                3 of 3     4 of 4                                        7 of 7   100%
                                                                      (chair)
J. Smith                           8 of 8         100%                3 of 3                    4 of 4 (chair)                 7 of 7   100%
1 Mr. Findlay attended all audit and human resources and compensation committee meetings in 2016 in his capacity as
 chair of the board.
2 Mr. Billing is not standing for re-election at the meeting and will be stepping down from the board effective on the meeting
 date.
3 Mr. Dilger attended all board meetings in 2016 as a director and CEO and all committee meetings in 2016 in his capacity
 as CEO.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                            26
Orientation and continuing education
The governance and nominating committee is responsible for approving the director orientation process and annual plans
for director education and development.

Orientation
Our orientation manual for new directors includes the following items:
· corporate governance guidelines;
· board mandate;
· committee charters;
· terms of reference for directors;
· position descriptions for the board chair, committee chairs and the executive officers;
· key corporate policies; and
· other relevant corporate and board information.

New directors attend orientation sessions to familiarize them with our business, significant risks and mitigation measures,
our expectations, our corporate goals and objectives, and current business issues and opportunities.

The board has set the following priorities for continuing education in 2017:
·  cyber security;
·  facility security;
·  enterprise risk oversight;
·  board diversity;
·  shareholder activism and board-shareholder engagement;
·  director liability; and
·  commodity prices.

Continuing education
Directors have ongoing opportunities to increase their knowledge and understanding of our business, including:
· Annual briefings – typically include reviews of the competitive environment, our five-year financial outlook, our
  performance relative to our peers, significant risks and mitigation measures and other developments that could
  materially affect our business. Briefings may include presentations by third-party consultants, such as financial advisors,
  pension experts and outside legal counsel as needed.
· Corporate governance issues and trends – regular briefings on corporate governance developments and emerging best
  practices.
· Industry and other issues and trends – presentations from time to time by external consultants about general industry
  trends or other topics of interest.

The corporate secretary maintains a list of all skill development and continuing education taken by the directors, which the
governance and nominating committee reviews when building each year’s director education plan. The table below shows
the director education program in 2016.

Date         Event                                               Presenter                         Attendees
January 11   Activism in the U.S. and the role of private equity Women Corporate Directors         A-M.N. Ainsworth
                                                                 (J.P. Morgan Securities LLC)
January 29   Propane dehydrogenation education session           K. Jagger                         L.B. Gordon
                                                                                                   G.J. Kerr
February 4   Toronto governance summit                           Kingsdale Advisors (formerly      L.A. O'Donoghue
                                                                 Kingsdale Shareholder
                                                                 Services)
February 17 Aboriginal law update                                Blake, Cassels & Graydon          G.J. Kerr
                                                                 LLP
February 24 Polypropylene education session                      J. Morales                       All directors
February 24 Dodd Frank update/education                          A. Foley (Paul, Weiss, Rifkind,  All directors except R. B.
                                                                 Wharton & Garrison LLP)          Michaleski and L.A.
                                                                                                  O’Donoghue
Mar 3        Webinar – how boards get value from internal        Institute of Corporate Directors R.J. Findlay
             audit
Mar 23       Duff & Phelps annual private capital conference     NGP Energy Capital         A-M.N. Ainsworth
                                                                 Management, Morgan Stanley
April 11    Panelist – risks and opportunities for U.S. fuels   American Institute of Chemical A-M.N. Ainsworth
            and petrochemical industries in current global      Engineers
            market
May 4       Pembina service unit capital project update         Various service unit leaders   All directors


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                    27
Date            Event                                               Presenter           Attendees
May 4           Best in class internal audit                        Ernst & Young LLP   All directors except R. B.
                                                                                        Michaleski, L.A.
                                                                                        O’Donoghue and L.B.
                                                                                        Gordon
May 10        Energy course session guest lecturer         Haskayne School of Business G.J. Kerr
May 17        Executive compensation seminar               Blake, Cassels & Graydon     G.J. Kerr
                                                           LLP
June 1        Director/investor roundtable                 Hugessen Consulting          R.J. Findlay
June 1-3      Institute of Corporate Directors Conference  Institute of Corporate       G.J. Kerr
                                                           Directors                    R.J. Findlay
June 7        Incentive compensation – panelist            Hugessen Consulting          R.J. Findlay
June 8        Webinar – 2016 proxy season – key takeaways Institute of Corporate        R.J. Findlay
                                                           Directors
June 8        Presentation by Premier of Saskatchewan Brad Explorers and Producers      G.J. Kerr
              Wall                                         Association of Canada
June 21       Block chain technology presentation          HSBC                         G.J. Kerr
August 3      Emergency preparedness & response            L. Lunt, M. Clough           All directors
August 3      Non-GAAP and other regulatory disclosure     KPMG LLP                     R.J. Findlay
              areas of focus (ASC/OSC/SEC)                                              D.M.B. LeGresley
                                                                                        G.D. Billing
                                                                                        A-M. Ainsworth
                                                                                        G.J. Kerr
October 4     Energy update                                First Energy Capital Corp.   G.J. Kerr
October 14    Propane dehydrogenation and polypropylene    K. Jagger                    All directors
              project education session (Crystal Ball)
October 21-23 Director Education Program Module 1          Institute of Corporate       G.J. Kerr
                                                           Directors
November 2 Director-Shareholder engagement                 Kingsdale Advisors (formerly L.A. O’Donoghue
                                                           Kingsdale Shareholder        R.J. Findlay
                                                           Services)                    D.M.B. LeGresley
                                                                                        J. Smith
November 2 NYSE listing review                             C. Goldade                   R.J. Findlay
                                                                                        D.M.B. LeGresley
                                                                                        G.D. Billing
                                                                                        A-M. Ainsworth
                                                                                        G.J. Kerr
November 9 U.S. Election Implications for Canada           School of Public Policy,     G.J. Kerr
                                                           University of Calgary
November 29 Propane dehydrogenation and polypropylene      K. Jagger                    All directors
              project education session
December 2-4 Director Education Module 2                   Institute of Corporate       G.J. Kerr
                                                           Directors
December 5 Assessing board effectiveness and planning for Women Corporate Directors A-M.N. Ainsworth
              succession                                   (Spencer Stuart)
December 8 Aligning compensation with shareholder value – Institute of Corporate        R.J. Findlay
              panel moderator                              Directors
December 13 Economic outlook presentation                  Alberta Treasury Branch      G.J. Kerr
                                                           economist Todd Hirsch

Conflicts of interest
Our directors must avoid conflicts of interest and abide by our code of ethics.

If a director or executive officer has a material interest in a potential transaction or agreement, he or she must report this to
the board. Directors must have the governance and nominating committee’s approval before accepting a senior
management or board position with another company. Directors who feel they might have a conflict of interest related to
any matter the board is considering at a meeting must disclose the interest, refrain from voting on the matter and remove
themselves from that portion of the meeting.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                28
Nomination of new directors
The board reviews the composition of the board every year, considering diversity, specific skills, tenure and the experience
required on the board. The board looks at director nomination dynamically, recognizing that the skills the board needs will
change over time and as the company and the industry evolve. The goal is a board that is effective, experienced and well-
balanced. The governance and nominating committee recommends new director candidates to the board for approval. The
board proposes the final list of nominated directors to shareholders. The governance and nominating committee looks to a
number of sources to identify new candidates, including outside search firms.

The board looks for directors who are inquisitive and objective, have practical wisdom and mature judgment. It ensures that
the process is objective by taking into consideration any potential conflicts of interest and relationships between new
directors and existing directors.

It looks at the competencies and skills of a potential candidate, including their education, communication and interpersonal
skills, and relevant business, government and civic experience. It also considers the skills matrix of the current board to
balance the qualities of new candidates with the composition and diversity of the board.

Finally, it considers whether the candidate is able to devote enough time to their duties as a director, and reviews and
consults with the chair of the board and the CEO to gather their input before proposing a list of nominated directors to
shareholders.

This year, we are excited to recommend Mr. Rubin for election to the board. In selecting Mr. Rubin, the governance and
nominating committee and the board set up a thorough search process with the assistance of external recruitment
professionals. Extensive interviews were conducted with multiple candidates and the board considered all relevant factors,
with a focus on diversity. Mr. Rubin was selected as he possesses a mix of skills, experience and qualifications required on
the board at this time. He will bring a wealth of relevant technical experience in the energy, refining and petrochemical
sectors, and add to the geographical diversity of our board.

Diversity
The board recognizes the importance of director diversity, and in February 2015 formally adopted a written policy that
serves as a framework for promoting diversity, including diversity of gender, age and geographic location.

While the selection of candidates for appointment to the board will continue to be based on the objective, professional
qualifications required of our directors, the governance and nominating committee will aim to achieve diversity on the board
when filling board vacancies. It also considers the benefits of diversity in its annual review of the board composition and
mix of skills, and in selecting and recommending nominees for election. In its annual assessment of board composition, the
governance and nominating committee also assesses how effective our diversity policy is at building board diversity,
considering the skills required on the board at that time.

This year, 20 percent of the nominated directors are women. We conducted a benchmarking survey this year to see how
this compares to our peer group, the TSX composite, TSX companies in our sector, the TSX companies in Alberta and the
TSX 60. We found that we are aligned with our peer group, we are below the median for companies on the TSX 60, and we
exceed the median compared to other TSX companies in Alberta and in our industry. Pembina is committed to working
proactively to increase the diversity of directors on our board, and the governance and nominating committee and board
keep a list of qualified female candidates to consider when there is a vacancy on the board. While the diversity policy does
not set formal targets for women on the board, we feel the issue is being properly addressed without the need for a formal
target.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           29
Age and tenure
We do not have a formal policy imposing term limits because our priority is to assemble a board that has the right mix of
skills and experience as a whole to provide strong stewardship. Currently, the average age of our directors is 62 (ranging
from 54 to 71).

The board recognizes that while a longer serving director can make a growing contribution to the board over time, it must
balance experience with some turnover to generate fresh ideas and perspectives on various issues and our business in
general.

Directors retire from our board or do not stand for re-election once they have turned 72, unless the board determines
otherwise.


Our independent directors have served on our board anywhere from two years to up to 20 years. The chart shows the
tenure of this year's nominated directors. The average tenure on the board is eight years.

Location
Pembina operates in Canada and the U.S., so it is important to have directors with experience in these markets. Currently,
eight of our nominated directors are Canadian, two are from the U.S.

Skills and experience
The board regularly evaluates the competencies and skills
of the directors against what it needs for proper oversight, effective decision-making and fulfilling its mandate.

It is our goal to be sure the board has a good mix of relevant skills and experience, sufficiently diverse opinions to support
balanced discussion and debate, and a manageable number of directors to facilitate productive discussion and decision-
making. The board uses a skills matrix to identify and evaluate the experience and knowledge of the directors, and to
identify potential areas to focus on when recruiting new director candidates. The governance and nominating committee
maintains the matrix and updates it regularly.

The table on the next page shows the mix of experience and knowledge of our nominated directors.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             30
                                           Randall   Anne-
                                           Findlay   Marie     Michael   Lorne    Gordon   David     Robert     Leslie     Bruce   Jeffrey
                                           (chair)   Ainsworth Dilger    Gordon   Kerr     LeGresley Michaleski O'Donoghue Rubin   Smith
Engineering/operational                    ü         ü         ü                  ü        ü                    ü          ü       ü
Industry knowledge – pipelines             ü         ü         ü         ü        ü                  ü                             ü
Industry knowledge – midstream             ü         ü         ü                  ü                  ü                     ü       ü
Industry knowledge - natural gas liquids   ü         ü         ü                  ü                  ü                     ü       ü
Industry knowledge – gas processing        ü         ü         ü                  ü                  ü                             ü
Major capital projects                     ü         ü         ü         ü        ü                  ü          ü          ü       ü
Safety, health and environment             ü         ü         ü         ü        ü                  ü          ü          ü       ü
Human resources/
                                           ü         ü         ü         ü        ü        ü        ü          ü          ü        ü
compensation
Investment banking                         ü         ü         ü                  ü        ü        ü          ü          ü        ü
Financial                                  ü         ü         ü         ü        ü        ü        ü          ü          ü        ü
Risk                                       ü         ü         ü         ü        ü        ü        ü          ü          ü        ü
Government relations                                                                                           ü          ü
Corporate governance                       ü         ü         ü         ü        ü        ü        ü          ü          ü        ü
CEO                                        ü         ü         ü         ü        ü                 ü                     ü        ü

Board and committee evaluation
Regular board assessments are important to confirm that the board, its committees and individual directors are performing
effectively and to encourage continuous improvement.

We complete a formal assessment of the board once a year. The chair of the board leads the assessment, with input from
all directors. Each director completes a questionnaire, which is divided into the categories of board responsibility, board
operations, board effectiveness, and committee matters. Board members are asked to assess each committee's
performance against its mandate, as well as overall board performance in areas like governance processes and
administration, fiduciary oversight, strategic planning and business decisions, and financial matters. Each director also
evaluates the effectiveness and performance of the board chair. The chair meets with each director individually, in person
or by telephone, to discuss the results of the questionnaires and to seek confidential feedback on peer performance. The
chair also seeks input on board effectiveness, risk management, strategic oversight and other relevant topics. After the
results of the questionnaires and meetings are compiled, the governance and nominating committee and the board discuss
the results, in camera if appropriate.

The governance and nominating committee and the board also recognize the important role that self-evaluation plays in
the overall assessment of board effectiveness, and in 2017 will introduce an evaluation process that more formally includes
director self-assessments and peer reviews. The board retains an independent advisor from time to time to evaluate the
board and committees, and may retain one in 2017 to assist specifically in developing its peer review and self-assessment
process.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                          31
Communicating with the board
We are committed to providing investors with timely and accurate information about our strategy, performance and
business activities.

In addition to filing disclosure documents with securities regulators, we participate in industry sponsored conferences, and
host investor days and conference calls and webcasts to review our financial and operating results.

Shareholders can ask questions and provide feedback to management and the board at our annual shareholders meeting,
or contact the board through our corporate secretary:

Chair of the board of directors
c/o Corporate Secretary
Pembina Pipeline Corporation
4000, 585 – 8th Avenue S.W.
Calgary, Alberta
T2P 1G1

Shareholders can also contact our investor relations department any time, by letter, email or phone.

Shareholder proposals
If you want to present a shareholder proposal at our 2018 annual general meeting, you must submit it by February 10,
2017 to be considered for next year's management information circular.

Send your shareholder proposal to the corporate secretary at the above address.

Board committees
The board has four standing committees to help carry out its duties and meet the statutory and policy requirements that
apply to our business:
· Audit;
· Governance;
· Human resources and compensation; and
· Health, safety and environment.

Each committee is governed by a written charter, which is approved by the board and reviewed and assessed by the
committees themselves and the board every year. All of the board committees must be independent, except for our health,
safety and environment committee, which must have a majority of independent directors.

Each committee updates the board regularly on its activities by providing a report to the board after each committee
meeting and submits any recommendations that require board approval for discussion and review. Each committee is
responsible for sharing information of mutual interest with other committees.

The board reviews the composition of its committees each year and makes adjustments as needed. The board can remove
members of each committee by resolution when needed and fill vacancies if a committee has less than the minimum
number of members.

You can find our committee charters online at our website (www.pembina.com) and read about the nominated directors
starting on page 9.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             32
Audit committee
The audit committee is responsible for overseeing:

    ·   the integrity of Pembina’s financial statements, the reporting process and internal controls over financial reporting;
    ·   the relationship, reports, qualifications, independence and performance of the external auditor;
    ·   the internal audit function;
    ·   the risk identification, assessment and management program;
    ·   compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
    ·   management information technology related to financial reporting and financial controls; and
    ·   maintenance of open lines of communication between management, the external auditors, the internal auditors
        and the board.

The audit committee meets quarterly with management and the external auditors and separately with the auditors. The
audit committee met four times in 2016. All of these meetings included the internal and external auditors and time without
management present.

Members             David LeGresley (chair)                  Grant Billing
                    Anne-Marie Ainsworth                     Gordon Kerr
                    David LeGresley, Grant Billing and Gordon Kerr are financial experts and all of the members are
                    financially literate. Grant Billing is not standing for re-election at the meeting. He will be stepping down
                    from the board and will cease to be a member of the audit committee effective on the meeting date,
                    and the board will consider appointing a new committee member.
Independence        100%

                    Each of the four directors met the independence criteria as of March 2017, within the meaning of
                    National Instrument 52-110 - Audit Committees, Rule 10A-3 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1934, as
                    amended, and the corporate governance standards of the NYSE.
Qualifications      · accountant, financial experience or accreditation
                    · all of the committee members must be able to read and understand a set of financial statements that
                      are comparable in scope and complexity to our financial statements.
Key                 Financial statements, reporting process and internal controls over financial reporting
responsibilities    · reviewing annual and quarterly consolidated financial statements, management’s discussion and
                       analysis (MD&A), the earnings press releases and other financial disclosure, and recommending
                       them to the board for approval
                    · reviewing significant financial reporting issues, changes in accounting policies, key estimates and
                       judgments, significant deficiencies identified and compensating or mitigating controls, unresolved
                       issues between management and the external auditor, material correspondence with regulators or
                       government agencies, and whistleblower complaints
                    External auditor
                    · overseeing the relationship, reports, qualifications, independence and performance of the external
                       auditors and audit services by other registered public accounting firms Pembina has engaged.
                    Internal audit
                    · overseeing the internal audit function including the audit charter, activities, staffing and organizational
                       structure
                    · approving the annual audit plan
                    · assessing performance and ensuring there are no unjustified restrictions or limitations
                    · meeting separately as appropriate, to discuss matters that should be discussed privately
                    Risk management
                    · discussing governance guidelines and policies for risk assessment and management
                    · developing or overseeing the development of these guidelines and policies
                    Other
                    · overseeing our whistleblower policy and procedures for financial reporting



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                 33
2016 highlights    Committee charter and education
                   · reviewed and approved revisions to the committee charter
                   · attended a session led by management reviewing our NYSE listing
                   · attended sessions led by external advisors on topics including Dodd Frank, internal audit, and
                       disclosure focus areas for securities regulators
                   · assessed ongoing professional development requirements
                   Financial reporting and tax
                   · reviewed changes in accounting policies, significant financial reporting issues, non-GAAP
                       measures, estimates and judgments applied and significant contingencies and provisions for
                       consolidated financial statements
                   · reviewed annual and quarterly consolidated financial statements, MD&A, the earnings press
                       releases and other financial disclosures
                   · oversaw the defined contribution, defined benefit and supplementary pension plans
                   · oversaw the legal entity reporting requirements and significant regulatory compliance exceptions,
                       audits and initiatives
                   · oversaw impact assessment of new IFRS accounting standards (as required)
                   External auditor oversight
                   · approved the 2016 external auditor audit engagements, audit plans and fees
                   · interviewed new external audit partner based on required partner rotation due to time
                   · reviewed and approved non-audit services to be provided by the external auditor
                   · reviewed the quarterly audit findings reports provided by the external auditors
                   · reviewed external auditor assessment plan
                   Compliance & risk oversight
                   · reviewed the risk management committee’s hedging recommendations
                   · approved the following reports and annual updates:
                            o enterprise risk management report, and recommended risk tolerance
                            o update to market risk policy
                            o update to counterparty risk management policy
                            o update to risk management committee charter
                   · monitored the status of our counterparty risk, market risk and enterprise risks against established
                       limits
                   ·    reviewed corporate insurance program and coverage
                   Internal audit oversight
                   · approved the 2016 internal audit plan and revisions to the internal audit charter
                   · reviewed internal audit SOX compliance and fraud assessment results
                   · reviewed management’s conclusions about efficacy of internal controls of financial reporting
                   · reviewed our disclosure controls and procedures with the CEO and CFO
                   · reviewed and approved revisions to the whistleblower policy and approved the creation of a
                       Whistleblower Hotline
                   · reviewed whistleblower complaints
                   Information technology (IT)
                   · reviewed 2016 IT strategies and initiatives


You can find more information about the audit committee under the heading "Audit Committee Information" in our annual
information form (AIF) on our website (www.pembina.com), on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and on EDGAR (www.sec.gov).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                         34
Governance and nominating committee
The governance and nominating committee is primarily responsible for helping the board develop, implement and monitor
Pembina's corporate governance practices.

The committee is expected to work with management and others throughout the company to make sure we have a healthy
governance culture. This includes reporting and making recommendations to the board and management about corporate
governance issues, best practices, compliance and the effectiveness of our governance processes and systems.

The committee met three times in 2016. All of these meetings included time without management present.

Members          Leslie O'Donoghue (chair)               David LeGresley
                 Randall Findlay                         Jeffrey Smith

Independence 100%
Qualifications   · governance committee of other public companies
                 · legal, compliance or regulatory background
                 · CEO or senior executive experience
Key              Board governance
responsibilities · board size and composition
                 · director orientation, education and training
                 · monitors potential conflicts of interest, outside board appointments
                 · eligibility and selection criteria, including independence and financial literacy
                 · recommending director candidates for election to the board and appointment to chair of the board and
                    CEO positions
                 · annual board, director and committee assessments
                 Compliance and disclosure
                 · monitoring best governance practices and our compliance with governance related laws and regulations
                 · approving our disclosure policy and overseeing our policies, procedures and the disclosure committee
                 · assisting the board in establishing appropriate risk oversight functions at the board and committee
                 levels
2016 highlights Director succession
                · regularly reviewed and updated the board composition matrix, skills matrix and director succession
                   planning process
                · reviewed and considered changes to committee membership for 2017
                · reviewed and dealt with outside board appointments
                · oversaw and led the search process and selection of Mr. Rubin as director nominee
                Corporate governance best practices
                · reviewed and recommended:
                    · adoption of amendments to majority voting policy
                    · adoption and recommendation of revisions to insider trading and reporting and disclosure policies
                    · reviewed board diversity policy and considered revisions
                    · adoption of the 2017 director education plan
                 · reviewed the activities of the company’s disclosure committee
                 · reviewed the director onboarding process and continuing education program for the directors
                 · assessed relationships between Pembina and each director and determined that nine out of the 10
                   nominated directors are independent
                 · monitored recent developments, emerging trends and best practices in corporate governance and
                   disclosure practices, including shareholder engagement trends, cybersecurity, improving shareholder
                   voting participation and activist shareholder developments and trends
                 · reviewed the enterprise risk management process for 2016 and risk oversight functions of the board
                   and committees to confirm the appropriate allocation of risk oversight
                 · reviewed director and officer insurance coverage
                Evaluation of the board, board committees, chairs and individual directors
                · assessed director independence and reviewed director relationships, commitments and interlocks
                · worked with an independent advisor to evaluate the board and its committees with the board chair
                · reviewed the board and committee charters and corporate policies
                · considered and recommended the discontinuation of the major capital projects committee



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                        35
                 Public disclosure
                 · reviewed and approved the information related to corporate governance in the information circular, for
                 recommendation to the board

Human resources and compensation committee
The human resources and compensation committee assists the board by providing oversight and direction on human
resources strategy, policies and programs. This includes our compensation programs, including reviewing and approving
recommendations about our general compensation philosophy, director and executive compensation, overseeing the
development and administration of our compensation programs, and executive succession planning. The committee is also
responsible for overseeing the risk associated with our compensation programs, to make sure compensation does not
encourage individuals to take inappropriate risks that are reasonably likely to have a material and adverse effect on the
company.

The committee is responsible for assessing the fairness and effectiveness of our retirement, savings and incentive plans,
and for making sure all plans and benefit programs are administered according to the laws, stock exchange policies and
stated compensation objectives that govern our business. It conducts thorough competitive evaluations each year and may
consult an independent firm for help in assessing the competitiveness of our director and executive compensation
programs.

You can read about how we compensate our directors starting on page 48 and our executives on page 52. You can find
more information about compensation governance on page 44.

The committee met four times in 2016. All of these meetings included time without management present.

Members           Grant Billing (chair)                    Leslie O'Donoghue
                  Gordon Kerr                              Lorne Gordon
                  Grant Billing is not standing for re-election at the meeting. He will be stepping down from the board and
                  will cease to be a member of the human resources and compensation committee effective on the
                  meeting date, and the board will consider appointing a new committee member.
Independence      100%
Qualifications    · executive or CEO experience
                  · human resources or compensation experience
                  · compensation committees of other public companies
                  · industry or sector experience
Key              Compensation philosophy and approach
responsibilities · reviewing and approving our compensation philosophy
                 · reviewing and recommending our executive compensation program and incentive plans
                 · reviewing and recommending our director compensation including retainers and attendance fees
                 Program oversight
                 · reviewing compensation design, corporate objectives and executive performance targets
                 · reviewing employment agreements and severance and change of control arrangements for the CEO
                    and other senior executives
                 · assisting the board in establishing and overseeing executive officer succession plans
                 · overseeing the defined benefit and defined contribution pension plan and supplementary pension
                    plan
                 Annual performance and compensation
                 · recommending individual elements of total compensation for the CEO and executive officers
                 · approving the annual report on executive compensation and public disclosure
                 Compensation risk oversight
                 · ensuring executive compensation is aligned with our short, medium and long-term goals
                 · monitoring legal and stock exchange compliance



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                              36
2016 highlights Program oversight
                · reviewed short-term and long-term incentive plans in detail
                · adopted a policy to pay directors who are U.S. residents in U.S. dollars
                · reviewed and approved external advisor engagement, services and work plan
                · revised the compensation peer group
                · approved changes to the company's benefits provider through a re-marketing effort, effective January
                   1, 2017 for most programs
                · reviewed and approved amendments to the company's Alcohol and Drug Policy
                · approved an increase to the share reserve under our stock option plan be tabled for shareholder
                   approval at the meeting
                · implemented the second phase of the increase in the board retainer approved in 2015
                Succession planning
                · reviewed the executive succession plan and oversaw senior management and employee
                   organizational changes related to the plan
                Annual performance and compensation
                   · recommended for approval
                   · 2016 performance goals for the short-term incentive plan
                   · 2016 CEO objectives
                   · 2016 RSU/PSU share unit award plan along with PSU performance measures
                   · Issuance of stock options for 2016
                · reviewed 2015 corporate and business unit performance to determine 2015 short term incentive
                   payouts (paid in 2016)
                · reviewed and approved the 2013 PSU multiplier for long-term incentive payouts (paid in 2016)
                · reviewed and approved the budget for salary increases
                Public disclosure
                · reviewed and approved the information related to compensation in the information circular, for
                   recommendation to the board
                Education
                · received an overview of the company's community investment program
                · received a summary of the company's action plan arising from employee engagement survey results
                · received an overview of the company's continuous improvement program



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                      37
Health, safety and environment committee
The health, safety and environment committee is primarily responsible for helping the board oversee the development,
implementation and monitoring of our environmental, health, safety and system integrity policies and systems, especially
as they relate to accountability and compliance.

The committee met four times in 2016. All of these meetings included time without management present.

Members           Jeffrey Smith (chair)              Lorne Gordon
                  Anne-Marie Ainsworth               Robert Michaleski (independent as of December 31, 2016)
Independence      100%
Qualifications    · engineering or operations background
                  · legal, compliance or regulatory experience
                  · CEO or senior executive experience
Key              Program and strategy development
responsibilities · overseeing the development, implementation and auditing of our health, safety and environmental
                    management policies, programs, systems and practices
                 · reviewing our health, safety and environmental strategy
                 Risk management
                 · identifying health, safety and environmental risks and recommending appropriate programs to manage
                    and reduce risk
                 · monitoring current, pending or threatened legal action by or against us
                 Regulatory compliance and public disclosure
                 · reviewing and monitoring our incident reporting policies and practices, and reports about significant
                    incidents, emerging issues, inspections, audits and actions taken to correct deficiencies
                 · reviewing and approving our annual internal sustainability report
2016 highlights Health, safety and environment measures
                · reviewed and approved the 2016 health, safety and environment performance measures to be used
                   across all business units, incorporating leading indicators in combination with lagging indicators
                · reviewed 2015 performance against the measures and recommended the health, safety and
                   environment performance multiplier for the short-term incentive plan to the human resources and
                   compensation committee (paid in 2016)
                · reviewed management’s 2016 environment work plan
                Safety culture
                · approved and recommended revised Security Management Policy
                · reviewed the results of management’s incident review panel related to all significant events
                · monitored emerging and material issues in health, safety and environment, including carbon tax,
                   security and emergency management
                · received reports from management’s continuous improvement teams
                · received a report from management on the progress of the safety accountability project
                · oversaw the completion of the Canadian Energy Pipeline Association’s integrity first self-assessment
                   initiative by the control centre in 2016
                · conducted in depth review and analysis of contractor fatality at Redwater facility, and implemented
                   enhanced safety measures
                Integrity and geotechnical
                · monitored on of the largest pipeline integrity and geotechnical programs in the company’s history
                · reviewed management’s 2016 geotechnical and integrity work plans and facility inspection plans
                · implemented the process hazard analysis initiative



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           38
Major capital projects committee
The major capital projects committee was established in 2014 to help the board oversee major capital projects during the
largest capital program in our history. It was discontinued as of February 23, 2017, as many of our projects have
successfully reached or are reaching completion and management and the board have developed the necessary
organizational competence in project management and execution. The board will continue to have oversight of strategic
planning and major capital projects.

The committee met three times in 2016.

Members            Lorne Gordon (chair)                     Robert Michaleski (independent as of December 31, 2016)
                   Randall Findlay
Independence       100%
Qualifications     · engineering or operations background
                   · CEO or senior executive experience
                   · industry or sector experience
Key                Determining which capital projects to oversee
responsibilities   · reviewing management’s recommendations and identifying major capital projects based on project
                      complexity, cost and level of risk
                   Reviewing key information about identified projects
                   · project risk analysis and risk mitigation plans
                   · key commercial terms that may impact project execution
                   · significant regulatory, political or stakeholder issues
                   · significant safety or environmental matters
                   · cost estimates, cost control and management processes
                   · project planning documents
                   · project look backs
                   · progress reports
2016 highlights    Project execution measures
                   · reviewed and approved the major capital projects on time and on budget measures for tracking the
                      success of our major capital projects program
                   · reviewed actual 2015 and a forecast of 2016 performance against these measures and
                      recommended a performance multiplier to the human resources and compensation committee as a
                      component of the short-term incentive program for both 2015 and 2016
                   Project updates
                   · reviewed major capital projects from the perspective of capital expenditures, schedule, strategy and
                      risk
                   · received lookback summaries prepared by management for various completed projects, including
                      lessons learned, strengths, weaknesses and overall performance relative to criteria established at
                      the time of board approval of these projects
                   Project governance
                   · reviewed revisions to the project delivery and governance lifecycle, incorporating components
                      derived from organizational improvement initiatives, including the Enterprise Project Management
                      System implementation
                   · reviewed internally authorized project supplements in accordance with the CEO spending tolerance
                      authorization



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                          39
5. Compensation discussion and analysis

This section of our management information circular describes how we pay our directors and senior executives. We've
grouped it into four sections:

Executive summary                           page 41
Summarizes our performance and compensation decisions this year, and changes we have made to our compensation
plans.

Compensation governance                           page 44
Describes how we oversee compensation and manage risk.
It also tells you about our independent consultants.

Director compensation                          page 48
Describes our approach to compensating directors, our expectations for share ownership and what we paid the directors in
2016.

Executive compensation                           page 52
A thorough discussion of what we pay the named executives
at Pembina and why, along with the results from 2016


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                        40
Executive summary

2016 named executives
· Michael (Mick) Dilger, President and CEO
· Scott Burrows, Vice President, Finance and CFO
· Paul Murphy, Senior Vice President, Pipeline and Crude Oil Facilities
· Stuart Taylor, Senior Vice President, NGL and Natural Gas Facilities
· Robert Lock, Vice President, Midstream - NGL

Pembina is a leading transportation and midstream service provider that has been serving North America's energy industry
for over 60 years.

We believe in staged, carefully managed growth that respects the interests and concerns of our stakeholders while
providing the pipelines and energy services our growing economy demands. We have a strong record of community
engagement, environmental stewardship and safe, reliable pipeline performance.

Our goal is to provide highly competitive and reliable returns through monthly dividends while enhancing the long-term
value of our shares.

Our executive compensation program is designed to link strategy, performance and compensation while building equity
ownership. This approach motivates our executives to keep the focus on long-term success and aligns compensation
awards with our shareholders’ interests.

You can read about the four components of our strategy and our compensation program starting on page 52.

2016 was a successful year
Despite continued uncertainty in our industry, Pembina had another very successful year: we continued to deliver stable
and growing financial and operational performance and set in motion plans to secure our next phase of growth, operated
safely and reliably and strengthened our relationships with the communities where we live, work and play.

In 2016, a number of new records were set from a financial and operating perspective. Revenue volumes in our Gas
Services business increased by 27% to 836 million cubic feet per day (MMcf/d) as a result of newly constructed facilities
and the acquisition of the Kakwa River plant. In our Conventional Pipelines business, revenue volumes increased by 6% to
650 thousand barrels per day (mbpd) as a result of previously completed expansions on key pipeline systems. These
increased volumes, further supported by newly commissioned assets across our operations, contributed to record adjusted
EBITDA of $1,189 million and cash flow per share of $2.78 (adjusted EBITDA and cash flow per share are non-GAAP
measures – see page 84 for details). Overall, Pembina placed approximately $1.7 billion of major projects into service
through 2016 and we were able to secure over $770 million of new growth to help continue driving long-term shareholder
value.

Another key highlight for 2016 was the announcement of the feasibility study for an Alberta-based integrated propane
dehydrogenation and polypropylene production facility and the project's conditional award of $300 million in royalty credits
under the Government of Alberta’s Petrochemicals Diversification Program.

We are also very proud to share that another zero lost-time employee injury year was achieved in 2016, which is the third
consecutive year of zero employee lost-time injuries. This illustrates that individual decisions on a daily basis add up to
extraordinary results. Pembina employees worked 2.9 million hours in 2016 and 8.1 million hours over the last three years.

2014-2016 Pay at a glance
The table below shows you the grant value of our Chief Executive Officer's compensation in each of the last three years
(since he was appointed to the role), and the realized and realizable value of those awards as of December 31, 2016, and
the same information for 2016 for the other named executive officers.

See pages 58 and 69 for more information about Mr. Dilger’s performance and compensation in 2016.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           41
Grant value includes base salary, the target annual incentive award (1.0x) and the grant value of the medium- and long-
term incentive awards for the calendar year, calculated on the date of grant.

Realizable pay includes base salary, the annual incentive award paid for the year, realized medium-and long-term incentive
awards (the payout of vested RSUs and PSUs, and the value of stock options exercised during the period), and the value
at December 31, 2016 of unrealized medium- and long-term incentive awards (RSUs and PSUs outstanding and in-the-
money stock options). We have estimated the realizable value of the 2015 and 2016 PSU grants using year-end 2016
financial forecasts.

Key performance measures and link to business strategy
The table below is a summary of the key performance measures that determine how our executives are paid.
Compensation increased in 2016 to recognize excellent performance against these measures, and to keep us in line with
our peers. You can find more details about the key performance measures and results starting on page 61.

You will find a complete discussion of what we paid our executives in 2016 and why starting on page 58, and a discussion
of each named executive’s compensation and accomplishments this year starting on page 69.

Performance measure Results                                                                Strategic link
Financial            · Adjusted cash flow from operating activities per share1 was Maintain a strong balance
                       $2.54, or approximately 5% above our target                         sheet
                     · EBITDA1 was $1,175 million, within approximately two percent of
                       our target
                     · Raised approximately $1.7 billion of capital in 2016 (including our
                       dividend reinvestment program)
Safety and           · Scored 1.8 on key measures                                          Implement growth in a safe
environment          · Had zero employee lost-time injuries, resulting in 36 consecutive and environmentally
                       months of zero employee lost-time injuries                          responsible way
Commercial and       · Secured approximately $770 million in new growth projects           Diversify our asset base to
operational          · Successfully and safely placed into service over $1.7 billion of enhance profitability
                       new fee-for-service projects
                     · Decreased capital spend by 27% from 2015 and achieved
                       performance that has been essentially on time and on budget
                       (approximately 6% under budget)
                     · Continued to make progress on significant additional growth
                       projects
Shareholder value    · Advanced our cost savings goal of over $200 million                 Enhance the long-term value
                     · Three-year total shareholder return (TSR) was 29.8% or 9.9% of our shares
                        lower than the median of our peer performance group
1 See About non-GAAP measures on page 84.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                         42
The board and senior management also made progress in building top talent and creating a strong leadership culture:
· maintained and updated succession plans for all executive level positions by identifying candidates and executing on
  development plans for key individuals;
· hired over 117 new employees;
· maintained a voluntary turnover rate of less than three percent, excluding retirements;
· filled approximately 60 positions with internal candidates in 2016, promoting several leaders in various parts of the
  organization as part of our development plans.

Compensation developments in 2016
The compensation committee assesses executive compensation and our performance against our peers every year to
make sure our compensation decisions are fair and in line with the market. This year, the committee made the following
changes to our compensation program.

Director compensation
· adopted a policy to pay directors who are U.S. residents in U.S. dollars, to make director compensation more
  competitive, and attract more U.S. directors to our board
· implemented the second phase of the increase in the board retainer approved in 2015.


Executive compensation
· adjusted the executive compensation peer group based on a study by Mercer (Canada) Limited (Mercer) (an
  independent compensation consultant), to better represent our size and complexity (see page 53).

Compensation changes for 2017
The committee reviews our compensation philosophy and practices every year with assistance from Mercer to make sure
compensation continues to be effective, is in line with what our peers are paying, is fair and reasonable, motivates our
management team, retains talent, and attracts and supports new talent when needed.

In 2017, the committee plans to:
· continue to evaluate executive compensation against our new peer group to ensure we remain competitive with our
  peers;
· review and make any necessary adjustments to the short-term incentive plan to reflect our size and complexity; and
· continue to review and make any necessary adjustments to the mix of RSUs, PSUs and options awarded to the
  executives.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                         43
Compensation governance

The board of directors has ultimate responsibility for compensation at Pembina. The human resources and compensation
committee assists the board in establishing and overseeing director and executive compensation, pension and benefit plan
design, CEO performance goals and assessment and executive officer succession planning. See page 36 for information
about the committee, its responsibilities and its activities in 2016.

Here’s where you can read about the key elements of our compensation program:
ü    Oversight by qualified, independent directors                                                         44
ü    Compensation aligned with risk management                                                             45
ü    Equity ownership and retention requirements                                                           46
ü    Advice from independent compensation experts                                                          47
ü    Compensation linked to performance and strategy                                                       52
ü    Compensation in line with peers                                                                       53
ü    A significant portion of compensation is deferred and at risk, encouraging a long-term
     view of shareholder value                                                                             58
ü    Incentive plan funding based on performance against targets linked to strategy, and
     performance compared to our peers                                                              59, 65, 67
ü    Cap on cash bonus                                                                                      59
ü    A disciplined process for making annual compensation decisions                                         55
ü    An extensive risk-assessment before compensation is finalized,
     including stress testing                                                                              45
ü    Clawback policy                                                                                       46
ü    Anti-hedging policy                                                                                   46

The human resources and compensation committee includes four directors, all of whom are independent. Each member
has worked in leadership roles and has broad industry knowledge. They also have a mix of experience in operations,
corporate strategy, executive compensation and financial matters. Together, they have the experience, skills and qualities
necessary to make sure the committee carries out its mandate effectively.

The table below shows the experience of the current members of the committee. The governance and nominating
committee looks at the mix of skills and experience every year to make sure it remains appropriate.

                             Related experience          Key biographical details
 Grant Billing (chair)1      · Executive leadership      · former energy industry president and CEO
                             · Human resources/          · has served as the chair and director of a number of public
                               compensation                 companies and as director and chair of the Canadian
                             · Corporate governance         Association of Petroleum Producers
                                                         · holds a bachelor’s degree in science and a Chartered
                                                            Accountants designation with over thirty years of experience
                                                            in senior energy company roles
                                                         · member of the committee since 2012
 Lorne Gordon                · Executive leadership      · former energy and pipeline president and CEO
 (see his biography on       · Human resources/          · held his Chartered Accountant Designation from 1971 until
 page 13)                    compensation                   2000
                             · Corporate governance      · has over 30 years of experience in senior executive roles
                                                         · member of the committee since 2015


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             44
                              Related experience           Key biographical details
 Gordon Kerr                  · Executive leadership       · former energy industry president and CEO
 (see his biography on        · Human resources/           · holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce and holds a
 page 14)                       compensation                  Chartered Accountants designation and recognition as a
                              · Corporate governance          fellow Chartered Accountant
                                                           · served as a director and chair of the Canadian Association of
                                                              Petroleum Producers and as a member of the Canadian
                                                              Council of Chief Executives
                                                           · member of the committee since 2015
 Leslie O'Donoghue            · Executive leadership       · Executive Vice President, Corporate Development & Strategy
 (see her biography on        · Human resources/              & Chief Risk Officer at Agrium Inc., a TSX and NYSE listed
 page 17)                       compensation                  public company
                              · Corporate governance       · holds a bachelor's degrees in economics and law
                                                           · member of the committee since 2012
1 Mr. Billing is not standing for re-election at the meeting and will be stepping down from the board effective on the meeting
 date. As such, he will also cease to be a member of the committee on the meeting date, and a new committee chair will
 be selected.

Managing compensation risk
The board is responsible for understanding the principal risks of our business and assessing the balance between risk and
potential return to help make sure we promote shareholder value over the long term. We use a broad-based, systematic
approach to identifying, assessing, reporting and managing the significant risks we face in our business and operations.
The risk management committee meets at least quarterly to review the performance, appropriateness and the current
business environment surrounding our risk management activities, and reports its findings to the human resources and
compensation committee.

Within this context, the human resources and compensation committee reviews and approves our compensation program
and practices to align executive compensation with our short and long-term goals, reflect financial, operating and share
performance, dividend payments and individual accomplishments and ensure that compensation aligns with the interest of
our shareholders, and encourages the right behaviour.

This includes, among other things:
· understanding the impact of operating and share price performance over a five-year period to assess the effect of
  different performance scenarios on future incentive payouts;
· using balanced measures, including qualitative and quantitative goals, to determine annual incentive compensation;
· incorporating time and performance vesting features in medium and long-term incentives;
· using target ranges for the annual and long-term incentive plans to make sure grants are effectively linked to actual
  performance and not unduly influenced by one-time events;
· capping the amount executives can receive under the short-term incentive plan and PSU plan; and
· having a balanced mix of short, medium and long-term compensation components to eliminate reliance on a single or a
  limited number of factors to determine potential awards and diversify potential reward scenarios.

The human resources and compensation committee also takes measures to prevent risks that could have a material
adverse effect on our company, through appropriate compensation governance measures, which include:
· building a strong governance culture and ensuring effective oversight;
· implementing share ownership guidelines and retention periods;
· prohibiting executives and directors from hedging equity awards and building in safeguards against insider trading;
· applying a consistent compensation structure for the CEO, executive officers and all employees;
· implementing a clawback policy that aligns with legislative requirements;
· requiring the full board to review and approve executive compensation recommendations; and
· engaging an independent compensation consultant to complete a compensation risk assessment, looking at pay mix,
  incentive plan funding, leverage and caps, performance measures, pay for performance, quantum of incentives, plan
  governance and risk mitigation.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             45
The committee also makes sure our compensation plans and employee benefit programs are administered according to
the laws and stock exchange policies that apply to us, and our compensation objectives. The board has not identified any
material risk in our compensation program or practices that have an adverse impact on the company.

Clawback policy
We recognize the importance of clawback provisions in promoting ethical conduct and strong compensation governance
practices. We have followed clawback policy developments over the past several years and introduced a clawback policy in
August 2015.

The clawback policy applies to all executive officers and requires repayment of:
· any incentive or equity-based compensation awarded based on incorrect data where we are required to restate our
  financial statements because of material non-compliance with any financial reporting requirement under any applicable
  securities laws
· incentive or equity-based compensation if the board finds an executive has committed fraud, a breach of fiduciary duty
  or willful or reckless misconduct.

The board can, at its sole discretion, use reasonable efforts to recover compensation paid or granted to the executive,
including cancelling unvested awards and recovering profits realized from trading Pembina securities.

Building equity ownership and retention
The committee believes executives and directors should show their commitment to Pembina by owning equity in the
company. The committee introduced share ownership guidelines on November 12, 2010 and revised them on October 8,
2013, and again for executives in 2014. The guidelines require executives and directors to own a certain multiple of their
base salary or retainer in common shares, RSUs or DSUs (ranging from 1x to 4x salary for executives, and 3x retainer for
directors). See page 49 to read about our guidelines for directors and page 52 for our guidelines for executives.

The employment agreements we have with the named executive officers (with the exception of Robert Lock who has an
older version of our employment agreement) require them to maintain their minimum share ownership for one year after
termination of the agreement, except if termination occurs as a result of a change of control or a constructive dismissal.

Anti-hedging
To keep executives and directors motivated to continue to build shareholder value, our insider trading and reporting policy
prohibits them from speculating in Pembina securities to reduce the price risk associated with any Pembina common
shares or other securities they hold (including buying securities on margin, short selling, selling call options or buying put
options).

Continuous improvement
The committee reviewed a number of regulatory developments and emerging best practices about executive compensation
this year, as part of its commitment to compensation best practices, and is once again providing shareholders with a say on
pay advisory vote.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             46
Independent advice
The committee has been working with Mercer since 2002 as its independent compensation consultant and retains Mercer
to review executive compensation and benefit programs and provide objective advice. Mercer reports directly and
exclusively to the committee, but may, at the committee's direction, work cooperatively with management to review or
prepare material for the committee to review.

The committee takes Mercer's information and recommendations into consideration, but the committee's decisions are its
own responsibility. Mercer has completed an independence test and demonstrated their independence to the human
resources and compensation committee's satisfaction.

Mercer's mandate in 2016 included:
· preparing information about market trends and issues;
· preparing benchmark market data for director and officer compensation;
· assessing the competitiveness of our compensation;
· attending each committee meeting including an in camera portion at each meeting; and
· preparing executive tally sheets and assessing the pay and performance relationship.

Mercer was paid the following fees for professional services in 2015 and 2016:

                                                                                                 2015            2016
($ thousands)                                                                                      ($)             ($)
Executive compensation-related fees                                                              118.5           162.3
Fees for services related to determining compensation for our directors and executive
officers
All other fees                                                                                   360.0           187.8
Fees for pension administration, actuarial valuation of our defined benefit pension plan and
general advice related to compensation and benefits, including renewal and repricing of
our benefit plans, an annual compensation survey and miscellaneous consulting services
related to employee compensation and human resources matters
The committee does not pre-approve these services
Total                                                                                            478.5           350.1

The committee reviewed Mercer against the following six factors and confirmed its independence for 2016:
· the other services Mercer provides to Pembina;
· Mercer's bills to Pembina as a percentage of Mercer's total revenues;
· Mercer’s policies and procedures to prevent conflicts of interest;
· whether the Mercer advisor has any business or personal relationships with a member of the compensation committee;
· whether the Mercer advisor, and his or her immediate family, own any Pembina shares; and
· whether Mercer or its advisor has any business or personal relationships with a Pembina executive officer.

Management may retain other advisors from time to time, if necessary.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                       47
Director compensation

We pay non-executive directors an annual retainer (in cash and equity), and a flat annual attendance fee for attending
board and committee meetings.

This comprehensive compensation package:
· acknowledges the expertise, time, due diligence and counsel that each director contributes to the board;
· aligns the near and long-term interests of directors with those of our shareholders; and
· is competitive with the market.

The President and CEO does not receive director compensation because he is compensated in his role as President and
CEO.

Director compensation package
In 2015, we revised our peer group to better align with our addition to the TSX 60, and director compensation was adjusted
to be in line with this new peer group, including increasing the board chair and member retainers, and changing the board
and committee meeting fee structure to a flat fee.

The board chair and member retainer fee increase was phased in over 2015 and 2016. The 2016 increase took effect
January 1, 2016 for the full year.

We revised our peer group again in 2016 – removing three smaller companies because we were slightly above P50
compared to the peer group (based on trailing 12-month revenue, adjusted EBITDA (see About non-GAAP measures on
page 84), market capitalization and enterprise value.

In 2016, we also adopted a policy to pay directors who are U.S. residents in U.S. dollars, to make director compensation
more competitive, and attract more U.S. directors to our board.

The table below shows our director fee schedule for 2015, 2016 and 2017.

                                                                           2015                2016                 2017
                                                                             ($)                ($)2                 ($)2
Retainers
Board chair         Annual retainer                                    290,0001             325,000             325,000
Board member        Annual retainer                                    142,5001             155,000             155,000
Committees          Audit committee chair retainer                      21,000               21,000              21,000
                    HRC committee chair retainer                        15,000               15,000              15,000
                    HSE committee chair retainer                        10,000               10,000              10,000
                    Governance and nominating
                    committee chair retainer                            10,000               10,000               10,000
                    Major capital projects committee chair
                    retainer                                            10,000               10,000                 n/a3
                    Audit committee member retainer                      7,500                7,500                7,500
                    Committee member retainer                            5,000                5,000                5,000
Fees
                    Board meeting attendance fee               10,000 (per year)1 10,000 (per year)     10,000 (per year)
                    Committee meeting attendance fee            7,500 (per year)1   7,500 (per year)     7,500 (per year)
1 The change took effect July 1, 2015 and directors received a prorated amount for the second half of the year.
2 Ms. Ainsworth is a U.S. resident and her fees are paid in U.S. dollars.
3 The major capital projects committee was discontinued effective February 2017 and no meetings were held in 2017.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                         48
In 2016, the equity portion of the retainer was paid in DSUs under our deferred share unit plan. You will find details about
the plan below.

Directors are required to take at least 40 percent of total director compensation, excluding meeting fees, as DSUs, to be
more closely aligned with our director compensation new peer group, and to help make sure directors can meet their share
ownership guideline within five years of joining the board. The rest of the compensation is paid in cash, quarterly in arrears.

A DSU is a notional share that has the same value as one Pembina common share. Its value changes with our share price.
DSUs do not have voting rights but they accrue dividends as additional DSUs, at the same rate as dividends paid on our
common shares. DSUs vest when they are credited to the director's account, but are only paid out after the director retires
from the board (and must be redeemed within a year of retirement). The amount the director receives on redemption is
calculated by multiplying the number of DSUs he or she holds (including credited dividend equivalents) by the weighted
average trading price of common shares on the TSX for the last five trading days before the redemption date.

Compensation in line with our peers
To make sure we can attract and retain talented directors, we compensate them in a way that is fair and competitive,
targeting compensation at the median offered by our director compensation peer group.

The committee engages outside consultants every year to compare our director compensation practices and levels with
companies we compete with for talent. These include companies from the oil and gas and energy utilities sectors that are
comparable in scope, measured by annual revenue, market capitalization, total assets, enterprise value and number of
employees. The committee engaged Mercer for this in July 2016, and a policy to pay directors who are U.S. residents in
U.S. dollars was recommended and adopted.

Based on Mercer's study, we also revised our peer group to remove Veresen Inc., Gibson Energy Inc. and TransAlta Corp.
because they are much smaller and are not TSX 60 companies.

The 2016 director compensation peer group now includes 14 publicly-listed companies from the oil and gas and energy
utility sectors. These are the same 14 companies that make up the executive compensation peer group for 2016.

Oil and Gas – pipeline/midstream            Oil and Gas – exploration and production         Utilities
AltaGas Ltd.                                ARC Resources                                    ATCO Ltd.
Enbridge Inc.                               Canadian Natural Resources                       Emera Inc.
Inter Pipeline Ltd.                         Cenovus Energy Inc.                              Fortis Inc.
Keyera Corp.                                Crescent Point Energy Corporation
TransCanada Corp.                           Encana Corp.
                                            Husky Energy Inc.

Building equity ownership
We believe directors should be aligned with the interests of shareholders and show their commitment to Pembina by
owning equity, so we introduced share ownership guidelines in 2010.

Non-management directors must own three times their annual board retainer in common shares or DSUs by November 12,
2015, at least 50 percent of which must be in common shares.

New directors must meet the guidelines within five years from the date of their appointment. The table below shows the
equity holdings of the nominated directors as of the date of this circular. As of the date of this circular, all of the directors
were in compliance with the guidelines. If Mr. Rubin is elected to the board, he will have five years from the date of his
election (May 5, 2017) to meet the guidelines.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                49
                                                     Value of                       Estimated          Share
                                                    common          Value of     total value of    ownership      Meets share
                                  Number of          shares1         DSUs2     equity holdings      guideline      ownership
                             common shares                ($)            ($)                ($)            ($)     guidelines
Randall Findlay3                     136,299       5,860,857        326,069          6,186,926       975,000              yes
Anne-Marie Ainsworth4          19,018(NYSE)          818,230        173,548            991,778       619,194              yes
Lorne Gordon                         371,553      15,976,779        466,464         16,443,243       465,000              yes
Gordon Kerr                            8,400         361,200        433,827            795,027       465,000              yes
David LeGresley                       56,006       2,408,258        468,098          2,876,356       465,000              yes
Robert Michaleski                    464,732      19,983,476        213,753         20,197,229       465,000              yes
Leslie O'Donoghue                     30,288       1,302,384        369,671          1,672,055       465,000              yes
Bruce Rubin4                               -                -              -                  -      619,194               n/a
Jeffrey Smith                          9,970         428,710        376,981            805,691       465,000              yes
1 Calculated using $43.00 per share (the closing price of our common shares on the TSX on March 15, 2017).
2 DSU value is estimated at $43.00 per share (the closing price of our common shares on the TSX on March 15, 2017).
3 Mr. Findlay’s share ownership guideline reflects his appointment to Board chair on April 1, 2014.
4 Ms. Ainsworth and Mr. Rubin are U.S. residents. Ms. Ainsworth’s fees are paid in U.S. dollars. If he is elected to the
  board, Mr. Rubin’s fees will also be paid in U.S. dollars. To be consistent with the guidelines, Ms. Ainsworth's and Mr.
  Rubin’s equity ownership requirements are also in U.S. dollars, and converted into Canadian dollars using the noon
  exchange rate of 1.3316 on March 16, 2017 . The value of their common shares is calculated using US$32.31 per share
  (the closing price of our common shares on the NYSE on March 15, 2017) and converted into Canadian dollars using
  the noon exchange rate of 1.3316 on March 16, 2017.

Director summary compensation table
The table below shows the value of all compensation paid to directors in 2016.

                                                               Total fees Share-based             All other             Total
                                                                 earned1         awards2 compensation compensation
                                                                       ($)             ($)               ($)               ($)
Randall Findlay (chair)                                          216,000          144,000                  -          360,000
Anne-Marie Ainsworth3                                            182,248           77,000                  -          259,248
Grant Billing 4                                                           -       202,500                  -          202,500
Gordon Kerr                                                               -       192,500                  -          192,500
Lorne Gordon                                                              -       207,500                  -          207,500
David LeGresley                                                           -       206,000                  -          206,000
Robert Michaleski                                                 95,000           95,000                  -          190,000
Leslie O'Donoghue                                                 48,750          146,250                  -          195,000
Jeffrey Smith                                                             -       195,000                  -          195,000
Total                                                            611,982        1,465,750                  -        2,014,920
1 All fees awarded, earned, paid or payable in cash, for services in 2016.
2 The fair value of DSUs granted to the directors for 2016, estimated using $29.71 per share (the volume-weighted
  average trading price of our common shares on the TSX for the last 20 trading days in 2015). We used the intrinsic value
  method at the date of the grant to calculate fair value, which is also how we account for the compensation cost of the
  deferred share unit plan for accounting purposes. DSUs are paid out when a director retires from the board and
  redeemed for cash using the weighted average of the closing price of common shares on the TSX for the last five trading
  days before the redemption date.
3 Ms. Ainsworth is a U.S. resident and her fees are paid in U.S. dollars. The amount shown for fees is converted into
  Canadian dollars using the noon exchange rate of 1.3316 on March 16, 2017. The value of share-based awards is
  converted into Canadian dollars using the exchange rate on December 31, 2015.
4 Mr. Billing is not standing for re-election at the meeting and will be stepping down from the board effective on the
  meeting date.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                              50
Incentive plan awards
The table below shows the value of RSUs granted for 2014 that vested in 2016 and the dividend units they earned to
December 31, 2016. You can find details of our share unit plan on page 82. 2014 was the last year for which RSUs were
granted to directors, after which the directors received only DSUs as equity-based compensation. We calculated the payout
at $41.18 per share (the volume-weighted average trading price of our common shares on the TSX for the last 20 trading
days in 2016).

                                                       Value of RSUs that vested
                                                                  during the year
                                                                                 ($)
Randall Findlay (chair)                                                    157,678
Anne-Marie Ainsworth1                                                        27,879
Grant Billing 2                                                             111,680
Gordon Kerr3                                                                       0
Lorne Gordon                                                                111,680
David LeGresley                                                             111,680
Robert Michaleski                                                           111,680
Leslie O'Donoghue                                                           111,680
Jeffrey Smith                                                               111,680
1 Ms. Ainsworth was appointed to the board on October 1, 2014.
2 Mr. Billing is not standing for re-election at the meeting and will be stepping down from the board effective on the
  meeting date.
3 Mr. Kerr was appointed to the board on January 15, 2015 and as such he has not received RSUs as compensation.

The table below shows all DSUs held by directors as at December 31, 2016. We do not grant options to directors.

We estimate the value of DSUs awarded at $41.96 per share (the closing price of our common shares on the TSX on
December 31, 2016).

                                                                      Vested share-based
                                                   Number of DSUs                 awards
                                                          awarded                     ($)
Randall Findlay (chair)                                      7,583               318,183
Anne-Marie Ainsworth                                         4,036               169,351
Grant Billing1                                              10,680               448,133
Gordon Kerr                                                 10,089               423,334
Lorne Gordon                                                10,848               455,182
David LeGresley                                             10,886               456,777
Robert Michaleski                                            4,971               208,583
Leslie O'Donoghue                                            8,597               360,730
Jeffrey Smith                                                8,767               367,863
1 Mr. Billing is not standing for re-election at the meeting and will be stepping down from the board effective on the
  meeting date.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           51
Executive compensation

Our corporate strategy
Pembina is a leading transportation and midstream service provider that has been serving North America's energy industry
for over 60 years. Pembina is structured into four businesses units: Conventional Pipelines, Oil Sands and Heavy Oil, Gas
Services, and Midstream.

We believe in staged, carefully managed growth that respects the interests and concerns of our stakeholders while
providing the pipelines and energy services our growing economy demands. We have a strong record of community
engagement, environmental stewardship and safe, reliable performance.

Our goal is to provide highly competitive and reliable returns through monthly dividends while enhancing the long-term
value of our shares.

Our strategy has four components:
1. Preserve value by providing safe, responsible, cost-effective and reliable services.
2. Diversify our asset base along the hydrocarbon value chain by providing integrated service offerings that enhance
   profitability.
3. Pursue projects or assets that are expected to generate increased cash flow per share and capture long-life, economic
   hydrocarbon reserves.
4. Maintain a strong balance sheet through the application of prudent financial management to all business decisions.

Our compensation strategy
Our executive compensation links strategy, performance and compensation while building equity ownership. This approach
motivates our executives, rewards our shareholders and keeps the focus on our long-term success.

We align pay with strategy and performance by:
· making the majority of executive compensation variable and linked to performance;
· using performance measures that are directly tied to our corporate strategy and support our growth;
· linking the payout of our performance-based medium-term incentive to our performance relative to our peers; and
· paying compensation out over time, to take into account the multi-year development horizons of our major energy
  infrastructure projects.

See page 61 for information about the performance measures we use in our incentive plans and how these are linked to
our strategic priorities.

We also review the program every year to make sure it continues to be effective, is in line with what our peers are paying,
is fair and reasonable, motivates our current team and attracts new talent when needed.

Building equity ownership
We have share ownership guidelines for executives because we believe owning Pembina shares demonstrates their
commitment to the company.

Executives must own, directly or indirectly, a multiple of their base salary in common shares and/or RSUs. The following
table shows the required multiple, which increases by level of responsibility. At least 50 percent of the share ownership
requirement must be in common shares. Executives who are appointed to a position that has a higher share ownership
requirement have five years from the date of their new appointment to meet the guidelines.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                          52
All named executives are required to hold the shares for one year after leaving the company (except Robert Lock, who has
an older form of executive employment agreement).

The table below shows the equity ownership guidelines and the holdings of each named executive as of the date of this
circular. As of this date, four of the named executives have already met the guidelines, as amended, and the fifth is on
track to meet them within the five year grace period.

                                                                                           Estimated
                                        Required                  Value of                total value        Share         Meets
                                    ownership as     Number of   common          Value      of equity    ownership         share
                                     a multiple of    common      shares1    of RSUs2       holdings      guideline    ownership
                                      base salary       shares         ($)          ($)            ($)           ($)   guidelines
Michael Dilger
President and CEO                          4x      240,000    10,320,000   594,876   10,914,876  3,200,000            yes
Scott Burrows3
Vice President, Finance and CFO            2x        7,421       319,103   408,271      727,374    740,000       on track
Stuart Taylor
Senior Vice President, NGL and Natural
Gas Facilities                             2x       15,754       677,422   371,893    1,049,315    880,000            yes
Paul Murphy
Senior Vice President, Pipeline and Crude
Oil Facilities                             2x       15,684       674,412   371,893    1,046,305    880,000            yes
Robert Lock
Vice President, Midstream - NGL            1x       16,795       722,185   388,276    1,110,461    360,000            yes
1 Calculated at $43.00 per common share (the closing price on the TSX on March 15, 2017).
2 Estimated at $43.00 per common share (the closing price on the TSX on March 15, 2017). You can find details about our
  share unit plan on page 82. This number includes all RSUs outstanding as of March 16, 2017.
3 Mr. Burrows has five years from the date of his appointment on January 1, 2015 to meet the guidelines.

Compensation in line with our peers
To make sure executive compensation is fair and competitive, we benchmark our compensation against a peer group of
companies we compete with for talent.

The committee reviews an annual compensation survey provided by Mercer and compensation data published in other
management information circulars and then, in consultation with Mercer, chooses a list of companies from the oil and gas
and energy utilities sectors that are comparable in scope, measured by annual revenue, market capitalization, total assets,
enterprise value and number of employees.

From this list, the committee creates two peer groups:
· the compensation peer group, which is a combination of the companies in the Mercer survey and other companies
  whose management information circulars are reviewed. Data from these companies is used to set base salary, total cash
  compensation and total direct compensation. It includes companies from the oil and gas and energy utilities sectors; and
· the performance peer group, which is mostly a sub-set of the public companies in the compensation peer group, is used
  to assess our relative corporate performance when paying out performance share units (PSUs) under our medium-term
  incentive plan, at the end of the performance period.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                53
The table below shows the 2016 compensation peer group and the performance peer group. In 2016, our compensation
peer group was revised to remove Veresen Inc., Gibson Energy Inc. and TransAlta Corp. because they are much smaller
and are not TSX 60 companies. Gibson and Veresen still form part of our performance peer group.

                                                                                 Performance peer group
                                      NEO compensation peer group                (used to determine our relative total
                                      (used to set target compensation, base shareholder return (TSR) and to calculate
                                      salaries and target short-term incentives) the PSU multiplier (see pages 65 and 67)
Oil and Gas – pipeline/midstream      Circular data
  AltaGas Ltd.                        x                                          x
  Enbridge Inc.                       x                                          x
  Enbridge Income Fund                                                           x
  Gibson Energy Inc.                                                             x
  Inter Pipeline Ltd.                 x                                          x
  Keyera Corp.                        x                                          x
  TransCanada Corp.                   x                                          x
  Valener Inc.                                                                   x
  Veresen Inc.                                                                   x
Oil & Gas – exploration and
production
  ARC Resources                       x
  Canadian Natural Resources          x
  Cenovus Energy Inc.                 x
  Crescent Point Energy Corporation   x
  Encana Corp.                        x
  Husky Energy Inc.                   x
Utilities
  ATCO Ltd.                           x
  Canadian Utilities Limited                                                    x
  Emera Inc.                          x                                         x
  Fortis Inc.                         x                                         x
Total                                 14                                        12

The committee also refers to the survey data of similar companies in the sector as necessary when benchmarking
compensation for the Vice Presidents, to be sure the sample size is large enough.

The table below shows how we compared to our compensation peer group on some of the key criteria as of June 30, 2016.

annual revenue                     between the 25th percentile and median
total assets                       between the 25th percentile and median
market capitalization              between the median and the 75th percentile
enterprise value                   between the median and the 75th percentile
3-year TSR                         between the median and the 75th percentile
adjusted EBITDA                    between the median and the 75th percentile


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                        54
Compensation process


 Establish           In February of each year, management recommends to the committee for review and approval:
 performance         · qualitative and quantitative corporate, business unit and individual performance goals for the
 goals                  short-term incentive plan; and
                     · quantitative performance goals for the performance share units under the medium-term incentive
                        plan.

                     Performance goals include the core commercial, financial, safety and operational objectives in our
                     strategic plan, which is prepared by the executives and approved by the board. This includes the
                     CEO’s performance goals.

                     The committee reviews and, in conjunction with management, modifies as required, and approves
                     the performance goals.


 Review              Before the end of November every year, the committee:
 competitiveness     · carries out an annual benchmarking review of total compensation, with the help of its independent
                        consultant;
                     · establishes a compensation peer group to use as a reference point for assessing compensation
                        competitiveness; and
                     · establishes a performance peer group used as part of the performance vesting conditions for the
                        performance share units under the long-term incentive plan.


 Recommend           Plan design
 compensation        Management reviews our compensation and benefit programs and makes recommendations to the
 plan design         committee for review and approval in February of each year. The committee recommends to the
 changes and         board any changes to the compensation program.
 target total
 compensation        Target compensation
                     The CEO makes recommendations to the committee for target total compensation and
                     compensation mix for each executive. The committee, with input from its independent consultant:
                     · reviews the CEO's compensation recommendations for executives;
                     · determines target total compensation and compensation mix for the CEO;
                     · recommends to the board target total compensation and compensation mix for the year for the
                        CEO and executives. Target total compensation is usually set at the 50th percentile of the
                        compensation peer group, but the board can use its judgment to set it between the 25th and 75th
                        percentile depending on the skill, competency and experience of each senior executive; and
                     · determines if any plan changes are required.


 Assess              At the end of each year, management prepares an analysis of corporate performance against the
 corporate           approved performance goals.
 performance
                     The committee:
                     · reviews management's analysis;
                     · consults with external advisors;
                     · reviews our performance against the performance peer group;
                     · considers the results in the context of market and economic conditions, extraordinary internal and
                        market-related occurrences and other extenuating circumstances; and
                     · approves funding of the short-term incentive and medium-term incentive based on results.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                            55
 Determine           The CEO makes recommendations to the committee on each element of compensation for each
 compensation        executive based on corporate, business unit and individual performance, and may seek input from
                     other officers about the employees who report to each of them.

                     The committee, with input from its independent consultant, determines total compensation and
                     each element of compensation for the CEO and reviews the CEO's recommendations regarding
                     executives.

                     The committee's recommendations and review are based on the following:
                     · recommendations from the CEO;
                     · performance against corporate and business unit goals;
                     · individual experience, individual performance, internal pay equity, development and/or succession
                        status, and other individual or organizational circumstances;
                     · competitiveness of total compensation, based on our corporate performance; and
                     · the proportion of each compensation component relative to total compensation, with the
                        expectation that executives should have the highest amount and proportion of compensation at
                        risk.

                     While the short, medium and long-term incentive plans include specific calculations to determine
                     compensation eligibility, the committee believes that the rigid application of fixed formulas can result
                     in unduly high or low rewards. The committee can therefore use its judgment to respond to
                     unexpected developments in the energy sector and internal and market-related events to make
                     compensation decisions it believes are appropriate, using the compensation peer group as a
                     guideline.


 Finalize            The committee, with input from its independent consultant:
 compensation        · prepares a report for the board that explains the factors and criteria its compensation
 awards                recommendations are based on, including the relationship of corporate performance to
                       compensation and how compensation supports our strategy and the achievement of our
                       corporate objectives; and
                     · presents its recommendations to the board for approval.

                     The board can also use its judgment to respond to developments, using the compensation peer
                     group as a guideline.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             56
Compensation elements
Our executive compensation program includes fixed and variable compensation, as well as a competitive package of
benefits.

We generally target total direct compensation (salary plus incentives) at the 50th percentile of our peer group, but the
board can use its judgment to set targets between 25th and 75th percentile depending on the skill, competency and
experience of each senior executive.

                                                                                                       Performance
                  Component        Objective              Form                                         period
Fixed             Base salary      Compensate executives · cash                                        ongoing
compensation                       for performing day-to-
                                   day responsibilities

Variable          Short-term       Motivate executives to     · annual cash bonus                      one year
compensation      incentive        meet annual corporate,
                                   business unit and
                                   individual goals

                  Medium-term      Align compensation       · RSUs                                     three years
                  incentive        with medium-term         · PSUs                                     (RSUs vest 1/3
                                   corporate performance                                               each year,
                                   and the interests of                                                PSUs vest
                                   shareholders                                                        after three
                                                                                                       years)


                  Long-term        Align compensation    · stock options                               seven years
                  incentive        with long-term                                                      (stock options
                                   corporate performance                                               vest over three
                                   and the interests of                                                years)
                                   shareholders

Other             Benefits         Provide market           · group life, accidental death and         ongoing
compensation                       competitive benefits        dismemberment, disability and
                                                               extended health and dental insurance
                                                            · savings plan (Pembina matches
                                                               employee contributions to a maximum
                                                               of 5 percent of annual salary)
                                                            · non-taxable health spending account or
                                                               taxable wellness spending account

                  Pension          Provide market           · defined benefit plan                     ongoing
                  (see page 75)    competitive benefits     · defined contribution plan


                  Perquisites      Provide market           · select perquisites to offset expenses,   ongoing
                                   competitive benefits        the cost of business meetings and
                                                               relationship management, including a
                                                               car allowance, parking and business
                                                               club memberships



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                       57
Compensation mix
The committee determines the mix of components every year based on its review of competitive data, consistent with our
overall compensation philosophy and its own judgment.

The graphs below show the 2016 target total direct compensation mix for the CEO and an average for our other named
executives. The short, medium and long-term incentives are considered to be at risk because their value is based on
specific performance criteria and payout is not guaranteed.

This year 80 percent of the CEO’s target total direct compensation and an average of 69 percent for the other named
executives was at risk, directly aligning corporate, business unit and individual performance with the interests of
shareholders.


2016 Compensation
The board reviewed Pembina's 2016 performance, analysis and recommendations of the human resources and
compensation committee, and approved the following decisions on executive pay.

Total direct compensation
The table below shows total direct compensation paid or granted to the named executives for 2016, compared to 2015.
Total direct compensation includes earned base salary, short-term incentive awards, and the grant value of medium and
long-term incentive awards. See below for a discussion of each component.

See page 69 for a discussion of each named executive’s accomplishments this year.

Value of direct compensation received

                                                          2015          20161      Change 2016 amount at risk
Michael Dilger
President and CEO                               $ 3,513,269 $ 4,459,167                26.9%                   80%
Scott Burrows
Vice President, Finance and CFO                 $ 1,092,515 $ 1,375,579                25.9%                   70%
Stuart Taylor
Senior Vice President, NGL and Natural Gas
Facilities                                      $ 1,497,540 $ 1,618,975                  8.1%                  70%
Paul Murphy
Senior Vice President, Pipeline and Crude Oil
Facilities                                      $ 1,498,258 $ 1,603,855                  7.0%                  70%
Robert Lock
Vice President, Midstream - NGL                 $ 1,019,873 $ 1,153,573                13.1%                   67%
1 See the summary compensation table on page 73 for information about how we calculate the value of RSUs, PSUs and
  options.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                     58
Base salary
Base salaries are reviewed annually and set based on market conditions, individual performance, level of responsibility,
retention and internal equity considerations.

The following table shows each named executive’s annual base salary at the end of the year. Mr. Dilger's and Mr. Burrows'
salaries increased because of their progression in their roles, and to further align their salaries with our compensation
philosophy of paying at the fiftieth percentile (P50) of our compensation peer group.

                                                                                   2015            2016        Change
Michael Dilger
President and CEO                                                         $     675,000   $     800,000            18.5%
Scott Burrows
Vice President, Finance and CFO                                           $     330,000   $     370,000            12.1%
Stuart Taylor
Senior Vice President, NGL and Natural Gas Facilities                     $     420,000   $     440,000             4.8%
Paul Murphy
Senior Vice President, Pipeline and Crude Oil Facilities                  $     420,000   $     440,000             4.8%
Robert Lock
Vice President, Midstream - NGL                                           $     350,000   $     360,000             2.9%

Short-term incentive
Short-term incentive awards are granted based on our performance against annual corporate, business unit and individual
objectives tied to our core strategy.

The award is calculated as a percentage of base salary. It can be as low as 0, and has a cap based on level. The target is
market competitive and depends on the responsibility of the role.

                                                   Potential short-term incentive
                                                 award as a percentage of salary
                                           minimum          target           cap
Michael Dilger                                   0            100            200
Scott Burrows                                    0              60           120
Stuart Taylor                                    0              60           120
Paul Murphy                                      0              60           120
Robert Lock                                      0              50           100

We calculate each award by multiplying the named executive's short-term incentive target by their salary and performance
multiplier (different for each named executive and can range from 0 to 2).

Each performance multiplier is calculated based on performance against corporate, business unit and individual goals that
are set at the beginning of each year, using the weightings shown in the formula below.
· corporate performance objectives are tied to the core financial, safety and environment, and commercial and operational
  goals in our strategic plan. You will find a discussion of this year’s targets and results on page 61.
· business unit and individual goals and multipliers are also tied to our strategy, but are not publicly disclosed for
  competitive reasons. You can read about each named executive’s business unit and individual performance starting on
  page 69.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                         59
                                                              Named executive's
                                                              performance
                         Short-term                           multiplier
                                                                                              Short-term
Base salary          x   incentive target             x                                  =
                                                                                              incentive award
                                                              different for each
                                                              executive - capped
                                                              at 2.0



                                                    Corporate                      Business unit             Individual
                                                                        +                              +
                                                    objectives                     objectives                objectives
      Michael Dilger
                                                    80%                            -                         20%
      President and CEO
      Scott Burrows
                                                    40%                            30%                       30%
      Vice President, Finance & CFO
      Stuart Taylor
      Senior Vice President,                        40%                            40%                       20%
      NGL and Natural Gas Facilities
      Paul Murphy
      Senior Vice President,                        40%                            40%                       20%
      Pipeline and Crude Oil Facilities
      Robert Lock
                                                    40%                            30%                       30%
      Vice President, Midstream - NGL

The committee may use its judgment to adjust the performance multiplier up or down based on factors that are not
captured in the formal measures. For example, a decision to complete a certain acquisition or business deal may have
longer-term strategic benefits that are not captured in the short-term performance measures. The committee didn't exercise
discretion in 2016.

2016 short-term incentive award
The table below shows how we calculated each executive’s short-term incentive award for 2016.

                                                                                                   Named
                                                                        Short-term            executive’s            Short-term
                                                                         incentive           performance              incentive
                                                 Base salary                target              multiplier               award
Michael Dilger
President and CEO                               $         800,000   x          100%      x          1.600      = $ 1,280,000
Scott Burrows
Vice President, Finance & CFO                   $         370,000   x              60%   x          1.643      = $     364,746
Stuart Taylor
Senior Vice President, NGL and Natural Gas
Facilities                                      $         440,000   x              60%   x          1.562      = $     412,368
Paul Murphy
Senior Vice President, Pipeline and Crude Oil
Facilities                                      $         440,000   x              60%   x          1.507      = $     397,848
Robert Lock
Vice President, Midstream - NGL                 $         360,000   x              50%   x          1.418      = $     255,240


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                               60
How we calculated the corporate performance multiplier
The 2016 corporate performance multiplier was based on our performance in four categories: financial, safety and
environment, business development and project delivery. The multiplier for each measure, and the corporate performance
multiplier, are each calculated out of a maximum of 2.


 20%                      +    42%                        +    15%                     +     23%                              =      2016
 Safety and                    Financial                       Business                      Project delivery                        corporate
 environment                   measures                        development                   measures                                performance
 measures                                                      measures                                                              multiplier
                               Performance                                                   Performance multiplier
 Performance                   multiplier                      Performance                   1.67 X 23% = 0.38                       1.55
 multiplier                    1.338 X 42% =                   multiplier
 1.8 X 20% = 0.36              0.56                            1.64 X 15% =
                                                               0.25


The table below summarizes our performance in each category in 2016. Scores range from 0 for performance below
threshold, to a maximum of 2. Performance within a range of target achieves a score between 0 and 2. The total score in
each category reflects the aggregate scores achieved across all business units (oil sands & heavy oil; conventional
pipelines; gas services; midstream – NGL; midstream – crude).

                     Performance area       Key measures                                   Performance highlights       Score          Total score
 Safety and          General (culture,      Performance against Canadian Energy            Outperformed on all key      Outperform
 environment         training, follow up)   Pipeline (CEPA) benchmarks                     measures.
 measures            – leading indicator

 20%                 Occupational and       · Employee lost-time injuries                  Zero employee lost-time      Outperform
                     vehicle (employee      · Pembina reportable injuries                  injuries in 2016, leading
 Each                and third party        · Motor vehicle at fault incidents             to 36 consecutive months
 performance area    contractor) –                                                         of zero employee lost
 is weighted         lagging indicator                                                     time injuries.
 evenly.
                                                                                           Our contractor lost-time
 Within each                                                                               injury goal was not met in
 performance                                                                               2016.
 area, results are
 tracked for each    Pipeline, vessel       · Pipeline integrity – dig program             We conducted more than       Outperform
 business unit       integrity, and         · Facility integrity – tanks and vessels       double the target number
 (weighted evenly)   ground                                                                of ground disturbance                            1.8
                                              inspection
 and for the         disturbance -                                                         audits, and execution of
                                            · Ground disturbance incidents
 company overall      leading indicator                                                    ground disturbance
 and weighted:                              · Ground disturbance audits
                                                                                           activity remained strong.
 · 25% corporate
    performance      Environment –          · Significant environmental incidents          No significant               Outperform
 · 75% business      lagging indicator      · Commodity product spills                     environmental failure
    unit                                                                                   incidents.
    performance
    (average)        Emergency              · Emergency response preparedness              Developed Pembina's          Outperform
                     preparedness –           exercises                                    lifesaving rules and
                     leading indicator      · Pipeline leak simulations                    Pembina is one of only
                                                                                           two CEPA companies to
                                                                                           fully verify at our
                                                                                           emergency management
                                                                                           self-assessment level.




Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                                       61
                    Performance area     Key measures                                     Performance highlights                  Total score
 Financial          EBITDA1              Target corporate EBITDA:                         Overall corporate EBITDA was
 measures                                $1,154 million                                   $1,175 million, or 1.8% above target.
                                         · Scores range between 0 to 2 within +/- 8%
 42%                                       of target                                      EBITDA from the 6 components was
                                                                                          as follows:
                                                                                          · Oil sands and heavy oil – exceeded
                                         EBITDA from the following six components         · Conventional pipelines – exceeded
                                         are weighted evenly, to equal 42%:               · Gas services – exceeded
                                         · Oil sands and heavy oil – 7%                   · Midstream – NGL – under target             1.338
                                         · Conventional pipelines – 7%                    · Midstream – crude – under target
                                         · Gas services – 7%                              · Corporate, general and
                                         · Midstream – NGL – 7%                             administrative, not including
                                         · Midstream – crude – 7%                           incentives – exceeded
                                         · Corporate, general and administrative, not
                                           including incentives – 7%

 Business           Projects that will   Finalize and sign binding agreements for $750    We announced approximately $770
 development        increase our         million in new large-scale business              million in new growth and made
 measures           adjusted EBITDA      development projects                             significant headway that exceeded
                    per share over the                                                    target on projects announced in 2015,
 15%                medium and long                                                       despite difficult market conditions.
                    term, in line with                                                    Other significant developments:
                    our business plan                                                     · Kakwa Gas Processing Complex
                                                                                          · Field Hub supporting Duvernay I
                                                                                          · Feasibility study for potential            1.64
                                                                                            propane dehydrogenation and
                                                                                            polypropylene production facility
                                                                                          · Progressed infrastructure
                                                                                            development and service
                                                                                            agreement with a major customer,
                                                                                            which was subsequently
                                                                                            announced on February 16, 2017

 Project delivery   Project execution    Execute 2016 major capital projects materially   We executed on a comparable but
 measures           and delivery         on time and on budget.                           slightly smaller capital program in
                                                                                          2016 ($1.7 billion compared to $1.9
 23%                                     Projects are selected at the beginning of        billion in 2015)
                                         2016, and each project is weighted based on
                                         its target cost as a percentage of the total     Project performance:
                                         target cost for all selected projects.           · Projects were approximately 6%             1.67
                                                                                            below budget, compared to 1%
                                         Performance for each project is assessed:          below budget in 2015
                                         · 60% on budget performance                      · Projects were completed materially
                                         · 40% on time performance                          on time


1 See About non-GAAP measures on page 84.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                                  62
Medium and long-term incentives
Our business involves major commercial ventures and strategies that are typically developed over three to five years.
Medium and long-term incentives are a key part of how we attract high performing executives in a highly competitive sector
and motivate them to stay. They are designed to promote a proprietary interest in Pembina, encourage sustainable
contributions that are more likely to maximize shareholder value over a longer period of time. They focus management on
operating and financial performance, long-term shareholder value and our strategic goals.

Medium and long-term incentives are granted based on each executive’s target total direct compensation as a percentage
of base salary, and are set using competitive market data about our peer group.

The table below summarizes our current medium and long-term incentive plans. You will find more information about the
medium and long-term incentive plans on page 80.

                 Medium-term incentive: share unit plan             Long-term incentive: stock option plan
 Purpose         Align compensation with the medium-term nature     Align compensation with the longer-term nature of
                 of some of our projects.                           some of our projects.

                 Reward participants for growth in the medium-      Reward participants for growth in the long-term
                 term financial performance of the company and      trading price of our common shares.
                 total shareholder return compared to peers.
                                                                    Retention tool.
                 Retention tool.
 Eligibility     Executive officers                                 Executive officers
                 Employees                                          Employees

 Award           RSUs (not granted to directors after 2014)         Options to buy common shares
                 PSUs (not available to directors)                  (up to the limits listed on page 80)

                 RSUs and PSUs do not have voting rights and        Options cannot be assigned or transferred.
                 cannot be assigned or transferred.
 Frequency       Granted every year                                 Granted every year
                                                                    Issued on one or more days during the year as
                                                                    specified at the time of the grant.
                                                                    Previous year's grants are not taken into account
                                                                    when considering new grants.
 Term            Three years                                        Seven years

 Dividends       RSUs and PSUs earn dividend equivalents every      None
                 year in the form of dividend units.

 Vesting         RSUs                                               Options vest 1/3 per year over three years, starting
                 All RSUs granted to executive officers and         on the first anniversary of the day they are issued.
                 employees vest:
                 · 1/3 vest on December 31 of the year granted;
                 · 1/3 vest on December 31 of the second
                   anniversary; and
                 ·    1/3 vest on December 31 of the third
                   anniversary.

                 All RSUs granted to directors vest at the end of
                 three years.

                 PSUs
                 Vest when performance vesting conditions have
                 been met at the end of three years. See below
                 for details.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             63
                 Medium-term incentive: share unit plan               Long-term incentive: stock option plan
 Payout          Paid out in cash as soon as possible after           Each option that vests can be used to buy one
                 vesting.                                             Pembina common share. The exercise price will be
                                                                      at least the volume-weighted average trading price
                 Each unit that vests (including dividend units) is   of our common shares on the TSX in the five days
                 worth the fair market value of one common share      immediately before the options are issued.
                 at the time of vesting, calculated using the
                 weighted average trading price of our common
                 shares on the TSX for the 20 trading days before
                 the vesting date.


2016 medium and long-term incentive awards
The table below shows the medium and long-term incentives granted for 2016. Incentives were all granted at target, which
is a percentage of base salary based on market data about our peer group.

It includes the number of RSUs, PSUs and stock options granted, along with their expected value at payout, assuming the
performance targets for the PSUs have been met. We calculate the number of stock options granted by dividing the value
of the stock option award (in the table above) by the Black-Scholes value at the time of grant. See the summary
compensation table on page 73 for the detailed calculation.

                                                   Medium and
                                                     long-term         Medium and                         Allocation
                                                      incentive          long-term           Medium-term Long-term
                                 Base salary             target           incentive             incentive  incentive
                                       ($)               (%)                   grant    RSUs 1     PSUs 1  Options2
Michael Dilger                  $ 800,000 x              300% = $          2,400,000     8,078     40,390    340,430
President and CEO                                                                    $ 240,000 $1,200,000 $ 960,000
Scott Burrows                   $ 370,000 x              175% = $            647,500     4,359     10,897     68,880
Vice President, Finance and
CFO                                                                                 $ 129,500 $ 323,750 $ 194,250
Stuart Taylor                   $ 440,000 x              175% = $      770,000          5,183    12,959        81,920
Senior Vice President, NGL
and Natural Gas Facilities                                                          $ 154,000 $ 385,000 $ 231,000
Paul Murphy                     $ 440,000 x              175% = $      770,000          5,183    12,959        81,920
Senior Vice President, Pipeline
and Crude Oil Facilities                                                            $ 154,000 $ 385,000 $ 231,000
Robert Lock                     $ 360,000 x              150% = $      540,000          5,453     9,088        38,290
Vice President, Midstream -
NGL                                                                                 $ 162,000 $ 270,000 $ 108,000
1 RSU and PSU values are estimated based on $29.71 per share (the volume-weighted average trading price of our
  common shares on the TSX for the last 20 trading days in 2015). The value shown for PSUs is their target value. It
  assumes 100% of the PSUs are paid out and that the performance multiplier is 1.0.
2 See the summary compensation table on page 73 for how we calculated the expected value of the stock options.

Performance vesting conditions for PSUs granted for 2016
Performance period: January 1, 2016 – December 31, 2018

PSUs vest depending on our performance over a three-year period against two key measures that are established at the
beginning of each three-year performance period and tied to our strategic objectives.

Defined performance levels are set and our performance against these targets give us ratings of either below threshold
base case, met base case or exceeded base case. The board compares actual performance to the ratings and uses a
linear analysis to determine the performance multiplier. On rare occasions the board may modify the formula driven
multiplier if in its judgment the resulting multiplier is not consistent with corporate performance, however it cannot exceed
two times. The board did not exercise discretion for the 2016 grants.

The actual number of PSUs that vest in 2018 will depend on our performance against the following key measures. These
were established at the beginning of the year, are tied to our strategic objectives, and are a strong measure of our financial
performance.
Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular   64
  Performance            X        Number of PSUs   =        Final number of
  multiplier                      granted                   PSUs that vest
  (0 to 2)




  50%                                                       50%
                                                       +
  Where our total shareholder return ranks vs               Three-year trailing average EBITDA1 per common
  the performance peer group for the                        share
  performance period, applying a straight
  ranking approach

   Performance peer group:
   · AltaGas Ltd.                                          1 See About non-GAAP measures on page 84.
   · Canadian Utilities Limited
   · Emera Inc.                                            We calculate total shareholder return for the performance
   · Enbridge Inc.                                         period as:
   · Enbridge Income Fund                                  · the weighted average trading price of the security on the
   · Fortis Inc.                                              TSX for the last 20 trading days of the performance
   · Gibson Energy Inc.                                       period, less
   · Inter Pipeline Ltd.                                   · the weighted average trading price of the security on the
   · Keyera Corp.                                             TSX for the last 20 days just before the performance
   · TransCanada Corporation                                  period, plus
                                                           · all dividends or distributions paid during the performance
   · Valener Inc.
                                                              period, divided by the weighted average trading price of
   · Veresen Inc.
                                                              the security on the same stock exchange for the last 20
                                                              trading days before the beginning of the performance
                                                              period.

                                                            We calculate the three-year trailing average EBITDA per
                                                            common share as the simple average of the EBITDA per
                                                            common share for each of the three fiscal years included
                                                            in the performance period.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                            65
Medium-term incentives vested in 2016 and paid out in 2017
Medium-term incentive grants vested in 2016 and paid out in 2017 include:
· the final 1/3 of the RSUs granted for 2014;
· the second 1/3 of the RSUs granted for 2015;
· the first 1/3 of the RSUs granted for 2016;
· the PSUs granted for 2014, all of which vested (the performance multiplier was 0.84 – the following page describes how
  we calculated it); and
· the dividends the RSUs and PSUs earned to December 31, 2016.

                                                                      Number of units vested in 2016
                                                              RSUs      RSUs       RSUs        PSUs     Total paid out
                                                               2014      2015       2016        2014          in 20171
Michael H. Dilger                             Units           5,526      1,710      2,693     19,893
President and CEO                             Dividend units    726        153        124      2,614        $ 1,228,728
Scott Burrows                                 Units             881      1,171      1,453      3,173
Vice President, Finance and CFO               Dividend units    116        105         67        417        $   280,395
Stuart Taylor                                 Units           1,984      1,241      1,728      7,138
Senior Vice President, NGL and Natural
Gas Facilities                                Dividend units      261        111            79         938 $    501,901
Paul Murphy                                   Units             1,984      1,241         1,728      7,138
Senior Vice President, Pipeline and Crude
Oil Facilities                                Dividend units      261        111            79         938 $    501,901
Robert Lock
Vice President,                               Units             1,397      1,241         1,818      5,025
Midstream - NGL                               Dividend units      184        111            83         660 $    395,699
1 Value of units and dividend units that vested December 31, 2016, calculated using $41.18 per share (the weighted
  average trading price of our common shares on the TSX for the 20 trading days ending December 31, 2016). Dividend
  units earned at $1.72 for 2014, $1.80 for 2015 and $1.89 for 2016.. PSU multiplier is 0.84 (see next page).


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                       66
How we calculated the performance multiplier for the 2014 PSU award
PSUs granted: January 1, 2014
Performance period: January 1, 2014 – December 31, 2016


   Total shareholder return vs the                       Three-year trailing average EBITDA1 per
   performance peer group for the                        common share vs. targets set at the time of the
   performance period                                    award

   · above peer group median: >1 to 2x                  · maximum: 2x                         >$3.13
   · at peer group median: 1x                           · above target case: 1 to 2x              >$2.97 to
   · below peer group median: 0 to <1x                     $3.13
                                                        · target case: 1x                     $2.97
   Peer group performance                               · below target case: 0 to 1x              >$2.67 to
   Median (see below)               39.6% (A)              $2.97
   Bottom performance               (16.8)%             · threshold: 0                        <$2.67
   (B)
   Difference (A-B)                 56.4% (C)            Pembina performance
                                                         (see below)                          $2.93
   Pembina performance              29.8% (D)
   Pembina compared to peer                              Performance multiplier                0.856
   bottom performance (D-B)         46.6% (E)            (below target case)
   Performance multiplier (E/C)     0.826
   (lower than median)


  x 50% weighting                                        x 50% weighting


   0.41                                           +      0.43                                                  =     0.84


Total shareholder return
AltaGas Ltd.
Canadian Utilities Limited
Emera Inc.
Enbridge Inc.
Enbridge Income Fund
Fortis Inc.
Inter Pipeline Ltd.
Keyera Corp.
TransCanada Corporation
Valener Inc.
Veresen Inc.
Gibson Energy Inc.
Peer group median                                                                                                    39.6%
1 See About non-GAAP measures on page 84. Adjusted to exclude incremental common shares raised over the
performance period in order to fund capital growth not specifically contemplated at the time the 2014 PSU plan was
approved.

We calculate total shareholder return for the performance period as:
· the weighted average trading price of the security on the TSX for the last 20 trading days of the performance period, less
· the weighted average trading price of the security on the TSX for the last 20 days just before the performance period,
  plus
· all dividends or distributions paid during the performance period, divided by the weighted average trading price of the
  security on the same stock exchange for the last 20 trading days before the beginning of the performance period.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           67
Compensation and share performance
The graph below shows the change in a $100 investment in Pembina common shares over the past five years (assuming
all dividends are reinvested), compared to the same investment in the S&P/TSX Composite Index for the same period
(assuming all dividends are reinvested). It also shows how the total annual compensation of our named executives has
changed over the last five years, as well as adjusted cash flow per share and adjusted EBITDA (see About non-GAAP
measures).

The graph shows that Pembina has outperformed the broader Canadian equity market, as measured by the S&P/TSX
Composite Index, while compensation has increased modestly (mostly in the form of variable long-term incentives).

Our cumulative total return for the five-year period ending December 31, 2016 was 79 percent compared to the index
return of 49 percent. We have also demonstrated above median performance against our performance peer group in the
past three years (see below for details).

Please note that the returns in the chart cannot be directly compared to total shareholder return shown on page 67, which
is calculated over a different period of time (for the PSU three-year performance period).

Cumulative total return from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2016
Pembina common shares and the S&P/TSX Composite Index
(Source: Bloomberg)



Total compensation for the NEOs includes salary, share-based awards, option-based awards, non-equity annual incentive
plan awards, pension value and all other compensation – see the summary compensation table on page 73 for details.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                        68
Compensation review – Named executives

Michael (Mick) H. Dilger, President and CEO (effective January 1, 2014)

Responsible for ensuring Pembina meets its four corporate objectives:
• generating value by providing customers with cost-effective, reliable services;
• maintaining and enhancing relationships with Pembina stakeholders including investors, employees, communities
  and customers;
• implementing diversified growth in a safe and environmentally responsible manner; and
• maintaining a strong balance sheet through prudent financial management.

Mr. Dilger joined Pembina in 2005 as Vice President, Business Development, was appointed COO in 2008 and promoted
to President and COO in February 2012 (and as President and CEO effective January 1, 2014). Before Pembina he was a
senior executive in various finance and business development positions in oil and gas and infrastructure organizations
ranging from initial capitalization phase enterprises to the subsidiaries of multi-national corporations, including NOVA
Corporation and TransCanada PipeLines. His expertise includes corporate and strategic development, acquisitions and
divestitures as well as finance and business development.

He has been a chartered accountant since 1989 and holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Calgary.

2016 Results
Mr. Dilger continued to provide steadfast leadership through continued uncertainty in the energy infrastructure sector.

Under his direction, Pembina had a record year financially and operationally. Revenue volumes in our Gas Services
business increased by 27 percent to 836 MMcf/d as a result of newly constructed facilities and the acquisition of the Kakwa
River plant. In our Conventional Pipelines business, revenue volumes increased by six percent to 650 mbpd as a result of
previously completed expansions on key pipeline systems. These increased volumes, further supported by newly
commissioned assets across our operations, contributed to record adjusted EBITDA (see About non-GAAP Measures) and
cash flow per share (see About non-GAAP Measures) of $1,189 million and $2.78 per share respectively. Pembina placed
approximately $1.7 billion of major projects into service through 2016 which were largely completed on time and on budget.
We also secured over $770 million of new growth and continued to advance significant additional growth projects to help
continue driving long-term shareholder value. Pembina also continued to demonstrate financial strength by raising
approximately $1.7 billion of debt, preferred and common equity including proceeds from our dividend reinvestment plan.

Another accomplishment for 2016 was the announcement of the feasibility study for an Alberta-based integrated propane
dehydrogenation and polypropylene production facility and project’s receipt of $300 million in royalty credits under the
Government of Alberta’s Petrochemicals Diversification Program.

Pembina also had another zero lost-time employee injury year in 2016, which is the third consecutive year of zero
employee lost-time injuries. This illustrates that individual decisions on a daily basis add up to extraordinary results.
Pembina employees worked 2.9 million hours in 2016 and 8.1 million hours over the last three years.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                            69
Scott Burrows, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer

Responsible for the control of Pembina’s financial, treasury, accounting, tax, investor relations, capital markets, corporate
development and planning functions. In a highly visible and strategic role for the corporation, he is a trusted and highly
valued advisor to the CEO to help drive the strategic growth agenda and ensure continued profitability and a conservative
balance sheet.

Mr. Burrows was appointed Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer on January 1, 2015. He joined Pembina in
November 2010 and held various leadership positions. Before joining Pembina, Mr. Burrows spent seven years in energy-
focused investment banking where he provided advice related to mergers and acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and
equity and debt financings. He has considerable experience in most aspects of the energy industry, including petroleum,
natural gas and other product pipelines and related infrastructure facilities.

He has a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of British Columbia and is also a CFA Charterholder.

2016 Results
Mr. Burrows ensured our record capital program was adequately funded and that Pembina maintained a conservative
balance sheet by raising $500 million in medium-term notes, $420 million in preferred shares and $345 million in common
equity, and expanded Pembina’s credit facility from $2 billion to $2.5 billion. He played an active role in designing and
leading management and board strategy sessions, and he was instrumental in new project development, the acquisition of
the Kakwa River Facility and the divestiture of our full service terminal business. He also introduced new corporate policies,
procedures, led Pembina's shareholder engagement program and focused our efforts on G&A, operating and capital cost
efficiencies, and ensured Pembina maintained its investment grade credit rating.

Paul Murphy, Senior Vice President, Pipelines and Crude Oil Facilities

Oversees the safe, reliable and responsible operation of Pembina’s Conventional Pipelines Unit (CBU), Oil Sands and
Heavy Oil Business Unit (OBU) and the crude oil related segment of the Midstream Business Unit (MBU). He also
oversees the Major Projects and Operating Services departments.

Mr. Murphy joined Pembina in February 2011 as Vice President, Conventional Pipelines and was appointed to his current
role as Senior Vice President in September 2013. Before Pembina, he was Vice President of the NGL extraction business
unit with Inter Pipeline Fund and held several management positions with major transportation and processing companies
including TransCanada PipeLines, Westcoast Energy and Williams Energy.

He has a Bachelor of Science in Geology from the University of Calgary and is a member of APEGA.

2016 Results
The Conventional Pipelines business had another good year with adjusted EBITDA (see About non-GAAP measures) 30
percent higher than 2015. Adjusted EBITDA for the Oilsands and Heavy Oil business was one percent lower than 2015
while adjusted EBITDA for the Crude Oil Midstream business was 6 percent lower than 2015. Total adjusted EBITDA for
the three business units together was 15 percent higher than 2015.

Major Projects and Operating Services, together with business unit engineering and operations teams, successfully
constructed, commissioned and put into service the Horizon oil sands pipeline expansion, the second phase of the
Canadian diluent hub, the Vantage pipeline expansion, the new Sherwood Park control centre project, as well as several
smaller pipeline and facility projects. All projects were executed essentially on time and on budget, while maintaining
Pembina’s zero employee lost-time incident record.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                             70
Stuart (Stu) Taylor, Senior Vice President, NGL & Natural Gas Facilities

Oversees two business units: NGL (NBU) and Gas Services (GBU). He is responsible for the overall development and
delivery of Pembina’s HVP services, and for ensuring their shared value for both Pembina and our customers. He
methodically reviews Pembina’s service offerings and opportunities along every step of the hydrocarbon value chain,
from wellhead to market, to ensure Pembina’s continued success.

Mr. Taylor joined Pembina in 2009 as Vice President, Gas Services, and was appointed to his current role as Senior Vice
President in September 2013. Before Pembina Mr. Taylor held various executive and management positions with energy
companies in Calgary, including Talisman, VISTA, TransCanada PipeLines and NOVA Corporation.

He has a Bachelor of Science in Geology from the University of Calgary and is a member of APEGA.

2016 Results
Gas Services EBITDA grew by approximately 36 percent over 2015. In 2016, Pembina’s Gas Services business met
several major milestones, including:
·  successfully commissioning the Resthaven facility expansion, adding 100 MMcf/d of capacity;
·  acquiring the Kakwa River gas processing facility, a 250 MMcf/d gas processing facility, and associated gas gathering
   system; and
·  beginning construction on the new 100 MMcf/d gas processing plant (Duvernay 1), as well as 10,000 barrels per day of
   field stabilization along with the required gathering and compression.

Despite an energy price environment which continued to be challenging, the NGL Midstream business was the second
largest contributor to Pembina’s consolidated 2016 financial results, with revenue results under budget due largely to
commodity price margins. Other accomplishments for Pembina’s NGL business in 2016 included:
·   successfully commissioning RFS II, a major 73 mbpd NGL fractionator;
·   mechanically completing RFS III, a third major fractionator (55 mbpd); and
·   completing a detailed feasibility study for the development of an Alberta based, world scale propane
    dehydrogenation/polypropylene facility.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                        71
 Robert Lock, Vice President, Midstream - NGL

 Responsible for all aspects of the commercial and physical operations for NGL Midstream, including operations,
 business development, engineering/project execution, pipeline product movement and financial
 planning/performance. He is also responsible for environmental, health, safety, operational compliance, and
 remediation and asset integrity performance of the business units.

Mr. Lock brings 25 years of experience in natural gas, NGL operations and commerce. He was Vice President, NGL Supply
and Extraction at Provident from 2006 until 2012, when Pembina acquired Provident. In that role, he was accountable for
their NGL feedstock supply and operating performance.

He has a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from the University of Alberta and his Master of Business Administration from
the University of Calgary.

2016 Results
Despite a challenging energy pricing environment, the NGL Midstream business was the second largest contributor to
Pembina’s consolidated 2016 financial results, with revenue results under budget due largely to commodity price margins.

Other accomplishments for Pembina’s NGL business in 2016 included:
·  successfully commissioning RFS II, a major (73 mbpd) NGL fractionator;
·  mechanically completing RFS III, a third major fractionator (55 mbpd); and
·  completing a detailed feasibility study for the development of an Alberta based, world scale propane
   dehydrogenation/polypropylene facility.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                        72
Summary compensation table
The table below shows the value of all compensation paid to the named executives from 2014 to 2016.

                                                                                          Non-equity
                                                                                       incentive plan
                                                                                       compensation
                                                                           Option                   —
                                                        Share-based        Based              Annual     Pension      All other            Total
                                             Salary3        awards4      awards5     incentive plans6     value7 compensation8     compensation
Name and Position                                 ($)             ($)          ($)                 ($)        ($)            ($)              ($)
Michael Dilger                      2016     779,167      1,440,000       960,000           1,280,000    363,862        58,108         4,881,137
President and CEO1                  2015     657,500      1,214,966       810,013             830,790    264,754        51,925         3,829,948
                                    2014     570,000      1,254,000       313,500             865,000    255,825        47,290         3,305,615
Scott Burrows                       2016     363,333         453,250      194,250             364,746     62,248        37,217         1,475,044
Vice President,                     2015     330,000         369,637       92,402             300,476     58,436        54,178         1,205,129
Finance and CFO2                    2014     245,000         206,306       50,008             184,240     12,693        40,170           738,417
Stuart Taylor                       2016     436,607         539,000      231,000             412,368     65,968        40,883         1,725,826
Senior Vice President,              2015     412,500         514,491      220,484             350,065    144,658        68,403         1,710,601
NGL and Natural Gas Facilities      2014     373,333         450,000      112,500             359,288     86,862        78,812         1,460,795
Paul Murphy                         2016     436,007         539,000      231,000             397,848     97,263        40,883         1,742,001
Senior Vice President,              2015     412,500         514,491      220,484             350,783     99,784        39,675         1,637,717
Pipeline and Crude Oil Facilities   2014     373,333         450,000      112,500             343,819     79,072        36,457         1,395,181
Robert Lock                         2016     358,333         432,000      108,000             255,240     70,654        36,967         1,261,194
Vice President,                     2015     346,667         391,977       97,988             183,241     76,008        36,383         1,132,264
Midstream - NGL                     2014     323,533         326,728       79,205             236,200     58,675        35,217         1,059,558
Total                               2016   2,373,447      3,403,250     1,724,250           2,710,202    659,995       214,058        11,085,202
1 Mr. Dilger was appointed     CEO on January 1, 2014. He has not received compensation as a director since his
  appointment to the board in January 2014.
2 Mr. Burrows was appointed Vice President, Finance and CFO on January 1, 2015. He was Vice President, Capital
  Markets from October 2013 to December 31, 2014 and Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations
  before that.
3 Total base salary earned as of December 31 each year.
4 Share-based awards
  The amount for 2016 represents the fair value of RSUs and PSUs granted to the named executives for 2016. We
  calculated the number of RSUs and PSUs granted by dividing the dollar amount granted by $29.71 per share (the
  weighted average trading price of our common shares on the TSX for the 20 trading days ending December 31, 2015).
  The RSUs granted in 2016 are scheduled to vest 1/3 per year, on December 31 of 2016, 2017 and 2018. The amount the
  named executives will receive in cash depends on the trading value of our common shares at the time of vesting.
  The PSUs granted in 2016 are scheduled to vest on December 31, 2018 as long as the performance vesting criteria
  have been met.
  The value shown in the table for PSUs is their target value, assumes 100 percent of the PSUs are paid out and that the
  performance multiplier is 1.0. The number of PSUs that actually vests, and the payout the named executives actually
  receive, will depend on our performance against the performance vesting criteria and can range from 0 to 200%. If the
  performance criteria are not met and the board decides that no PSUs will vest, the payout could be $0.
  Payouts of RSUs and PSUs are increased by the amount they earn in dividend equivalents (in the form of dividend units)
  whenever we pay dividends on our common shares. See page 63 for information about RSUs and PSUs.
5 Option based awards
  Option value is calculated as a percentage of base salary (see page 63). The options granted in 2016 expire in 2023:
  Tranche 1 issued March 8, 2016, expire March 7, 2023; Tranche 2 issued August 16, 2016, expire August 15, 2023; and
  Tranche 3 issued November 15, 2016, expire November 14, 2023. We calculated the number of options granted using
  the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate a value of approximately $2.82 per option. The following key
  assumptions were used in the model.

  Dividend yield (%) Volatility (%)    Risk-free rate (%) Expected life (years) Exercise price ($)
                5.84             23.38               0.94                     5             31.35


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                                 73
  This approach is consistent with the majority of companies in our comparator group and is sensitive to the assumptions
  used. The figures may not be directly comparable across companies, but it is a consistent approach for compensation
  valuation purposes. It used a price of $31.35 per option, the volume-weighted average price of Pembina shares on the
  TSX for the five days before November 13, 2015, to set the number of options for board approval for 2016 grants.
6 Cash bonuses earned for the year, but paid in the following year.
7 Includes all compensation related to our pension plans. The amount includes service costs and other compensatory
  items in the defined benefit plan, including plan changes and earnings that are different from the estimated earnings. See
  page 75 for information about our pension plans.
8 Includes a car allowance, parking and business club memberships.

Outstanding share-based and option-based awards
The table below shows all PSUs, RSUs and stock options outstanding at December 31, 2016.

                                              Option-based awards                                      Share-based awards
                                                                                                               Market or       Market or
                                Number of                                  Value of         Number of payout value of payout value of
                                     shares    Option                  unexercised     shares or units      share-based vested share-
                               underlying     exercise         Option in-the-money      of shares that       awards that based awards
                              unexercised       price      expiration      options            have not have not vested not paid our or
                                    options       ($)3            date          ($)3             vested               ($) distributed ($)
Michael Dilger                       85,108      38.76   Nov 14, 2023       272,346      7,095 RSUs1 297,706 RSUs1                      –
President and CEO                    85,108      39.63 August 15, 2023      198,302     66,042 PSUs2 2,771,122 PSUs2                    –
                                    170,215      33.80  March 7, 2023     1,388,954       Total: 73,137 Total: 3,068,828                –
                                    187,070      41.25  March 8, 2022       132,820
                                     90,090      39.53 March 11, 2021       218,919
                             Total: 617,591
Scott Burrows                        17,220     38.76   Nov 14, 2023         55,104      4,077 RSUs1     171,071 RSUs1                 –
Vice President,                      17,220     39.63 August 15, 2023        40,123     16,750 PSUs2     702,830 PSUs2                 –
Finance & CFO                        34,440     33.80  March 7, 2023        281,030      Total: 20,827    Total: 873,901               –
                                     21,340     41.25  March 8, 2022         15,151
                                     14,370     39.53 March 11, 2021         34,919
                             Total: 104,590
Stuart Taylor                        20,480     38.76   Nov 14, 2023         65,536      4,697 RSUs1     197,086 RSUs1                 –
Senior Vice                          20,480     39.63 August 15, 2023        47,718     22,270 PSUs2     934,449 PSUs2                 –
President, NGL                       40,960     33.80  March 7, 2023        334,234      Total: 26,967   Total: 1,131,535              –
and Natural                          50,920     41.25  March 8, 2022         36,153
Gas Facilities                       32,330     39.53 March 11, 2021         78,562
                             Total: 165,170
Paul Murphy                          20,480     38.76   Nov 14, 2023         65,536      4,697 RSUs1     197,086 RSUs1                 –
Senior Vice                          20,480     39.63 August 15, 2023        47,718     22,270 PSUs2     934,449 PSUs2                 –
President, Pipeline                  40,960     33.80  March 7, 2023        334,234      Total: 26,967   Total: 1,131,535              –
and Crude Oil                        50,920     41.25  March 8, 2022         36,153
Facilities                           32,330     39.53 March 11, 2021         78,562
                             Total: 165,170
Robert Lock                           9,573     38.76   Nov 14, 2023         30,634      4,877 RSUs1     204,639 RSUs1                 –
Vice President,                       9,573     39.63 August 15, 2023        22,305     15,295 PSUs2     641,778 PSUs2                 –
Midstream - NGL                      19,145     33.80  March 7, 2023        156,223      Total: 20,172    Total: 846,417               –
                                     22,630     41.25  March 8, 2022         16,067
                                     22,760     39.53 March 11, 2021         55,307
                              Total: 83,681

 1Includes:
  · 1/3 of the RSUs granted for 2015 and scheduled to vest and payout on December 31, 2017, and
  · 2/3 of the RSUs granted for 2016 and scheduled to vest and payout: 1/3 on December 31, 2017 and 1/3 on
    December 31, 2018.
  Estimated at $41.96 per share (the closing price of our common shares on the TSX on December 31, 2016).
 2Includes (as long as the performance vesting criteria have been met):
  · PSUs granted for 2015 that are scheduled to vest on December 31, 2017; and
  · PSUs granted for 2016 that are scheduled to vest on December 31, 2018.
    Estimated at $41.96 per share (the closing price of our common shares on the TSX on December 31, 2016). Assumes
    that 100% of the PSUs are paid out at a performance multiplier of 1.0. See page 65 for information about the
    performance multiplier.
 3Option value is estimated at $41.96 per share (the closing price of our common shares on the TSX on December 31,
  2016) less the applicable stock option grant price per share x the number of outstanding options.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                         74
Value vested or earned during the year on short, medium and long-term incentives
The table below shows the value of options, RSUs and PSUs that vested in 2016, as well as the cash bonuses (non-equity
incentive) earned for 2016.

                                                  Option-based      Option-based           Share-based     Non-equity incentive plan
                                                awards – value         awards -              awards —              compensation —
                                              vested during the      exercised in   value vested during     value earned during the
                                                           year             2016              the year1                        year2
                                                             ($)              ($)                    ($)                          ($)
Michael Dilger                                         117,246                Nil             1,228,728                   1,280,000
President and CEO
Scott Burrows                                         16,690        Nil         280,395                 364,746
Vice President, Finance & CFO
Stuart Taylor                                         38,238        Nil         501,901                 412,368
Senior Vice President, NGL and Natural Gas Facilities
Paul Murphy                                           38,238        Nil         501,901                 397,848
Senior Vice President, Pipeline and Crude Oil
Facilities
Robert Lock                                           23,791        Nil         395,699                 255,240
Vice President, Midstream - NGL
 1Share-based awards include payouts of RSUs and PSUs that vested on December 31, 2016, along with the dividend
  units they earned to December 31, 2016:
  · the final 1/3 of the RSUs granted for 2014;
  · the second 1/3 of the RSUs granted for 2015;
  · the first 1/3 of the RSUs granted for 2016; and
  · all of the PSUs granted for 2014, calculated using a performance multiplier of 0.84 (see page 67).
  Dividends were paid each year as follows: 2014: $1.72; 2015: $1.80; 2016: $1.89
 2Cash bonuses for 2016, which were paid in 2017.

Pension plan benefits
All full time employees are enrolled in the Pembina Pension Plan (the pension plan), which is registered under the Income
Tax Act (Canada) and the Employment Pension Plans Act (Alberta). The Income Tax Act (Canada) limits the amounts that
can be contributed and paid out under the plan. We also offer a supplementary retirement plan. You can find more
information about these plans in Note 22 to our 2016 audited consolidated financial statements on our website
(www.pembina.com).

Pension plan
The pension plan includes a defined contribution plan and a defined benefit plan. Eligibility and contribution levels are
based on a point system calculated by adding the participant's age and the number of years of service with Pembina on
January 1 of the calendar year:
· under 50 points – employees are enrolled in the defined contribution plan;
· 50 points or more – employees are enrolled in the defined benefit plan; and
· all executives are enrolled in the defined benefit plan.

Early retirement starts at age 55 and normal retirement is the first day of the month on or after the employee turns 65.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                     75
Defined contribution plan
This plan is designed to satisfy retirement planning objectives of early and mid-career employees. Employees are not
allowed to contribute to the defined contribution plan, and employees choose how they want to invest the money.

We contribute to the defined contribution plan as follows:
· 5 percent of the employee's base earnings semi-monthly for employees with less than 40 points; and
· 10 percent of the employee's base earnings semi-monthly for employees with between 40 and 50 points.

Defined benefit plan
Employees are not allowed to contribute to the defined benefit plan. The basic benefit is 1.4 percent of the employee’s
highest three-year average base salary in the final 120 months of employment. If the employee retires early, the pension
benefit is reduced by 0.25 percent for each month before the employee turns 62.

Liabilities under the defined benefit plan are secured by assets that are segregated from our general assets and held in
trust.

Supplementary retirement plan
Employees can also earn supplementary benefits under our supplementary retirement plan. This plan is designed to
provide benefits to employees beyond the limitations imposed by the Income Tax Act (Canada). The supplementary plan
pays benefits for 120 months.

The total benefit under both the defined benefit and supplementary retirement plans cannot be more than 1.4 percent of
the employee’s highest three-year average base salary in the final 120 months of employment, multiplied by his or her
defined benefit pensionable service.

Liabilities under the supplementary plan are unsecured.

Annual pension benefits payable
The table below shows the total estimated annual benefits payable to each named executive under the defined benefit and
supplementary retirement plans, and the present value of our accrued obligation.

                                                  Annual benefits                                                           Defined
                                                         payable    Defined benefit                           Non-           benefit
                                    Years of                  ($)     obligation at    Compensatory    compensatory    obligation at
                                    credited   At year    At age      start of 2016         change         change2      end of 2016
                                     service       end        65                 ($)             ($)             ($)             ($)
Michael Dilger                       11.8333   110,812   251,800         1,532,093          363,862         181,375       2,077,330
President and CEO
Scott Burrows1                             2.0000  9,967  152,600         62,002       62,248        19,173       143,423
Vice President, Finance & CFO
Stuart Taylor                             7.50000 45,235  101,889        613,491       65,968        73,105       752,564
Senior Vice President, NGL and Natural
Gas Facilities
Paul Murphy                                5.8333 33,279   85,587        432,999       97,263        55,049       585,311
Senior Vice President, Pipeline and Crude
Oil Facilities
Robert Lock                                4.7500 22,795  110,785        272,659       70,654        35,891       379,204
Vice President, Midstream - NGL
1 Mr. Burrows became eligible for the defined benefit pension plan on January 1, 2015.
2 The non-compensatory change is the increase or decrease in our accrued obligation for reasons not related to the
  compensatory change. It includes interest on accrued obligations at December 31, 2016 and changes to mortality rate
  tables and discount rates.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                    76
Termination and change of control
The table below shows the payments we will make to the named executives and other senior officers when employment is
terminated or there is a change of control of Pembina, as specified in their employment agreements.

                                 Cash payment            Share unit plan                     Stock option plan

Retirement                       · none                  · grants made during the            · options are pro-rated to the last
                                                           retirement year are prorated        day of active employment
                                                           to the retirement date            · unvested options continue to vest
                                                         · unvested RSUs and PSUs              and vested options can be
                                                           vest as though the executive        exercised within three years from
                                                           is still employed with the          the last day of active employment
                                                           company                             or until the option expires
                                                                                               (whichever is earlier)

Disability                       · none                  · unvested RSUs and PSUs            · same as retirement
                                                           vest as though the executive
                                                           is still employed with the
                                                           company

Resignation                      · none                  · unvested RSUs and PSUs            ·    unvested     options    expire
                                                           are forfeited and cancelled         immediately
                                                                                             · vested options can be exercised
                                                                                               within 90 days of notice of
                                                                                               termination or last day of active
                                                                                               employment (whichever is later)

Death                            · none                  · all unvested RSUs and PSUs        · same as retirement
                                                            vest as of the last day of
                                                            work     and     the  board
                                                            determines the performance
                                                            multiplier for PSUs

Constructive dismissal           ·            retiring   · same as retirement                · same as retirement
                                     allowance
                                     (see below)

Termination without cause        ·            retiring   · same as retirement                · same as retirement
                                     allowance
                                     (see below)

Termination with cause           · none                  · same as resignation               · options expire immediately

Change of control 1               · none                 · unvested RSUs and PSUs            · option holders are granted the
                                                           become fully vested and are         number of securities of the
                                                           paid out on the effective           successor issuer they would
                                                           date of the change of control       have received if their options to
                                                           (or as soon as possible             buy shares had been exercised
                                                           after), including all dividend      immediately      before       the
                                                           units                               transaction, except in certain
                                                         · the board determines the            circumstances2
                                                           performance multiplier for
                                                           the     PSUs     before     the
                                                           effective date of the change
                                                           of      control,    or      the
                                                           performance multiplier will
                                                           be at target level

1 If the CEO and CFO are offered continued employment on comparable terms, RSUs and PSUs granted will not vest or
  be paid out and will continue to vest according to their terms, in respect of the successor issuer.
2 The exceptions are: (a) the transaction does not provide for substitution or replacement of Pembina's common shares;
  (b) the board (acting reasonably) determines that substituting or replacing Pembina's shares is not practical to implement
  or would result in adverse tax consequences for option holders; and (c) the replacement securities are not (or will not be)
  listed and posted on a recognized stock exchange. In these cases, outstanding options will fully vest and can be
  exercised before the transaction is completed. Unexercised options will be forfeited and cancelled without compensation
  subject to the board's discretion.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                            77
Retiring allowances
We grant cash payments called retiring allowances for:
· termination without cause;
· constructive dismissal (within 180 days of a fundamental change in employment); and
· failure to provide a comparable position and duties and same or comparable compensation and benefits after a change
  of control (within 180 days of the effective date of the transaction).

These are defined in the employment agreements. Under these circumstances, executives are entitled to receive a cash
payment equal to:
· the notice period specified in the executive's contract (two years for all named executives)
  multiplied by
· the sum of the executive's:
    · salary for the current year;
    · another 20 percent of current salary (in lieu of employment benefits and certain other payments); and
    · the simple average of annual short-term incentive award for the past three years.

The named executives can choose to receive the full amount in a lump sum within 30 days of their termination date, or in
two equal payments over two years. Payments will not be reduced by any amounts the executive earns after leaving.

Our retiring allowances include standard confidentiality provisions, effective for two years, and non-competition provisions
for varying time periods. As a condition of payment, the executive releases us from any further obligation or liability and
also agrees to maintain their share ownership requirements for one year.

How we define change of control
The definition of change of control is different for the executive employment agreements, the share unit plan and the
stock option plan.
Executive employment agreements
One of the following:
· acquisition of 50% or more of our issued and outstanding voting securities;
· sale of more than 50% of our net assets;
· an acquisition requiring shareholder approval;
· dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the company;
· change in the composition of our board following a contested election of directors or a meeting of our shareholders
   with an item of business related to director election or another transaction, when the directors before the event no
   longer constitute a majority of directors after the event; and
· another comparable event, as determined by the board.
Share unit plan
One of the following:
· acquisition of 50% or more of our issued and outstanding voting securities;
· sale of more than 50% of our net assets;
· dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the company;
· an acquisition requiring shareholder approval;
· the majority of directors step down from the board; and
· another comparable event, as determined by the board.
Note that change of control payments under the share unit plan are subject to a “double trigger”, which means it only
applies if the CEO, Senior Vice Presidents and CFO are not offered continued employment on comparable terms.

Stock option plan
One of the following:
· completion of a merger, amalgamation or an arrangement;
· sale of all or substantially all of our assets and undertakings; and
· become subject to a takeover bid or another comparable transaction.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                           78
Estimated payments
The following table shows the estimated incremental payments that would have been paid to each of the named executives
if they had been terminated on December 31, 2016 (with and without a change of control):

                                                               Share unit plan               Option plan
                                                                   payments5                  payments6                     Totals
                                                                            ($)                       ($)                      ($)
                                                    Termination                   Termination              Termination
                              Annual                     without                      without                  without
                            incentive Benefits and        cause/      Change of        cause/   Change of      cause / Change of
                      Salary1 bonus2 perquisites constructive        control and constructive control and constructive control and
Name                       ($)     ($)          ($) dismissal3, 4 termination4,5   dismissal6 termination6   dismissal termination
Michael Dilger      1,600,000
                            1,983,860     320,000      3,068,843       3,068,843    2,211,340    2,211,340   9,184,043   9,184,043
President and CEO
Scott Burrows         740,000  569,615    148,000      873,887     873,887    426,328     426,328   2,757,829    2,757,829
Vice President,
Finance & CFO
Stuart Taylor         880,000  747,814    176,000    1,131,521   1,131,521    562,203     562,203   3,497,538    3,497,538
Senior Vice
President, NGL and
Natural Gas
Facilities
Paul Murphy           880,000  728,300    176,000    1,131,521   1,131,521    562,203     562,203   3,478,024    3,478,024
Senior Vice
President, Pipeline
and Crude Oil
Facilities
Robert Lock           720,000  445,617    144,000      846,403     846,403    280,536     280,536   2,436,556    2,436,556
Vice President,
Midstream - NGL
1 2016 base salary x notice period (see page 78).
2 Notice period x average of the annual incentive bonuses earned for 2014, 2015 and 2016.
3 On a termination without cause, or constructive dismissal, RSUs and PSUs continue to vest as though the individual
  were still employed with Pembina, so these amounts are not immediately payable.
4 Estimated at $41.96 per share (the closing price of our common shares on the TSX on December 31, 2016).
5 Amounts under the share unit plan are payable following a change of control only if the CEO, Senior Vice Presidents and
  CFO are not offered continued employment on comparable terms. See page 77 for more information.
6 Option value is estimated at $41.96 per share (the closing price of our common shares on the TSX on December 31,
  2016) less the stock option grant price of $39.53 for the 2014 grant, $41.25 for the 2015 grant, $33.80 for Tranche 1 of
  the 2016 grant, $39.63 for Tranche 2 and $38.76 for Tranche 3 per share x the number of outstanding options.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                                  79
Information about the long-term incentive plans

Securities authorized for issue under equity compensation plans
Authorized for issue from treasury under our long-term incentive plans at the end of 2016
· Dilution of outstanding options as a percentage of common shares outstanding as at December 31, 2016: 3.6%
· 2016 grants as a percentage of common shares outstanding: 1.3% (2015: 0.3%)

                                                                                            Number of securities
                                                                                   remaining available for future
                          Number of securities to be                                      issuance under equity
                             issued upon exercise of                                        compensation plans
                       outstanding options, warrants   Weighted average exercise (excluding securities reflected
                                         and rights1 price of outstanding options,                in column (a))
                                                  (a)      warrants and rights (b)                             (c)
Equity compensation
plans approved by
securityholders                             14,310,062 $                           39.68                       7,209,019
Total                                       14,310,062 $                           39.68                       7,209,019
1 14,140,351 shares issuable for options granted under the 2011 stock option plan (as amended in 2017) with a weighted
 average exercise price of $39.93, and 169,711 shares issuable for the fund option plan, which was closed in 2010 (see
 page 83), with a weighted average exercise price of $19.17.

Stock option plan
Introduced in 2011 and amended in 2017

Plan administration     The stock option plan is administered by our board.
                        Pembina grants awards based on rules and decisions made by the board, including when options
                        are granted, when they vest and when they expire.

Eligibility             All employees

Award                   Options to buy common shares
                        Options cannot be assigned or transferred

Shares reserved and     23,000,000 common shares (7,000,000 under the original 2011 plan, plus an additional 9,000,000
available               in 2014 plus an additional 7,000,000 in 2015) have been reserved for issue under the plan (5.8%
                        of currently issued and outstanding common shares as at the date hereof). We have issued
                        1,912,635 common shares for option exercises under the plan since its inception in 2011, and
                        therefore there are 21,087,365 common shares remaining for future issuance.

                        This will be increased by 15,000,000 common shares to a total aggregate of 38,000,000 issuable
                        under the plan, and 36,087,365 remaining issuable under outstanding options and future grants, if
                        shareholders approve the proposed increase (9.0 percent of currently issued and outstanding
                        common shares as at the date hereof).

                        Shares reserved for options that are cancelled or expire are immediately re-reserved for the plan
                        and available to issue in the future.

Shares issuable and      As at March 16, 2017 there were 15,466,436 common shares issuable on the exercise of
outstanding              outstanding options granted under the stock option plan:
                         · exercise prices: from $25.28 to $52.01
Also see Note 16 to our · average weighted exercise price: $40.35
audited consolidated     · expiration dates: from August 2018 to March 2024
financial statements for · 3.9 percent of issued and outstanding shares
the year ended
December 31, 2016        In addition, as at March 16, 2017, there were 136,895 common shares issuable on the exercise of
                         outstanding options granted under the fund option plan (see page 83). Common shares issuable
                         under the fund option plan represent approximately 0.03% of our total issued and outstanding
                         common shares as at March 16, 2017.
Granting and issuing The board grants options once a year, to be issued on one or more days during the year as
stock options        specified at the time of the grant. The exercise price will be the volume-weighted average trading
                     price of our common shares on the TSX in the five business days immediately before the issue
                     date.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                        80
Vesting, expiry and    Vesting and expiry are determined by the board, but the expiry date cannot be more than seven
payout                 years after the date the options were granted.

                       Historically, the board has granted options with a seven-year term that vest over three years,
                       beginning one year after the grant date.

                       Expiry can be extended by 10 business days if the options expire on or within 10 days of a trading
                       blackout.

                       Each option that vests can be used to buy one Pembina common share. The price will be at least
                       the volume-weighted average trading price of our common shares on the TSX in the five days
                       immediately before the options are issued.

Financial assistance   The plan does not provide financial assistance to help participants exercise their options.

Cashless               If the board approves, a participant may receive common shares with a market value equal to the
exercise               in-the-money value of an option at the time it is exercised. In that case, the number of common
                       shares issued to the participant, and not the number of underlying common share reserved for
                       issue under the option will be deducted from the plan.

Termination and        For all termination except termination for cause (subject to terms set out in a board resolution
change of control      granting options, in the certificate evidencing the options, or in an employment agreement):
                       · unvested options expire immediately; and
                       · vested options can be exercised within 90 days of notice of termination or last day of active
                          employment (whichever is later).
                       For termination for cause:
                       · unvested options expire immediately; and
                       · vested options are forfeited.
                       On change of control:
                       · Option holders are granted the number of securities of the new issuer they would have received
                          if their options to buy shares had been exercised immediately before the transaction, except
                          when:
                          · the transaction does not provide for substitution or replacement of Pembina's common shares;
                          · the board (acting reasonably) determines that a substitution or replacement of Pembina's
                              shares is not practicable or that it would result in adverse tax consequences for option
                              holders; or
                          · the replacement securities are not (or won't be) listed and posted on a recognized stock
                              exchange.
                          In these cases, outstanding options will fully vest and can be exercised before the transaction is
                          completed. Unexercised options will be forfeited and cancelled without compensation subject to
                          the board’s discretion.
                       A change of control is defined as one of the following:
                       · completion of a merger, amalgamation or an arrangement; or
                       · sale of all or substantially all of our assets and undertakings become subject to a takeover bid or
                          another comparable transaction

Limits                 Any one individual: 5% of the (non-diluted) issued and outstanding common shares (or 19,996,360
                       common shares as at March 16, 2017) at the grant date, less the aggregate number of common
                       shares reserved for that individual under any other equity-based compensation arrangement.

                       All insiders (as a group): 10% of the (non-diluted) issued and outstanding common shares at the
                       grant date, less the total number of common shares reserved for insiders under any other equity-
                       based compensation arrangement.

                       Single year limit:
                       Individual insiders: same as individual limit, but excluding shares issued to the insider under the
                       stock option plan or any other equity-based compensation arrangement in the preceding one-year
                       period.
                       All insiders (as a group): same as insider group limit, but excluding shares issued to insiders as a
                       whole under the stock option plan or any other equity-based compensation arrangement in the
                       preceding one-year period.

                       Note: Because insiders are currently expected to participate in our share unit plan and would not
                       be eligible to participate in the stock option plan, we do not expect to issue options to insiders
                       under this plan.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                            81
Changing the plan     The board can make changes to the plan without shareholder approval, but option holders must
                      consent to any changes that could affect them negatively.

                      The following changes require approval of a majority of shareholders:
                      · increasing the number (or percentage) of shares that can be issued through the plan;
                      · making a change that will reduce the exercise price of an outstanding option
                         (including by cancelling and reissuing the option);
                      · extending the expiry date of an option (except to avoid a trading blackout period);
                      · adding new types of eligible participants;
                      · changing the plan to let participants transfer or assign options (other than to a family member, an
                         entity controlled by the participant or their family member, a charity or for estate planning and
                         settlement purposes), unless the changes are due to a change of control or to prevent dilution;
                         and
                      · making changes to types of changes that can be made to the plan.

                      Plan changes may also need to be approved by applicable stock exchanges.

Anti-dilution         The plan includes standard provisions to prevent dilution if there is a change in our capital
provisions            structure.

Closing the plan      The board can suspend or terminate the plan at any time.


Share unit plan
Introduced in 2010

Plan administration   The share unit plan is administered by our board.

                      Pembina grants awards based on rules and decisions made by the board, including:
                      · whether awards should be granted;
                      · when awards will be granted;
                      · who will receive awards;
                      · grant dates, performance and vesting periods;
                      · the fair market value of common shares;
                      · how the number of RSUs and PSUs granted will be determined;
                      · time, performance and other vesting conditions (including multipliers);
                      · setting, changing and rescinding plan and grant agreements, regulations and terms;
                      · interpreting the plan and any related grant agreements; and
                      · all other decisions needed to administer the plan.

                      The board can delegate its administrative duties to a committee, its members or our executive
                      officers, or to agents or third-party administrators, if allowed by law and the board's mandate and
                      subject to the plan's rules and other restrictions.

Changing the plan     The board can make changes to the plan without shareholder approval, but grant holders must
                      consent to any changes that could affect them negatively.

                      At any time, the board may decide to:
                      · accelerate vesting related to all or a percentage of the RSUs or PSUs attached to an award;
                      · waive any term or condition attached to an award; and
                      · decide that a term or condition attached to an award has been satisfied before a change of
                        control event occurred.

                      It may also decide that payment and settlement will happen immediately, or be effective
                      immediately before (and conditional upon) the effective date of a change of control.

                      The board can also make changes to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights granted under the
                      share unit plan as the result of a change of control event that affects our common shares.
                      Plan changes may also need to be approved by applicable regulators.
Closing the plan       The board can suspend or terminate the plan at any time.

Change of control      See Termination and change of control on page 77.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                    82
Fund option plan
We operated as an income trust (Pembina Pipeline Income Fund) until October 1, 2010, when we converted to a corporate
structure. References to the fund option plan refer to the option plan of Pembina Pipeline Income Fund prior to the
conversion. This plan was closed in 2010

Plan administration    The fund option plan is administered by our board.

Eligibility            Directors, officers and employees were eligible to receive options under the plan.

Award                  Options to buy Pembina common shares
                       No options have been granted under this plan since September 2010
                       The options cannot be assigned or transferred.

Shares issuable and    As at March 16, 2017, there were 136,895 common shares issuable on the exercise of
outstanding            outstanding options granted under the plan:
                       · exercise price: $19.17
                       · average weighted exercise price: $19.17
                       · expiration dates: to September 2017

Vesting                Options have a seven-year term that vest over three years, beginning one year after the grant
                       date.
                       Expiry can be extended by 10 business days if the options expire on or within 10 days of a trading
                       blackout.

Payout                 Each option that vests can be used to buy one common share. The price will be at least the
                       volume-weighted average trading price of our common shares on the TSX in the five days
                       immediately before the options were approved.

Changing the plan      The board can make changes to the plan without shareholder approval, but option holders must
                       consent to any changes that could affect them negatively. All changes must receive prior approval
                       from the TSX.

                       It can make the following changes without shareholder approval:
                       · housekeeping changes;
                       · correcting a clerical or typographical error or an inconsistency with our declaration of trust;
                       · changing the timing and terms of vesting of options granted under the plan;
                       · terminating provisions of an option granted under the plan as long as the change does not
                          extended the option's expiry date;
                       · avoiding inconsistency with, or changing provisions to ensure that, an option holder is not
                          subject to unfavourable treatment under the Income Tax Act or other tax laws;
                       · adding a cashless exercise feature, payable in cash or securities, that provides for a full
                          deduction of the number of underlying common shares from the number reserved for issuance
                          under the plan; and
                       · other matters that the TSX may approve from time to time.

Anti-dilution          The plan includes standard provisions to prevent dilution if there is a change in our capital
provisions             structure.

Financial assistance   The plan does not provide financial assistance to help participants exercise their options.



Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                         83
6. Other information

Interest in the business of the meeting, material transactions and indebtedness
To the best of our knowledge, no former director or executive officer of Pembina, none of the nominated directors, and
none of their respective associates or affiliates:
·   has a material interest, direct or indirect, by way of beneficial ownership of securities or otherwise, in any matter to be
    acted on at the meeting (other than the election of directors);
·   has a material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction since January 1, 2016 or in any proposed transaction that
    has materially affected or will materially affect the company or any of our subsidiaries, or
·   is currently indebted to Pembina or any of our subsidiaries, or has been at any time since January 1, 2016.

About non-GAAP measures
We use several supplementary measures to evaluate the performance of our company and our business because we
believe they provide additional useful information about our operational and financial performance to investors and
analysts.

These are considered supplementary because they are not defined by Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
and do not have a standard meaning, so they may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.
Readers should not use them as an alternative to GAAP measures when assessing our performance. For more information
about financial measures that are not defined by GAAP, including reconciliations to the closest comparable GAAP
measure, see Non-GAAP Measures in our MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2016. You can find our MD&A on our
website (www.pembina.com), on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and on EDGAR (www.sec.gov).

Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Adjusted EBITDA)
Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as earnings for the year plus share of profit
(loss) from equity accounted investees (before tax, depreciation and amortization) plus net finance costs, income taxes,
depreciation and amortization (included in operations and general and administrative expense) and unrealized gains or
losses on commodity-related derivative financial instruments. The exclusion of unrealized gains or losses on commodity-
related derivative financial instruments eliminates the non-cash impact of such gains or losses.

Adjusted EBITDA also includes adjustments for loss (gain) on disposal of assets, transaction costs incurred in respect of
acquisitions, impairment charges or reversals and write-downs in respect of goodwill, intangible assets and property plant
and equipment, and non-cash provisions. These additional adjustments are made to exclude various non-cash and other
items that are not reflective of ongoing operations. Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information
to investors as it is an important indicator of an issuer's ability to generate liquidity through cash flow from operating
activities. Adjusted EBITDA is also used by investors and analysts for assessing financial performance and for the purpose
of valuing an issuer, including calculating financial and leverage ratios. Management utilizes Adjusted EBITDA to set
objectives and as a key performance indicator of our success. Pembina presents Adjusted EBITDA as management
believes it is a measure frequently used by analysts, investors and other stakeholders in evaluating our financial
performance.

We use EBITDA for the purposes of calculating our target under our short, medium and long-term compensation plans, as
this is the metric that is set out in our legacy medium and long-term incentive plans. This is slightly different than our
adjusted EBITDA calculation and is calculated as operating margin (gross profit before depreciation and amortization
included in operations and unrealized gain/loss on commodity-related derivative financial instruments) and distributions
from equity accounted investees less general and administrative expense less realized gains or losses on commodity-
related derivative financial instruments. Other companies that are included in our compensation and performance peer
group also use EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA that may be calculated differently than we calculate these measures.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                              84
Adjusted cash flow from operating activities
Adjusted cash flow from operating activities is a non-GAAP measure which is defined as cash flow from operating activities
plus the change in non-cash operating working capital, adjusting for current tax and share-based payment expenses, and
deducting preferred share dividends declared. Adjusted cash flow from operating activities excludes preferred share
dividends because they are not attributable to common shareholders. The calculation has been modified to include current
tax and share-based payment expense as it allows management to better assess the obligations discussed below.
Management believes that adjusted cash flow from operating activities provides comparable information to investors for
assessing financial performance during each reporting period. Management utilizes adjusted cash flow from operating
activities to set objectives and as a key performance indicator of the Company's ability to meet interest obligations,
dividend payments and other commitments. Per common share amounts are calculated by dividing cash flow from
operating activities, or adjusted cash flow from operating activities, as applicable, by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding.


Pembina Pipeline Corporation • Management information circular                                                         85
