EX-99.3 4 tv486434_ex99-3.htm EXHIBIT 99.3

                                                                                                                    Exhibit 99.3

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT

The audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Pembina Pipeline Corporation (the "Company" or "Pembina") are the
responsibility of Pembina's management. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, using management's best
estimates and judgments, where appropriate.

Management is responsible for the reliability and integrity of the financial statements, the notes to the financial statements
and other financial information contained in this report. In the preparation of these financial statements, estimates are
sometimes necessary because a precise determination of certain assets and liabilities is dependent on future events.
Management believes such estimates have been based on careful judgments and have been properly reflected in the
accompanying financial statements.

Management's Assessment of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined
in Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f) under the Exchange Act and under NI 52-109.

Management, including the CEO and the CFO, has conducted an evaluation of Pembina's internal control over financial
reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on management's assessment as at
December 31, 2017, the CEO and CFO have concluded that Pembina's internal control over financial reporting is effective.

In accordance with the provisions of NI 52-109 and consistent with SEC guidance, the scope of the evaluation did not
include internal controls over financial reporting of Veresen, which the Company acquired on October 2, 2017. Veresen
was excluded from management's evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting
as at December 31, 2017 due to the proximity of the Acquisition to year-end. Further details related to the Acquisition are
disclosed in Note 6 to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2017.
Veresen's assets and revenue represented approximately 28 percent and nil percent, respectively, of the Company's total
assets and revenue as at December 31, 2017. Share of profit from Veresen's equity accounted investees amounted to
$116 million from the date of acquisition.

Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a
misstatement of Pembina's financial statements would be prevented or detected. Further, the evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was made as at a specific date, and continued effectiveness in
future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate.

The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") is responsible for ensuring management fulfils its responsibilities for
financial reporting and internal control. The Board is assisted in exercising its responsibilities through the Audit Committee,
which consists of five non-management directors. The Audit Committee meets periodically with management and the
auditors to satisfy itself that management's responsibilities are properly discharged, to review the financial statements and
to recommend approval of the financial statements to the Board.

KPMG LLP, the independent auditors, have audited the Company's financial statements in accordance with Canadian
generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), and have also audited the effectiveness of Pembina's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2017 and has included an attestation report on management's assessment in their reports which follow. The independent
auditors have full and unrestricted access to the Audit Committee to discuss their audit and their related findings.


                                                                                                                                  1
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

The Company's internal controls over financial reporting commencing October 2, 2017 include Veresen's systems,
processes and controls, as well as additional controls designed to result in complete and accurate consolidation of
Veresen's results. Other than Veresen, there has been no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the year covered by this Annual Report that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, Pembina's internal control over financial reporting.

M. H. Dilger                                                 J. Scott Burrows
President and Chief Executive Officer                        Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Pembina Pipeline Corporation                                 Pembina Pipeline Corporation

February 22, 2018


                                                                                                                         2
KPMG LLP
205 5th Avenue SW
Suite 3100
Calgary AB T2P 4B9
Telephone (403) 691-8000
Fax (403) 691-8008
www.kpmg.ca

                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Pembina Pipeline Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Pembina Pipeline Corporation’s (the "Corporation") internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2017, based on the criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2017, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

The Corporation acquired Veresen Inc. on October 2, 2017, and management excluded from its assessment of the
effectiveness of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, Veresen Inc.'s internal
control over financial reporting associated with approximately 28 percent of total assets and nil percent of total revenues
included in the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017.
Share of profit from Veresen Inc.’s equity accounted investees were $116 million from the date of the acquisition. Our audit
of internal control over financial reporting of the Corporation also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over
financial reporting of Veresen Inc.

Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We also have audited, in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the consolidated financial statements of the
Corporation, which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2017 and December 31,
2016, the consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years
then ended, and notes comprising a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information
(collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements") and our report dated February 22, 2018 expressed an
unmodified (unqualified) opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation’s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB and in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit
of the financial statements in Canada.




            KPMG LLP is a Canadian limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of
            independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG International"),
            a Swiss entity. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.
3
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.



Chartered Professional Accountants

February 22, 2018
Calgary, Canada


                                                                                                                           4
KPMG LLP
205 5th Avenue SW
Suite 3100
Calgary AB T2P 4B9
Telephone (403) 691-8000
Fax (403) 691-8008
www.kpmg.ca

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Pembina Pipeline Corporation

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Pembina Pipeline Corporation, which comprise
the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the consolidated
statements of earnings and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and
notes, comprising a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (collectively referred to
as the "consolidated financial statements").

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of Pembina Pipeline Corporation as at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, and its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) ("PCAOB"), Pembina Pipeline Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017,
based on the criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 22, 2018, expressed an
unqualified (unmodified) opinion on the effectiveness of Pembina Pipeline Corporation’s internal control over financial
reporting.

Basis for Opinion

A – Management's Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,
and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

B – Auditors' Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted
our audits in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free from material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Those standards also require that
we comply with ethical requirements, including independence. We are required to be independent with respect to
Pembina Pipeline Corporation in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the
consolidated financial statements in Canada, the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and PCAOB. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB.




            KPMG LLP is a Canadian limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of
            independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG International"),
a Swiss entity. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.


                                                             5
An audit includes performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatements of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included
obtaining and examining, on a test basis, audit evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. The procedures selected depend on our judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments,
we consider internal control relevant to Pembina Pipeline Corporation’s preparation and fair presentation of the
consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances.

An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies and principles used and the reasonableness
of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial
statements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained in our audits is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable
basis for our audit opinion.



Chartered Professional Accountants

We have served as Pembina Pipeline Corporation’s auditor since 1997.

February 22, 2018
Calgary, Canada


                                                                                                                           6
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at December 31 ($ millions)                                                         Note         2017      2016
Assets
Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           321       35
  Trade receivables and other                                                             7           529      451
  Derivative financial instruments                                                       24             4        9
  Inventory                                                                                           168      181
                                                                                                    1,022      676
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                                           8        13,546    11,331
  Intangible assets and goodwill                                                          9         4,714     2,834
  Investments in equity accounted investees                                              10         6,229       134
  Deferred tax assets                                                                    11                      31
  Advances to related parties                                                            28            42
  Other assets                                                                                         13        11
                                                                                                   24,544    14,341
Total Assets                                                                                       25,566    15,017
Liabilities and Equity
Current liabilities
   Trade payables and accrued liabilities                                                12           713      638
   Taxes payable                                                                         11             3        5
   Dividends payable                                                                                   91       64
   Loans and borrowings                                                                  13           163        6
   Convertible debentures                                                                14            93
   Derivative financial instruments                                                      24            79       65
                                                                                                    1,142      778
Non-current liabilities
  Loans and borrowings                                                                   13         7,300     4,002
  Convertible debentures                                                                 14                     143
  Derivative financial instruments                                                       24                      58
  Employee benefits, share-based payments and other                                                    66        48
  Deferred revenue                                                                       17           136        86
  Decommissioning provision                                                              15           546       488
  Taxes payable                                                                          11            22
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                               11         2,376     1,111
  Other liabilities                                                                                   129         7
                                                                                                   10,575     5,943
Total Liabilities                                                                                  11,717     6,721
Equity
  Common share capital                                                                   16        13,447     8,808
  Preferred share capital                                                                16         2,424     1,509
  Deficit                                                                                          (2,075)   (2,010)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                               (7)       (11)
                                                                                                   13,789     8,296
Non-controlling interest                                                                  6            60
Total Equity                                                                                       13,849     8,296
Total Liabilities and Equity                                                                       25,566    15,017

                                 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


                                                                                                                    7
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year Ended December 31
($ millions, except per share amounts)                                                 Note        2017    2016
Revenue                                                                                 20         5,408   4,265
Cost of sales                                                                                      3,971   3,193
Loss on commodity-related derivative financial instruments                                            71      71
Share of profit of investments in equity accounted investees                             10          116       1
Gross profit                                                                                       1,482   1,002
   General and administrative                                                                        236     195
   Other expense (income)                                                                             28      (1)
Results from operating activities                                                                  1,218     808
   Net finance costs                                                                     19          185     153
Earnings before income tax                                                                         1,033     655
   Current tax expense                                                                   11           48      50
   Deferred tax expense                                                                  11           94     139
   Income tax expense                                                                                142     189

Earnings attributable to shareholders                                                               891     466
Other comprehensive income (loss)
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                          1      (9)
   Remeasurements of defined benefit liability, net of tax                               22           3      (5)
Total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders                                             895     452

Earnings per common share – basic (dollars)                                              21         1.89    1.02
Earnings per common share – diluted (dollars)                                            21         1.88    1.01

Weighted average number of common shares (millions)
 Basic                                                                                   21         426     388
 Diluted                                                                                 21         432     389

                                 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


                                                                                                                8
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                    Attributable to Shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                     Accumulated
                                                                                                            other                   Non-
                                                           Common          Preferred              comprehensive                controlling    Total
 ($ millions)                                    Note   share capital share capital      Deficit          income      Total      interest    Equity
 December 31, 2016                                             8,808          1,509     (2,010)              (11)     8,296                   8,296
 Total comprehensive income
   Earnings                                                                                891                         891                     891
 Other comprehensive income
   Exchange differences on translation of
   foreign operations                                                                                          1          1                       1
   Remeasurements of defined benefit
   liability, net of tax                                                                                       3          3                       3
 Total comprehensive income                                                                891                 4       895                     895
 Transactions with shareholders of the
    Company
   Common shares issued, net of issue costs                    4,356                                                  4,356                   4,356
   Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                  915                                    915                     915
   Dividend reinvestment plan                     16            148                                                    148                     148
   Debenture conversions                          16              73                                                    73                      73
   Share-based payment transactions               16              62                                                    62                      62
   Dividends declared – common                    16                                      (873)                        (873)                   (873)
   Dividends declared – preferred                 16                                       (83)                         (83)                    (83)
 Total transactions with shareholders of the
   Company                                                     4,639            915       (956)                       4,598                   4,598
   Non-controlling interest recognized on
   Acquisition                                     6                                                                                   60       60
 December 31, 2017                                           13,447           2,424     (2,075)                (7)   13,789            60    13,849
 December 31, 2015                                             7,991          1,100     (1,670)                3      7,424                   7,424
 Total comprehensive income
   Earnings                                                                                466                         466                     466
 Other comprehensive income
   Exchange differences on translation of
   foreign operations                                                                                          (9)       (9)                     (9)
   Remeasurements of defined benefit
   liability, net of tax                                                                                       (5)       (5)                     (5)
 Total comprehensive income                                                                466               (14)      452                     452
 Transactions with shareholders of the
    Company
   Common shares issued, net of issue costs                     335                                                    335                     335
   Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                  409                                    409                     409
   Dividend reinvestment plan                                   449                                                    449                     449
   Debenture conversions                                           2                                                      2                       2
   Share-based payment transactions                               31                                                    31                      31
   Dividends declared – common                                                            (737)                        (737)                   (737)
   Dividends declared – preferred                                                          (69)                         (69)                    (69)
 Total transactions with shareholders of the
   Company                                                      817             409       (806)                        420                     420
 December 31, 2016                                             8,808          1,509     (2,010)              (11)     8,296                   8,296


                                    See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


                                                                                                                                                   9
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

($ millions)                                                                           Note         2017      2016
Cash provided by (used in)
Operating activities
Earnings                                                                                             891       466
Adjustments for
   Share of profit of investments in equity accounted investees                                     (116)       (1)
   Distributions from equity accounted investees                                                     157        13
   Depreciation and amortization                                                                     382       293
   Unrealized (gain) loss on commodity-related derivative financial instruments                      (23)       61
   Net finance costs                                                                     19          185       153
   Net interest paid                                                                                (153)      (91)
   Income tax expense                                                                    11          142       189
   Taxes paid                                                                            11          (30)       (3)
   Share-based compensation expense                                                      23           73        46
   Share-based compensation payment                                                                  (22)      (20)
   Loss on asset disposal                                                                             12        10
   Payments received and deferred                                                                     49         2
   Amortization of deferred revenue                                                                  (16)       (5)
   Change in non-cash operating working capital                                                      (18)      (36)
Cash flow from operating activities                                                                1,513     1,077
Financing activities
   Bank borrowings and issuance of debt                                                             2,542      650
   Repayment of loans and borrowings                                                               (1,279)    (333)
   Issuance of common shares                                                                                   345
   Issuance of preferred shares                                                                      400       420
   Issuance of medium term notes                                                                   1,200       500
   Issue costs and financing fees                                                                    (23)      (31)
   Exercise of stock options                                                                          46        16
   Dividends paid (net of shares issued under the dividend reinvestment plan)                       (781)     (351)
Cash flow from financing activities                                                                2,105     1,216
Investing activities
   Capital expenditures                                                                            (1,839)   (1,745)
   Contributions to investments in equity accounted investees                                          (7)       (2)
   Acquisitions                                                                                    (1,338)     (566)
   Interest paid during construction                                                     19           (63)      (72)
   Recovery of assets or proceeds from sale                                                             2        37
   Advances to related parties                                                                        (23)
   Changes in non-cash investing working capital and other                                            (64)       62
Cash flow used in investing activities                                                             (3,332)   (2,286)
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                   286         7
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                           35        28
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                321        35

                                 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


                                                                                                                 10
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. REPORTING ENTITY                              12

2. BASIS OF PREPARATION                          12

3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES                14

4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES               14

5. DETERMINATION OF FAIR VALUES                  28

6. ACQUISITION                                   30

7. TRADE RECEIVABLES AND OTHER                   31

8. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT                 32

9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL                33

10. INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES    35

11. INCOME TAXES                                 36

12. TRADE PAYABLES AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES       38

13. LOANS AND BORROWINGS                         39

14. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES                       40

15. DECOMMISSIONING PROVISION                    40

16. SHARE CAPITAL                                41

17. DEFERRED REVENUE                             44

18. PERSONNEL EXPENSES                           44

19. NET FINANCE COSTS                            45

20. OPERATING SEGMENTS                           45

21. EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE                    48

22. PENSION PLAN                                 49

23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS                         51

24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS                        54

25. OPERATING LEASES                             60

26. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT                           60

27. GROUP ENTITIES                               61

28. RELATED PARTIES                              61


                                                 11
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


1. REPORTING ENTITY

Pembina Pipeline Corporation ("Pembina" or the "Company") is an energy transportation and service provider domiciled in
Canada. The consolidated financial statements ("Financial Statements") include the accounts of the Company, its
subsidiary companies, partnerships and any investments in associates and joint arrangements as at and for the year
ended December 31, 2017. These Financial Statements present fairly the financial position, financial performance, and
cash flows of the Company.

Pembina owns or has interests in conventional crude oil, condensate, natural gas and natural gas liquids ("NGL") pipelines,
oil sands and heavy oil pipelines, gas gathering and processing facilities, an NGL infrastructure and logistics business and
midstream services that span across its operations. The Company's assets are located in Canada and in the United States.

2. BASIS OF PREPARATION

a. Basis of measurement and statement of compliance

The Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis with some exceptions, as detailed the accounting
policies set out below in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). These accounting policies have been applied consistently for all
periods presented in these financial statements.

Certain insignificant comparative amounts have been reclassified to conform to the presentation adopted in the current
year.

The Financial Statements were authorized for issue by Pembina's Board of Directors on February 22, 2018.

b. Functional and presentation currency

The Financial Statements are presented in Canadian dollars. All financial information presented in Canadian dollars has
been disclosed in millions, except where noted. The assets and liabilities of subsidiaries, and investments in equity
accounted investees, whose functional currencies are other than Canadian dollars are translated into Canadian dollars at
the foreign exchange rate at the balance sheet date, while revenues and expenses of such subsidiaries are translated
using average monthly foreign exchange rates, which approximate the foreign exchange rates on the dates of the
transactions. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation of subsidiaries and investments in equity accounted
investees with a functional currency other than the Canadian dollar are included in Other Comprehensive Income.

c. Use of estimates and judgments

The preparation of the Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates
and assumptions that are based on the circumstances and estimates at the date of the financial statements and affect the
application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may
differ from these estimates.

Judgments, estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.

The following judgment and estimation uncertainties are those management considers material to the Company's financial
statements:


                                                                                                                         12
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Judgments

(i) Business combinations

    Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The determination of fair value
    often requires management to make judgments about future possible events. The assumptions with respect to
    determining the fair value of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and liabilities acquired, as well as the
    determination of deferred taxes, generally require the most judgment.

(ii) Depreciation and amortization

    Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are based on management's
    judgment of the most appropriate method to reflect the pattern of an asset's future economic benefit expected to be
    consumed by the Company. Among other factors, these judgments are based on industry standards and historical
    experience.

(iii) Impairment

    Assessment of impairment is based on management's judgment of whether there are sufficient internal and external
    factors that would indicate that an asset, investment or cash generating unit ("CGU"), or group of CGU's are impaired.
    The determination of a CGU is also based on management's judgment and is an assessment of the smallest group of
    assets that generate cash inflows independently of other assets. The asset composition of a CGU can directly impact
    the recoverability of the assets included therein. In assessing the recoverability, each CGU's carrying value is
    compared to its recoverable amount, defined as the greater of fair value less costs to sell and value in use.

(iv) Assessment of joint control over joint arrangements

    Jointly controlled arrangements which entitle the Company to the rights of the net assets to the arrangement are
    accounted for using the equity method. The determination of joint control requires judgment about the influence the
    Company has over the financial and operating decisions of the arrangement and the extent of the benefits it obtains
    based on the facts and circumstances of the arrangement during the reporting period. Joint control exists when
    decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties that control the arrangement
    collectively. Ownership percentage alone may not be a determinant of joint control.

Estimates

(i) Business combinations

    Estimates of future cash flows, forecast prices, interest rates, discount rates, cost, market values and useful lives are
    made in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Changes in any of the assumptions or
    estimates used in determining the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities could impact the amounts assigned to
    assets, liabilities, intangible assets, goodwill and deferred taxes in the purchase price equation. Future earnings can be
    affected as a result of changes in future depreciation and amortization, asset or goodwill impairment.


                                                                                                                              13
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


(ii) Provisions and contingencies

     Provisions recognized are based on management's judgment about timing, scope and amount of assets and liabilities.
     Management uses judgment in determining the likelihood of realization of contingent assets and liabilities to determine
     the outcome of contingencies.

     Based on the long-term nature of the decommissioning provision, the most significant uncertainties in estimating the
     provision are the discount and inflation rates used, the costs that will be incurred and the timing of when these costs
     will occur.

(iii) Deferred taxes

     The calculation of the deferred tax asset or liability is based on assumptions about the timing of many taxable events
     and the enacted or substantively enacted rates anticipated to be applicable to income in the years in which temporary
     differences are expected to be realized or reversed.

(iv) Depreciation and amortization

     Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are based on management's
     assumptions and estimates of the physical useful lives of the assets, the economic lives, which may be associated with
     the reserve lives and commodity type of the production area, in addition to the estimated residual value.

(v) Impairment tests

     Impairment tests include management's best estimates of future cash flows and discount rates.

3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Company adopted IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (2014) effective January 1, 2017 in advance of the mandatory
effective date of January 1, 2018. The new standard addresses the classification and measurement of financial assets and
financial liabilities, impairment and hedge accounting.

IFRS 9 introduces new requirements for the measurement and classification of financial assets, replacing the previous
multiple classification and measurement models. IFRS 9 requires the classification of financial assets in three main
categories: fair value through profit or loss, fair value through other comprehensive income, and amortized cost. All of the
Company's financial assets have been reclassified from loans and receivables at amortized cost to financial assets at
amortized cost. There was no change in the carrying value of the Company's financial assets.

4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accounting policies as set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these Financial
Statements.

a. Basis of consolidation

i)   Business combinations

     The Company measures goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the recognized amount of
     any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, less the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
     assumed, all measured as of the acquisition date. When the excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognized
     immediately in earnings.


                                                                                                                               14
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


   The Company elects on a transaction-by-transaction basis whether to measure non-controlling interest at its fair value,
   or at its proportionate share of the recognized amount of the identifiable net assets, at the acquisition date.

   Non-controlling interests represent equity interests in subsidiaries owned by outside parties. The share of net assets of
   subsidiaries attributable to non-controlling interests is presented as a separate component of equity. Their share of net
   income and other comprehensive income is also recognized in this separate component of equity. Changes in the
   Company's ownership interest in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
   transactions. Adjustments to non-controlling interests are based on a proportionate amount of the net assets of the
   subsidiary. No adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognized in earnings.

   Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the Company incurs in
   connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

ii) Subsidiaries

   Subsidiaries are entities, including unincorporated entities such as partnerships, controlled by the Company. The
   financial results of subsidiaries are included in the Financial Statements from the date that control commences until the
   date that control ceases. The accounting policies of subsidiaries are aligned with the policies adopted by the Company.

iii) Investments in associates

   Associates are those entities in which the Company has significant influence and thereby has the power to participate
   in the financial and operational decisions, but does not control or jointly control the investee. Significant influence is
   presumed to exist when the Company holds between 20 and 50 percent of the voting power of another entity.

   The Financial Statements include the Company's share of the earnings and other comprehensive income, after
   adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Company, from the date that significant influence
   commences until the date that significant influence ceases. The Company's investments in associates are accounted
   for using the equity method and are recognized initially at cost, including transaction costs.

   When the Company's share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity accounted investee, the carrying amount of that
   interest, including any long-term investments, is reduced to nil, and the recognition of further losses is discontinued
   except to the extent that the Company has an obligation or has made payments on behalf of the investee.

iv) Joint arrangements

   Joint arrangements represent activities where the Company has joint control established by a contractual agreement.
   Joint control requires unanimous consent for the relevant financial and operational decisions. A joint arrangement is
   either a joint operation, whereby the parties have rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities, or a joint
   venture, whereby the parties have rights to the net assets.


                                                                                                                            15
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


   For a joint operation, the consolidated financial statements include the Company's proportionate share of the assets,
   liabilities, revenues, expenses and cash flows of the arrangement with items of a similar nature on a line-by-line basis,
   from the date that joint control commences until the date that joint control ceases.

   Joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method of accounting and are initially recognized at cost, or fair value
   if acquired as part of a business combination. Joint ventures are adjusted thereafter for the post-acquisition change in
   the Company's share of the equity accounted investment's net assets. The Company's consolidated financial
   statements include its share of the equity accounted investment's profit or loss and other comprehensive income, until
   the date that joint control ceases. Distributions from Investments in Equity Accounted Investees are recognized when
   received.

   Acquisition of an incremental ownership in a joint arrangement where the Company maintains joint control is recorded
   at cost or fair value if acquired as part of a business combination. Where the Company has a partial disposal, including
   a deemed disposal, of a joint arrangement and maintains joint control, the resulting gains or losses are recorded in
   earnings at the time of disposal.

   Determining the type of joint arrangement as either joint operation or joint venture is based on management's
   judgement of whether it has rights to the net assets, or rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities of the jointly
   controlled entity. The considerations include, but are not limited to, whether the legal form and contractual
   arrangements give the entity direct rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities within the normal course of
   business. Other facts and circumstances are also assessed by management, including the entity's rights to the
   economic benefits of assets and its involvement and responsibility for settling liabilities associated with the
   arrangement.

v) Transactions eliminated on consolidation

   Balances and transactions, and any unrealized revenue and expenses arising from intersegment transactions, are
   eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains arising from transactions with
   investments in equity accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Company's
   interest in the investee. Unrealized losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent
   that there is no evidence of impairment.

vi) Foreign currency

   Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at exchange rates at the dates
   of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are
   retranslated to the Company's functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. The foreign currency gain or loss
   on monetary items is the difference between amortized cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the period,
   adjusted for effective interest and payments during the period, and the amortized cost in foreign currency translated at
   the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.

   Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are retranslated
   to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that
   are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the
   transaction.


                                                                                                                                16
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


     Foreign currency differences arising on retranslation are recognized in earnings, with the exception of foreign
     exchange differences arising on translation of subsidiaries or investments in equity accounted investees whose
     functional currencies are other than the Canadian dollar which are included in Other Comprehensive Income.

b. Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances, call deposits and short-term investments with original maturities of
ninety days or less that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in their fair value, and are used by the Company in
the management of its short-term commitments.

c. Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
market.

Such assets are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
recognition, loans and receivables are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method less any impairment
losses.

d. Inventories

Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value and consist primarily of crude oil, NGL and spare
parts. The cost of inventories is determined using the weighted average costing method and includes direct purchase costs
and when applicable, costs of production, extraction, fractionation, and transportation. Net realizable value is the estimated
selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated selling costs. All changes in the value of the inventories
are reflected in inventories and cost of sales.

e. Financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only
when, the Company has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset
and settle the liability simultaneously.

i)   Non-derivative financial assets

     The Company initially recognizes loans, receivables and deposits on the date that they are originated. All other
     financial assets are recognized on the trade date at which the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions
     of the instrument.

     The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it
     transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all
     the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. Any interest in transferred financial assets
     that is created or retained by the Company is recognized as a separate asset or liability. On derecognition, the
     difference between the carrying amount of the financial asset and the consideration received is recognized in earnings.


                                                                                                                               17
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


    The Company classifies non-derivative financial assets into the following categories:

    Financial assets at amortized cost

    A financial asset is classified in this category if the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect
    contractual cash flows and on specified dates that are solely payments of principal and interest. At initial recognition,
    financial assets at amortized costs are recognized at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent
    to initial recognition, these financial assets are recorded at amortized cost using the effective interest method less any
    impairment losses.

    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

    A financial asset is classified in this category if the asset is held within a business model whose objective is met by
    both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. The Company did not have any financial assets
    classified as fair value through other comprehensive income during the years covered in these financial statements.

    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

    A financial asset is classified in this category if it is not classified as a financial asset at amortized cost or a financial
    asset at fair value through other comprehensive income, or it is an equity instrument designated as such on initial
    recognition. The Company did not have any non-derivative financial assets classified as fair value through profit or loss
    during the years covered in these financial statements.

ii) Non-derivative financial liabilities

    The Company initially recognizes financial liabilities on the trade date at which the Company becomes a party to the
    contractual provisions of the instrument.

    The Company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled or expire. On
    derecognition, the difference between the carrying value of the liability and the consideration paid, including any non-
    cash assets transferred or liabilities assumes, is recognized in earnings.

    The Company records a modification or exchange of an existing liability as a derecognition of the financial liability if the
    terms are substantially different, resulting in a difference of more than 10 percent when comparing the present value of
    the remaining cash flows of the existing liability to the present value of the discounted cash flow under the new terms
    using the original effective interest rate.

    If a modification to an existing liability causes a revision to the estimated payments of the liability but is not treated as a
    derecognition, the Company adjusts the gross carrying amount of the liability to the present value of the estimated
    contractual cash flows using the instrument's original effective interest rate, with the difference recorded in earnings.

    The Company's non-derivative financial liabilities are comprised of the following: bank overdrafts, trade payables and
    accrued liabilities, taxes payable, dividends payable, loans and borrowings including finance lease obligations, other
    liabilities and the liability component of convertible debentures.

    Such financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent
    to initial recognition these financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.


                                                                                                                                18
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


   Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Company's cash management are
   included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows.

iii) Common share capital

   Common shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of common shares and
   share options are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.

iv) Preferred share capital

   Preferred shares are classified as equity because they bear discretionary dividends and do not contain any obligations
   to deliver cash or other financial assets. Discretionary dividends are recognized as equity distributions on approval by
   the Company's Board of Directors. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of preferred shares are
   recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.

v) Compound financial instruments

   The Company's convertible debentures are compound financial instruments consisting of a financial liability and an
   embedded conversion feature. In accordance with IAS 39, the embedded derivatives are required to be separated from
   the host contracts and accounted for as stand-alone instruments.

   Debentures containing a cash conversion option allow Pembina to pay cash to the converting holder of the debentures,
   at the option of the Company. As such, the conversion feature is presented as a financial derivative liability within long-
   term derivative financial instruments. Debentures without a cash conversion option are settled in shares on conversion,
   and therefore the conversion feature is presented within equity, in accordance with its contractual substance.

   On initial recognition and at each reporting date, the embedded conversion feature is measured at fair value using an
   option pricing model. Subsequent to initial recognition, any unrealized gains or losses arising from fair value changes
   are recognized through earnings in the statement of earnings and comprehensive income at each reporting date. If the
   conversion feature is included in equity, it is not remeasured subsequent to initial recognition. On initial recognition, the
   debt component, net of issue costs, is recorded as a financial liability and accounted for at amortized cost. Subsequent
   to initial recognition, the debt component is accreted to the face value of the debentures using the effective interest rate
   method. Upon conversion, the corresponding portions of the debt and equity are removed from those captions and
   transferred to share capital.

vi) Derivative financial instruments

   The Company holds derivative financial instruments to manage its interest rate, commodity, power costs and foreign
   exchange risk exposures as well as a cash conversion features on convertible debentures and a redemption liability.
   Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract and accounted for separately if the economic
   characteristics and risks of the host contract and the embedded derivative meet the definition of a derivative, and the
   combined instrument is not measured at fair value through earnings. Derivatives are recognized initially at fair value
   with attributable transaction costs recognized in earnings as incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are
   measured at fair value and changes in non-commodity-related derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings as
   part of net finance costs and changes in commodity-related derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings.


                                                                                                                             19
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


f.   Property, plant and equipment

i)   Recognition and measurement

     Items of property, plant and equipment are measured initially at cost, unless they are acquired as part of a business
     combination in which case they are initially measured at fair value. Thereafter, property, plant and equipment are
     recorded net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

     Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed
     assets includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a
     working condition for their intended use, estimated decommissioning provisions and borrowing costs on qualifying
     assets.

     Cost may also include any gain or loss realized on foreign currency transactions directly attributable to the purchase or
     construction of property, plant and equipment. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related
     equipment is capitalized as part of that equipment.

     When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate
     components of property, plant and equipment.

     The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined by comparing the proceeds from
     disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, and are recognized within other expense or
     income in earnings.

ii) Subsequent costs

     The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the
     item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Company, and its cost
     can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized and recorded as depreciation
     expense. The cost of maintenance and repair expenses of the property, plant and equipment are recognized in
     earnings as incurred.

iii) Depreciation

     Depreciation is based on the cost of an asset less its residual value. Significant components of individual assets are
     assessed and if a component has a useful life that is different from the remainder of the asset, that component is
     depreciated separately. Land and linefill are not depreciated.

     Depreciation is recognized in earnings on a straight line or declining balance basis, which most closely reflects the
     expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset.

     Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain
     that the Company will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.

     Depreciation methods, useful lives, economic lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if
     appropriate.


                                                                                                                                  20
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


g. Intangible assets

i)   Goodwill

     Goodwill that arises upon acquisitions is included in intangible assets and goodwill. See Note 4(a)(i) for the policy on
     measurement of goodwill at initial recognition.

     Subsequent measurement

     Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

     In respect of investments in equity accounted investees, goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment,
     and an impairment loss on such an investment is allocated to the investment and not to any asset, including goodwill,
     that forms the carrying amount of the investment in equity accounted investee.

ii) Other intangible assets

     Other intangible assets acquired individually by the Company are initially recognized and measured at cost, unless
     they are acquired as part of a business combination in which case they are initially measured at fair value. Thereafter,
     intangible assets with finite useful lives are recorded net of accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment
     losses.

iii) Subsequent expenditures

     Subsequent expenditures are capitalized only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific
     asset to which it relates. All other expenditures are recognized in earnings as incurred.

iv) Amortization

     Amortization is based on the cost of an asset less its residual value.

     Amortization is recognized in earnings over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets, other than goodwill, from the
     date that they are available for use.

     Amortization methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if appropriate.

h. Leased assets

Leases which the Company assumes substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases.
The leased asset is initially recognized at an amount equal to the lower of its fair value and the present value of the
minimum lease payments. Subsequent to initial recognition, the asset is accounted for in accordance with the accounting
policy applicable to that asset.

Other leases are operating leases and are not recognized in the Company's statement of financial position.

i.   Lease payments

Payments made under operating leases are recognized in earnings on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Lease incentives received are deferred and recognized over the term of the lease.

Minimum lease payments made under finance leases are apportioned between the finance cost and the reduction of the
outstanding liability. The finance cost is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Contingent lease payments are accounted for by revising the
minimum lease payments over the remaining life.


                                                                                                                                21
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


i)   Determining whether an arrangement contains a lease

     At inception of an arrangement, the Company determines whether such an arrangement is or contains a lease. A
     specific asset is the subject of a lease if fulfilment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of that specified asset.
     An arrangement conveys the right to use the asset if the arrangement conveys to a lessee the right to control the use
     of the underlying asset.

     At inception or upon reassessment of the arrangement, the Company separates payments and other consideration
     required by such an arrangement into those for the lease and those for other elements on the basis of their relative fair
     values. If the Company concludes, for a finance lease, that it is impracticable to separate the payments reliably, an
     asset and liability are recognized at an amount equal to the fair value of the underlying asset. Subsequently, the liability
     is reduced as payments are made and an imputed finance cost on the liability is recognized using the Company's
     incremental borrowing rate.

j.   Impairment

i)   Non-derivative financial assets

     Impairment of financial assets carried at amortized cost is assessed using the lifetime expected credit loss of the
     financial asset at initial recognition and throughout the life of the financial asset.

     The Company uses a loss allowance matrix determine the impairment loss allowance for trade receivables. In
     determining the loss allowance matrix, the Company uses historical trends of the probability of default, timing of
     recoveries and the amount of loss incurred, adjusted for management's judgment as to whether current economic and
     credit conditions are such that the actual losses are likely to be greater or less than suggested by historical trends.

     Impairment losses are recognized in earnings and reflected as a reduction in the related receivable.

ii) Non-financial assets

     The carrying amounts of the Company's non-financial assets, other than inventory, assets arising from employee
     benefits and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of
     impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset's recoverable amount is estimated.

     For goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives or that are not yet available for use, the recoverable
     amount is estimated annually in connection with the annual goodwill impairment test. An impairment loss is recognized
     if the carrying amount of an asset or its related CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.

     The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In
     assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
     rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.
     For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest
     group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
     other assets or CGUs. CGUs may incorporate integrated assets from multiple operating segments. For the purpose of
     goodwill impairment testing, CGUs are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects
     the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is
     allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.


                                                                                                                              22
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


     The Company's corporate assets do not generate separate cash inflows and are utilized by more than one CGU.
     Corporate assets are allocated to CGUs on a reasonable and consistent basis and tested for impairment as part of the
     testing of the CGU to which the corporate asset is allocated. If there is an indication that a corporate asset may be
     impaired, then the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which the corporate asset belongs.

     Impairment losses are recognized in earnings. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or
     its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognized in respect of CGUs are allocated
     first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the
     carrying amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.

     An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognized in
     prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists.
     An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
     An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
     amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been
     recognized.

     Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in equity accounted investee is not recognized
     separately, and therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of the investment is tested
     for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the equity accounted investee may be impaired,
     unless the equity accounted investee does not generate cash flows that are largely independent of those from other
     assets of the entity in which case it is combined in a CGU with the related assets.

k. Employee benefits

i)   Defined contribution plans

     A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
     separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to
     defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an employee benefit expense in earnings in the periods during
     which services are rendered by employees. Prepaid contributions are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash
     refund or a reduction in future payments is available. Contributions to a defined contribution plan due more than twelve
     months after the end of the period in which the employees render the service are discounted to their present value.

ii) Defined benefit pension plans

     A defined benefit pension plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The
     Company's net obligation in respect of defined benefit pension plans is calculated separately for each plan by
     estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior
     periods, discounted to determine its present value, less the fair value of any plan assets. The discount rate used to
     determine the present value is established by referencing market yields on high-quality corporate bonds on the
     measurement date with cash flows that match the timing and amount of expected benefits.


                                                                                                                               23
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


     The calculation is performed, at a minimum, every three years by a qualified actuary using the actuarial cost method.
     When the calculation results in a benefit to the Company, the recognized asset is limited to the present value of
     economic benefits available in the form of future expenses payable from the plan, any future refunds from the plan or
     reductions in future contributions to the plan. In order to calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration
     is given to any minimum funding requirements that apply to any plan in the Company. An economic benefit is available
     to the Company if it is realizable during the life of the plan or on settlement of the plan liabilities.

     When the benefits of a plan are improved, the portion of the increased benefit relating to past service by employees is
     recognized in earnings immediately.

     The Company recognizes all actuarial gains and losses arising from defined benefit plans in other comprehensive
     income and expenses related to defined benefit plans in personnel expenses in earnings.

     The Company recognizes gains or losses on the curtailment or settlement of a defined benefit plan when the
     curtailment or settlement occurs. The gain or loss on curtailment comprises any resulting change in the fair value of
     plan assets, change in the present value of defined benefit obligation and any related actuarial gains or losses and
     past service cost that had not previously been recognized.

iii) Short-term employee benefits

     Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related
     service is provided.

     A liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus if the Company has a present
     legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee, and the
     obligation can be estimated reliably.

iv) Share-based payment transactions

     For equity settled share-based payment plans, the fair value of the share-based payment at grant date is recognized
     as an expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees unconditionally become
     entitled to the awards. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the
     related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognized
     as an expense is based on the number of awards that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date.

     For cash settled share-based payment plans, the fair value of the amount payable to employees is recognized as an
     expense with a corresponding increase in liabilities, over the period that the employees unconditionally become entitled
     to payment. The liability is remeasured at each reporting date and at settlement date. Any changes in the fair value of
     the liability are recognized as an expense in earnings.

l.   Provisions

A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation that can
be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Provisions are remeasured at each reporting
date based on the best estimate of the settlement amount. The unwinding of the discount rate is recognized as accretion in
finance costs.


                                                                                                                             24
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


i)   Decommissioning obligation

     The Company's activities give rise to dismantling, decommissioning and site disturbance remediation activities. A
     provision is made for the estimated cost of site restoration and capitalized in the relevant asset category.

     Decommissioning obligations are measured at the present value, based on a risk-free rate, of management's best
     estimate of expenditure required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date. Subsequent to the initial
     measurement, the obligation is adjusted at the end of each period to reflect the passage of time, changes in the risk-
     free rate and changes in the estimated future cash flows underlying the obligation. The increase in the provision due to
     the passage of time is recognized as accretion in finance costs whereas increases or decreases due to changes in the
     estimated future cash flows or risk-free rate are added to or deducted from the cost of the related asset.

m. Revenue

Revenue in the course of ordinary activities is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable.
Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence exists that the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been
transferred to the customer or the service has been provided, recovery of the consideration is probable, the associated
costs can be estimated reliably, there is no continuing management involvement with the goods, and the amount of
revenue can be measured reliably.

The timing of the transfer of significant risks and rewards varies depending on the individual terms of the sales or service
agreement. For product sales, transfer of significant risks and rewards usually occurs when the product is delivered to a
customer. For pipeline transportation revenues, storage revenues and processing revenues, transfer of significant risks and
rewards usually occurs when the service is provided as per the contract with the customer. For rate or contractually
regulated pipeline operations, revenue is recognized in a manner that is consistent with the underlying rate design as
mandated by agreement or regulatory authority.

Certain commodity buy/sell arrangements where the risks and rewards of ownership have not transferred are recognized
on a net basis in earnings.

n. Finance income and finance costs

Finance income comprises interest income on funds deposited and invested, gains on non-commodity-related derivatives
measured at fair value through earnings and foreign exchange gains. Interest income is recognized as it accrues in
earnings, using the effective interest rate method.

Finance costs comprise interest expense on loans and borrowings and convertible debentures, accretion on provisions,
losses on disposal of available for sale financial assets, losses on non-commodity-related derivatives, impairment losses
recognized on financial assets (other than trade and other receivables) and foreign exchange losses.

Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of a qualifying asset are recognized in
earnings using the effective interest rate method.


                                                                                                                                25
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


o. Income tax

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred taxes are recognized in earnings except to
the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items are recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive
income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the period, using tax rates enacted
or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for:

•   temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination
    and that affects neither accounting nor taxable earnings;

•   temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and joint arrangements to the extent that it is probable
    that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and

•   taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Company
expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset, and they relate to income taxes
levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax
liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realized simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences, to the extent
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
be realized.

In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Company takes into account income tax exposures and whether
additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series
of judgments about future events. New information may become available that causes the Company to change its
judgment regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities, such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax expense in the
period that such a determination is made.

p. Earnings per common share

The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per common share ("EPS") data for its common shares. Basic EPS is
calculated by dividing the earnings attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. To calculate earnings attributable to common shareholders, earnings are
adjusted for accumulated preferred dividends. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the earnings attributable to common
shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, for the effects of all potentially dilutive
common shares, which comprise convertible debentures and share options granted to employees ("Convertible
Instruments"). Only outstanding and Convertible Instruments that will have a dilutive effect are included in fully diluted
calculations.


                                                                                                                                26
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


The dilutive effect of Convertible Instruments is determined whereby outstanding Convertible Instruments at the end of the
period are assumed to have been converted at the beginning of the period or at the time issued if issued during the year.
Amounts charged to earnings relating to the outstanding Convertible Instruments are added back to earnings for the diluted
calculations. The shares issued upon conversion are included in the denominator of per share basic calculations for the
date of issue.

q. Segment reporting

An operating segment is a component of the Company that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues
and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Company's other
components. All operating segments' operating results are reviewed regularly by the Company's Chief Executive Officer
("CEO"), Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") and other Senior Vice Presidents ("SVPs") to make decisions about resources to
be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available.

Segment results that are reported to the CEO, CFO and other SVPs include items directly attributable to a segment as well
as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate assets, corporate
general and administrative expenses, finance income and costs, and income tax assets and liabilities.

r. New standards and interpretations not yet adopted

Certain new standards, interpretations, amendments and improvements to existing standards were issued by the IASB or
IFRIC and are effective for accounting periods beginning after January 1, 2017. These standards have not been applied in
preparing these Financial Statements. Those which may be relevant to Pembina are described below:

IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

In May 2014, the International Accounting Standards Board issued IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers, which
supersedes existing revenue guidance, effective for periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. IFRS 15 contains a
single model that applies to contracts with customers and two approaches to recognizing revenue: at a point in time or over
time. The model outlines a five step analysis to assess contracts which involves identifying the contract, identifying the
performance obligations, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations
and recognizing revenue when or as the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Detailed guidance is also provided on a
number of areas for which there was no previous guidance, including contract costs and contract modifications. In April
2016, the IASB issued Clarifications to IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which is effective at the same
time as IFRS 15, and provides additional guidance on the five step analysis and transition.

The Company is on track to adopt IFRS 15 and the clarifications on the January 1, 2018 effective date. On transition, the
standard permits either a full retrospective approach with restatement of all prior periods presented or a modified
retrospective approach where the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard is recognized as an adjustment to
opening retained earnings in the period of adoption. The Company has tentatively decided to adopt IFRS 15 using the full
retrospective approach.


                                                                                                                         27
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


The Company has completed a detailed implementation plan, identified revenue streams and major contract types. Within
each identified revenue stream, the Company has substantively reviewed and analyzed the revenue contracts in
accordance with the five steps. The Company has also assessed the impact of the new standard on its systems and
processes.

Based on the assessments completed to date, the Company has determined that the application of the new standard will
result in a change to the timing and pattern of revenue recognition, specifically with respect to certain long term Take or
Pay ("ToP)" revenue contracts with make-up rights in our Conventional Pipelines and Gas Services businesses. The
change in timing of revenue recognition for ToP revenue contracts will be a result of revenues being recognized based on
the volumes flowed or processed rather than when the service capacity is provided for long term ToP contracts with make-
up rights. Under long term ToP contracts, customers are committed to meet minimum volume or revenue commitments.
Make-up rights arise when a customer does not meet its minimum ToP volume or revenue commitment in a certain period,
but is contractually permitted to use future volumes or revenues to meet past ToP commitments. These make-up rights are
subject to expiry and have varying conditions associated with them. Depending on the specific conditions and terms of the
make-up rights, revenue recognition may be deferred early in a contract year when certain make-up rights are outstanding
and recognized later in the contract year once these make-up rights are used, expire, or it is determined to be remote that
a customer will use them. While this change is not expected to have a material impact on annual revenue, it is expected to
result in a change in timing for quarterly revenue recognition (i.e. potentially lower revenue in the first and second quarters
with higher revenue in the third and fourth quarters). There will be no impact on the timing of cash flow.

In addition, IFRS 15 will result in significant changes to disclosures based on the additional requirements outlined in the
standard. These disclosures include the identification of significant judgments that have been made in applying the
standard, information on changes to contract assets and liabilities, and details regarding how the Company recognizes
revenue including performance obligations identified, determination of transaction price, and how the transaction price has
been allocated to performance obligations. IFRS 15 also requires the disclosure of the amount of the transaction price that
has been allocated to remaining unsatisfied performance obligations. This disclosure will primarily impact long-term
contracts with ToP contract terms.

The Company has determined that there will be no material impact on existing systems on implementation of IFRS 15,
however, new processes and controls are being designed and will be implemented as needed with respect to revenue
recognition for impacted ToP contracts and to meet disclosure requirements.

IFRS 16 Leases

IFRS 16 Leases is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. The new standard results in
substantially all lessee leases being recorded on the statement of financial position.

The Company intends to adopt IFRS 16 for the annual period beginning on January 1, 2019. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its results of operations and financial position.

5. DETERMINATION OF FAIR VALUES

A number of the Company's accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for both financial
and non-financial assets and liabilities. Fair values have been determined for measurement and/or disclosure purposes
based on the following methods. When applicable, further information about the assumptions made in determining fair
values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset or liability.


                                                                                                                             28
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


i) Property, plant and equipment

The fair value of property, plant and equipment recognized as a result of a business combination or transferred from a
customer is based on market values when available, income approach and depreciated replacement cost when
appropriate. Depreciated replacement cost reflects adjustments for physical deterioration as well as functional and
economic obsolescence.

ii) Intangible assets

The fair value of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is determined by an active market value or using the
multi-period excess earnings method, whereby the subject asset is valued after deducting a fair return on all other assets
that are part of creating the related cash flows.

The fair value of other intangible assets is based on the discounted cash flows expected to be derived from the use and
eventual sale of the assets.

iii) Derivatives

Fair value of derivatives are estimated by reference to independent monthly forward prices, interest rate yield curves,
currency rates and quoted market prices per share at the period ends.

Fair values reflect the credit risk of the instrument and include adjustments to take account of the credit risk of the
company, entity and counterparty when appropriate.

iv) Non-derivative financial assets and liabilities

Fair value, which is determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated based on the present value of estimated future
principal and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at the reporting date. In respect of the convertible
debentures, the fair value is determined by the market price of the convertible debenture on the reporting date. For finance
leases, the market rate of interest is determined by reference to similar lease agreements. For other financial liabilities
where market rates are not readily available, a risk adjusted market rate is used which incorporates the nature of the
instrument as well as the risk associated with the underlying cash payments.

v) Share-based compensation transactions

The fair value of employee share options is measured using the Black-Scholes formula on grant date. Measurement inputs
include share price on measurement date, exercise price of the instrument, expected volatility (based on weighted average
historic volatility adjusted for changes expected due to publicly available information), weighted average expected life of
the instruments (based on historical experience and general option holder behaviour), expected dividends, expected
forfeitures and the risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds). Service and non-market performance conditions
attached to the transactions are not taken into account in determining fair value.

The fair value of the long-term share unit award incentive plan and associated distribution units are measured based on the
volume-weighted average price for 20 days ending at the reporting date of the Company's shares.


                                                                                                                              29
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


vi) Finance lease assets

The fair value of finance lease assets is based on market values at the inception date.

6. ACQUISITION

On October 2, 2017, Pembina acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Veresen Inc. ("Veresen") by way of a plan
of arrangement (the "Arrangement") for total consideration of $6.4 billion comprised of $1.522 billion in cash and 99.466
million common shares valued at $4.356 billion and series 15, 17 and 19 preferred shares valued at $522 million. In
accordance with the Arrangement, Veresen has been amalgamated with Pembina and the outstanding Veresen preferred
shares have been exchanged for Pembina preferred shares with the same terms and conditions.

Veresen owns and operates energy infrastructure assets across North America. Veresen is engaged in two principal
businesses; a pipeline transportation business comprised of interests in the Alliance Pipeline, the Ruby Pipeline and the
Alberta Ethane Gathering System, and a midstream business which includes a partnership interest in Veresen Midstream
Limited Partnership and an ownership interest in Aux Sable, which owns a natural gas liquids (NGL) processing and
extraction facility and other natural gas and NGL processing energy infrastructure. Veresen is also developing a LNG
marine terminal and a connector pipeline.

The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method where the acquired
tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition.
The purchase price equation, subject to finalization, is based on assessed fair values and is as follows:

($ millions)                                                                                                    October 2, 2017
Purchase Price Consideration
Common shares                                                                                                            4,356
Cash                                                                                                                     1,522
Preferred shares                                                                                                           522
                                                                                                                         6,400

Current assets                                                                                                              303
Investments in equity accounted investees                                                                                 6,115
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               612
Intangibles and other long term assets                                                                                      175
Goodwill                                                                                                                  1,774
Current liabilities                                                                                                        (192)
Long term debt                                                                                                             (993)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 (1,203)
Decommissioning provision                                                                                                   (10)
Other long term liabilities                                                                                                (121)
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                    (60)
                                                                                                                          6,400

The determination of fair values and the purchase price equation are based upon an independent valuation. The primary
drivers that generate goodwill are synergies and business opportunities from the integration of Pembina and Veresen.
Upon closing of the Acquisition, Pembina repaid Veresen's revolving credit facility of $152 million. The recognition of
goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The Company has recognized $25 million in acquisition-related
expenses. All acquisition-related expenses have been expensed as incurred and are included in other expenses in the
Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income.


                                                                                                                             30
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Revenue generated by the Veresen business for the period from the Acquisition date of October 2, 2017 to December 31,
2017 was $15 million. Net earnings for the same period were $111 million. If the acquisition had occurred on January 1,
2017, management estimates that consolidated revenue would have increased an additional $44 million and consolidated
gross profit for the year would have increased an additional $247 million. In determining these amounts, management has
assumed that the fair value adjustments that arose on the date of acquisition would have been the same if the acquisition
had occurred on January 1, 2017.

The accounting for the acquisition will be further revised as the Company finalizes interpretations of contracts, long term
liabilities and commitments outstanding on the date of acquisition.

7. TRADE RECEIVABLES AND OTHER

As at December 31 ($ millions)                                                                       2017               2016
Trade receivables from customers                                                                      178                162
Other receivables                                                                                     335                274
Prepayments                                                                                            17                 16
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                        (1)                (1)
Total trade receivables and other                                                                     529                451



                                                                                                                              31
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


8. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                             Land and                    Facilities and              Assets Under
($ millions)                               Land Rights      Pipelines      Equipment        Other    Construction         Total
Cost
Balance at December 31, 2015                       149          3,882            4,076        900           1,721        10,728
Additions and Transfers                             69            211            1,116        168             244         1,808
Acquisition                                                       100              391         20              11           522
Change in decommissioning provision                                61              (31)                                      30
Disposals and other                                                (1)             (38)         1              (11)         (49)
Balance at December 31, 2016                       218          4,253            5,514      1,089           1,965        13,039
Additions and transfers                             70          1,895            1,230        133          (1,428)        1,900
Acquisition (Note 6)                                41            448                                         123           612
Change in decommissioning provision                                63              (21)                                      42
Disposals and other                                                (9)              (8)         1              (1)          (17)
Balance at December 31, 2017                       329          6,650            6,715      1,223             659        15,576

Depreciation
Balance at December 31, 2015                          6           928              420        120                         1,474
Depreciation                                          1            41              160         45                           247
Disposals and other                                                (3)              (5)        (5)                          (13)
Balance at December 31, 2016                          7           966              575        160                         1,708
Depreciation                                          2           136              148         48                           334
Disposals and other                                                (6)              (2)        (4)                          (12)
Balance at December 31, 2017                          9         1,096              721        204                         2,030


Carrying amounts
Balance at December 31, 2016                       211          3,287            4,939        929           1,965        11,331
Balance at December 31, 2017                       320          5,554            5,994      1,019             659        13,546

Property, plant and equipment under construction

Costs of assets under construction at December 31, 2017 totaled $659 million (2016: $1,965 million) including capitalized
borrowing costs.

For the year ended December 31, 2017, included in additions and transfers are capitalized borrowing costs related to the
construction of new pipelines or facilities amounting to $63 million (2016: $72 million), with capitalization rates ranging from
3.87 percent to 4.39 percent (2016: 4.29 percent to 4.59 percent).

Depreciation

Pipeline assets are depreciated using the straight line method over one to 75 years with the majority of assets depreciated
over 40 years. Facilities and equipment are depreciated using the straight line method over one to 75 years with the
majority of assets depreciated over 40 years. Other assets are depreciated using the straight line method over one to 40
years with the majority of assets depreciated over 40 years. These rates are established to depreciate remaining net book
value over the shorter of their useful lives or economic lives.


                                                                                                                             32
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Commitments

At December 31, 2017, the Company had contractual construction commitments for property, plant and equipment of
$1,340 million (December 31, 2016: $2,196 million), excluding significant projects awaiting regulatory approval.

9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL

                                                                            Intangible Assets
                                                        Purchase and
                                                       Sale Contracts      Customer       Purchase               Total Goodwill &
($ millions)                                Goodwill       and Other    Relationships       Option      Total   Intangible Assets
Cost
Balance at December 31, 2015                   2,097             201             440            277      918               3,015
Acquisition                                                                       49                      49                  49
Additions and other                                               11              (1)                     10                  10
Balance at December 31, 2016                   2,097             212             488            277      977               3,074
Acquisition (Note 6)                           1,774                             151                     151               1,925
Additions and other                                                4              (1)                      3                   3
Balance at December 31, 2017                   3,871             216             638            277    1,131               5,002

Amortization
Balance at December 31, 2015                                     110              83                     193                 193
Amortization                                                      17              30                      47                  47
Balance at December 31, 2016                                     127             113                     240                 240
Amortization                                                      18              30                      48                  48
Balance at December 31, 2017                                     145             143                     288                 288

Carrying amounts
Balance at December 31, 2016                   2,097              85             375            277      737               2,834
Balance at December 31, 2017                   3,871              71             495            277      843               4,714

Intangible assets with a finite useful life are amortized using the straight line method over 2 to 60 years. The purchase
option attributable to the Midstream operating segment of $277 million to acquire property, plant and equipment is not
being amortized because it is not exercisable until 2018.


                                                                                                                               33
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


The aggregate carrying amount of intangible assets and goodwill allocated to each operating segment is as follows:

December 31 ($ millions)                                               2017                                         2016
                                                                      Intangible                                   Intangible
                                                       Goodwill          Assets            Total     Goodwill         Assets         Total
Conventional Pipelines                                     453              175             628          453             188          641
Oil Sands & Heavy Oil                                       28                 6             34           28                6          34
Gas Services                                               176               62             238          176              66          242
Midstream                                                1,440              433           1,873        1,440             459        1,899
Veresen                                                  1,774              147           1,921
Corporate                                                                    20              20                           18           18
                                                          3,871             843           4,714            2,097         737        2,834

Goodwill Impairment Testing

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the Company's operating segments which represents the
lowest level within the Company at which the goodwill is monitored for management purposes. During the fourth quarter,
impairment testing for goodwill was performed as at October 1, 2017, other than in respect of goodwill acquired in the
Acquisition (Note 6) on October 2, 2017 given its recent proximity to our annual testing date. The recoverable amounts
were based on their value in use and were determined to be higher than their carrying amounts.

The recoverable amount was determined using the value-in-use model by discounting the future cash flows generated from
the continuing use of each operating segment. The calculation of the value in use is based on the following key
assumptions:

    •    Cash flows are projected based on past experience, actual operating results and four years (2016: four years) of
         the business plan approved by management;

    •    Long-term growth: cash flows for periods up to 75 years (2016: 75 years) were extrapolated using a constant
         medium-term inflation rate, except where contracted, long-term cash flows indicated that no inflation should be
         applied or a specific reduction in cash flows was more appropriate; and

    •    Pre-tax discount rates were applied in determining the recoverable amount of operating segments. Discount rates
         were estimated based on past experience, the risk free rate and average cost of debt, targeted debt to equity ratio,
         in addition to estimates of the specific operating segment's equity risk premium, size premium, small capitalization
         premium, projection risk, betas and tax rate.

The following summarizes the key assumptions used in the impairment test:

                                                                                                 Operating Segments
                                                                         Conventional         Oil Sands &            Gas
2017 (percent)                                                              Pipelines           Heavy Oil        Services       Midstream
Pre-tax discount rate                                                            7.68                7.81            7.17             8.20
Adjusted inflation rate                                                          1.48                0.81            1.25             1.80
Incremental increase in discount rate that would result in carrying
value equal to recoverable amount
  Increase in pre-tax discount rate                                                8.39             2.09             3.94            2.30



                                                                                                                                        34
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


10. INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES

                                                                                                         Share of Profit from
                                                                                                        Investments in Equity                  Investments in Equity
                                                     Ownership Interest                                  Accounted Investees                    Accounted Investees
                                                      At December 31                                   Year ended December 31                     At December 31
 ($ millions)                              December 31, 2017    December 31, 2016                            2017           2016                    2017         2016
 Alliance(1)                                                    50%                                               40                                 2,776
 Aux Sable(1)                                         42.7% - 50%                                                 22                                   449
 Ruby Pipeline(1)(3)                                          50%(2)                                              29                                 1,516
 Veresen Midstream(1)                                      46.3%                                                  22                                 1,365
 Other                                                 50% - 75%                               50%                 3                   1               123               134
                                                                                                                 116                   1             6,229               134

(1)   On October 2, 2017 Pembina acquired Investments in Equity Accounted Investees through the acquisition of Veresen Inc. Refer to Note 6 Acquisition, for further details.
(2)   Ownership interest in Ruby based presented as a 50 percent proportionate share with benefit of preferred distribution structure.
(3)   Share of profit of Investments in Equity Accounted Investees for Ruby is equal to preferred interest distribution.


Investments in Equity Accounted Investees include the unamortized excess of the purchase price over the underlying net
book value of the investee's assets and liabilities at the purchase date, which is comprised of $90 million (2016 - $65
million) Goodwill, $3,059 million (2016 - $22 million) in property, plant and equipment and intangibles and $87 million in
long-term debt (2016 -nil).

Contributions made to Investments in Equity Accounted Investees for the year ended December 31, 2017 were $7 million
(2016 - $2 million) and are included in Investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

Summarized combined financial information of the Company's interest in unconsolidated Investments in Equity Accounted
Investees is as follows:

                                                                                                                                    Year ended December 31
 ($ millions)                                                                                                                             2017             2016
 Net Income
 Revenue                                                                                                                                      281                         23
 Cost of sales                                                                                                                                (53)                        (2)
 General and administrative expense                                                                                                           (23)                        (4)
 Depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                (83)                       (15)
 Finance costs and other                                                                                                                       (6)                        (1)
 Net Income                                                                                                                                   116                          1


                                                                                                                                        As at December 31
 ($ millions)                                                                                                                              2017                        2016
 Balance Sheet
 Current assets                                                                                                                               363                           2
 Property, plant and equipment (1)                                                                                                          7,287                         67
 Intangible asset (2)                                                                                                                       1,361                         22
 Goodwill                                                                                                                                      90                         65
 Other non-current assets                                                                                                                      44
 Current liabilities                                                                                                                          455                          5
 Long-term debt                                                                                                                             2,303                         21
 Other long-term liabilities                                                                                                                  412                         24

(1)   At December 31, 2017, property, plant and equipment is comprised of 39 percent Alliance, 27 percent Ruby, 26 percent Veresen Midstream, 7 percent Aux Sable and 1
      percent Other.
(2)   At December 31, 2017, intangible assets is comprised of 53 percent Alliance and 45 percent Veresen Midstream, 1 percent Aux Sable and 1 percent Other.



                                                                                                                                                                           35
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Commitments

The Company has a contractual commitment to advance $127 million (US$102 million) to Ruby Pipeline Holding Company
L.L.C. by March 31, 2018.

11. INCOME TAXES

The movements of the components of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:

                                                 Balance at                     Recognized in Other                                       Balance at
                                              December 31,     Recognized in        Comprehensive                                      December 31,
($ millions)                                          2016         Earnings                 Income     Acquisition   Equity    Other           2017
Deferred income tax assets
Derivative financial instruments                        20                (9)                                                                    11
Employee benefits                                        8                                       (1)                                              7
Share-based payments                                    12                 9                                                                     21
Provisions                                             133                12                                    8                               153
Benefit of loss carryforwards                           90               (57)                                 137                10             180
Other deductible temporary differences                  41                12                                   11        (3)     (5)             56

Deferred income tax liabilities
Property, plant and equipment                        (1,193)           (243)                                   75                             (1,361)
Intangible assets                                      (150)             (6)                                  (42)                              (198)
Investments in equity accounted investees                (6)            190                                (1,357)                            (1,173)
Taxable limited partnership income deferral             (25)              4                                   (35)                               (56)
Other taxable temporary differences                     (10)             (6)                                                                     (16)
Total deferred tax liabilities                       (1,080)            (94)                     (1)       (1,203)       (3)      5           (2,376)




                                                                                                                                                  36
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


                                                                                  Recognized in
                                                    Balance at                           Other                                           Balance at
                                                 December 31,    Recognized in   Comprehensive                                        December 31,
($ millions)                                             2015        Earnings          Income     Acquisition   Equity       Other            2016
Deferred income tax assets
Derivative financial instruments                            5              15                                                                   20
Employee benefits                                           1               5                2                                                   8
Share-based payments                                        9               3                                                                   12
Provisions                                                124               9                                                                  133
Benefit of loss carryforwards                              63              27                                                                   90
Other deductible temporary differences                      7              35                                       2           (3)             41

Deferred income tax liabilities
Property, plant and equipment                            (929)           (259)                            (5)                                (1,193)
Intangible assets                                        (170)             20                                                                  (150)
Investments in equity accounted investees                  12             (18)                                                                   (6)
Taxable limited partnership income deferral               (49)             24                                                                   (25)
Other taxable temporary differences                       (10)                                                                                  (10)
Total deferred tax liabilities                           (937)           (139)               2            (5)       2           (3)          (1,080)


The Company's consolidated statutory tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2017 was 27 percent (2016: 27 percent).

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

Year Ended December 31 ($ millions, except as noted)                                                                2017                    2016
Earnings before income tax                                                                                          1,033                    654
Statutory tax rate (percent)                                                                                           27                     27
Income tax at statutory rate                                                                                          279                    176
Tax rate changes on deferred income tax balances                                                                        1                     (2)
Changes in estimate and other                                                                                          16                      1
US Tax Reform                                                                                                        (166)
Permanent items                                                                                                        12                      14
Income tax expense                                                                                                    142                     189

The Company's estimate of impact of US tax reform may be adjusted in the future based on anticipated regulations or
guidance from the US Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service.


                                                                                                                                                 37
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Income tax expense

Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                2017              2016
Current tax expense                                                                                  48                50
Deferred tax expense
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                   286               168
Tax rate changes on deferred tax balances                                                          (191)               (2)
(Increase) / Decrease in tax loss carry forward                                                      (1)              (27)
Total deferred tax expense                                                                           94               139
Total income tax expense                                                                            142               189

Deferred tax items recovered directly in equity

Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                2017              2016
Share issue costs                                                                                    (3)                2
Other comprehensive income/ (loss)                                                                   (1)                2
Deferred tax items recovered directly in equity                                                      (4)                4

The Company has temporary differences associated with its investments in subsidiaries and interests in joint
arrangements. At December 31, 2017, the Company has not recorded a deferred tax asset or liability for these temporary
differences (December 31, 2016: nil) as the Company controls the timing of the reversal and it is not probable that the
temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future.

At December 31, 2017, the Company had US$261 million (December 31, 2016: US$68 million) of U.S. tax losses that will
expire after 2030, and $394 million (December 31, 2016: $205 million) of Canadian tax losses that will expire after 2035.
The Company has determined that it is probable that future taxable profits will be sufficient to utilize these losses.

12. TRADE PAYABLES AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES

As at December 31 ($ millions)                                                                     2017              2016
Trade payables                                                                                      465               475
Other payables & accrued liabilities                                                                248               163
Total current trade and accrued liabilities                                                         713               638



                                                                                                                        38
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


13. LOANS AND BORROWINGS

This note provides information about the contractual terms of the Company's interest-bearing loans and borrowings, which
are measured at amortized cost.

Carrying value, terms and conditions, and debt maturity schedule

                                                                                                                                Carrying value
                                                           Authorized at
                                                           December 31,                           Nominal     Year of     December 31,    December 31,
 ($ millions)                                                      2017                      interest rate   maturity            2017            2016
                                                                                              prime + 0.45
 Operating facility(1)                                                    20     or BA(2) / LIBOR + 1.45        2018(3)
                                                                                              prime + 0.45
 Revolving unsecured credit facility(1)                               2,500      or BA(2) / LIBOR + 1.45        2020             1,778            353
 Senior unsecured notes – series C                                      200                           5.58      2021               199            199
 Senior unsecured notes – series D                                      267                           5.91      2019               266            266
 Alberta Ethane Gathering System LP senior
 notes                                                                   73                         5.565       2020                77
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes series 1                            250                          4.89       2021               249            249
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes series 2                            450                          3.77       2022               449            449
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes series 3                            450                          4.75       2043               446            446
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes series 4                            600                          4.81       2044               596            596
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes series 5                            450                          3.54       2025               448            448
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes series 6                            500                          4.24       2027               498            497
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes series 7                            500                          3.71       2026               497            497
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes series 8                            650                          2.99       2024               645
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes series 9                            550                          4.74       2047               541
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes 1A                                  150                          4.00       2018               152
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes 3A                                   50                          5.05       2022                52
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes 4A                                  200                          3.06       2019               207
 Senior unsecured medium-term notes 5A                                  350                          3.43       2021               354
 Finance lease liabilities and other                                                                                                 9               8
 Total interest bearing liabilities                                   8,210                                                      7,463           4,008
 Less current portion                                                                                                             (163)             (6)
 Total non-current                                                                                                               7,300           4,002

(1)   The nominal interest rate is based on the Company's credit rating at December 31, 2017.
(2)   Bankers' Acceptance.
(3)   Operating facility expected to be renewed on an annual basis.


On January 20, 2017, Pembina closed an offering of $300 million of senior unsecured Series 8 medium-term notes (the
"Series 8 Notes"). The Series 8 Notes have a fixed coupon of 2.99 percent per annum, paid semi-annually, and mature on
January 22, 2024. Simultaneously, Pembina closed an offering of $300 million of senior unsecured Series 9 medium-term
notes (the "Series 9 Notes"). The Series 9 Notes have a fixed coupon of 4.74 percent per annum, paid semi-annually, and
mature on January 21, 2047.

On August 16, 2017, Pembina closed an offering of $600 million of senior unsecured medium-term notes. The offering was
conducted in two tranches consisting of $350 million principal amount through the re-opening of Pembina's Series 8 Notes
and $250 million through the re-opening of Pembina's Series 9 Notes.


                                                                                                                                                    39
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


In conjunction with the closing of the Acquisition on October 2, 2017, Pembina and Veresen undertook an amalgamation
under the Alberta Business Corporations Act. As a result, Pembina assumed all obligations related to the senior unsecured
medium-term notes 1A, 3A, 4A and 5A, and, indirectly, the Alberta Ethane Gathering System L.P. senior notes.

All facilities are governed by specific debt covenants which Pembina was in compliance with at December 31, 2017
(December 31, 2016: in compliance).

For more information about the Company's exposure to interest rate, foreign currency and liquidity risk, see financial
instruments and financial risk management Note 24.

14. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

($ millions, except as noted)                                                                                 Series F – 5.75%
Conversion price (dollars per share)                                                                                    $ 29.53
Interest payable semi-annually in arrears on:                                                         June 30 and December 31
Maturity Date                                                                                               December 31, 2018
Balance at December 31, 2015                                                                                                143
Conversions and redemptions                                                                                                  (2)
Unwinding of discount rate                                                                                                    1
Deferred financing fee (net of amortization)                                                                                  1
Balance at December 31, 2016                                                                                                143
Conversions                                                                                                                 (52)
Unwinding of discount rate                                                                                                    1
Deferred financing fee (net of amortization)                                                                                  1
Balance at December 31, 2017                                                                                                 93

The Series F debentures may be converted at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $29.53 per common share
at any time prior to maturity and may be in whole or in part at the option of the Company at a price equal to their principal
amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Any accrued unpaid interest will be paid in cash.

The Company retains a cash conversion option on the Series F convertible debentures, allowing the Company to pay cash
to the converting holder of the debentures, at the option of the Company. The cash conversion feature is recognized as an
embedded derivative and accounted for as a derivative financial instrument, measured at fair value using an option pricing
model.

15. DECOMMISSIONING PROVISION

($ millions)                                                                                          2017                2016
Balance as at January 1                                                                                496                 462
Unwinding of discount rate                                                                              12                  10
Change in rates                                                                                         43                 (73)
Acquisition                                                                                             10
Additions                                                                                               33                  55
Change in estimates and other                                                                          (43)                 42
Total                                                                                                  551                 496
Less current portion (included in accrued liabilities)                                                  (5)                 (8)
Balance as at December 31                                                                              546                 488

The decommissioning provision reflects the discounted cash flows expected to be incurred to decommission the
Company's pipeline systems, gas processing and fractionation plants, and storage and terminalling hubs. The estimated
economic lives of assets covered by the decommissioning provision range from 1 to 75 years, with the majority of assets
having an economic life of 40 years. The estimated economic lives of the underlying assets are used to determine the
undiscounted cash flows at the time of decommissioning and are also reflective of the expected timing of economic
outflows relating to the provision.


                                                                                                                             40
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


The Company applied a 1.8 percent inflation rate per annum (December 31, 2016: 1.8 percent) and a risk-free rate of 2.3
percent (December 31, 2016: 2.3 percent) to calculate the present value of the decommissioning provision. The change in
rates of $43 million is the result of the recalculation of the Veresen decommissioning provision using the above risk free
rate compared to the valuation of the provision at acquisition using a risk adjusted rate. Changes in the measurement of
the decommissioning provision are added to, or deducted from, the cost of the related asset in property, plant and
equipment. When a re-measurement reduction of the decommissioning provision is in excess of the carrying amount of the
related asset, the amount is credited to depreciation expense. For the year ended December 31, 2017, $4 million was
credited to depreciation expense (December 31, 2016 - nil).

16. SHARE CAPITAL

Pembina is authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares, a number of a class of Class A Preferred Shares,
issuable in series, not to exceed twenty percent of the number of issued and outstanding Common Shares at the time of
issuance of any Class A Preferred Shares and an unlimited number of Class B Preferred Shares. The holders of the
common shares are entitled to receive notice of, attend and vote at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company,
receive dividends declared and share in the remaining property of the Company upon distribution of the assets of the
Company among its shareholders for the purpose of winding-up its affairs.

Pembina has adopted a shareholder rights plan ("Plan") as a mechanism designed to assist the board in ensuring the fair
and equal treatment of all shareholders in the face of an actual or contemplated unsolicited bid to take control of the
Company. Take-over bids may be structured in such a way as to be coercive or discriminatory in effect, or may be initiated
at a time when it will be difficult for the board to prepare an adequate response. Such offers may result in shareholders
receiving unequal or unfair treatment, or not realizing the full or maximum value of their investment in Pembina. The Plan
discourages the making of any such offers by creating the potential of significant dilution to any offeror who does so. The
Plan was reconfirmed at Pembina's 2016 meeting of Shareholders and must be reconfirmed at every third annual meeting
thereafter. Accordingly, the Plan, with such amendments as the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or
advisable, and as may otherwise be required by law, is expected to be placed before Shareholders for approval at
Pembina's 2019 annual meeting. A copy of the agreement relating to the current Plan has been filed on Pembina's SEDAR
and EDGAR profiles.

Common Share Capital

                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                        Common Shares       Common Share
($ millions, except as noted)                                                                (millions)           Capital
Balance at December 31, 2015                                                                        373            7,991
Issued, net of issue costs                                                                           10              335
Dividend reinvestment plan                                                                           13              449
Debenture conversions                                                                                                  2
Share-based payment transactions                                                                      1               31
Balance at December 31, 2016                                                                        397            8,808
Issued on Acquisition, net of issue costs                                                            99            4,356
Dividend reinvestment plan                                                                            4              148
Debenture conversions                                                                                 2               73
Share-based payment transactions                                                                      1               62
Balance at December 31, 2017                                                                        503           13,447



                                                                                                                         41
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Preferred Share Capital

                                                                                                Number of
                                                                                          Preferred Shares         Preferred
($ millions, except as noted)                                                                     (millions)    Share Capital
Balance at December 31, 2015                                                                             45            1,100
Class A, Series 11 Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                             7             166
Class A, Series 13 Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                           10              243
Balance at December 31, 2016                                                                             62            1,509
Class A, Series 15 Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                             8             178
Class A, Series 17 Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                             6             141
Class A, Series 19 Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                             8             203
Class A, Series 21 Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                           16              393
Balance at December 31, 2017                                                                            100            2,424

On December 7, 2017, Pembina issued 16 million cumulative redeemable minimum rate reset class A Series 21 Preferred
Shares for aggregate gross proceeds of $400 million. The holders of Series 21 Preferred Shares are entitled to receive
fixed cumulative dividends at an annual rate of $1.225 per share, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors. The
dividend rate will reset on March 1, 2023 and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the sum of the then five-year
Government of Canada bond yield plus 3.26 percent, provided that, in any event, such rate shall not be less than 4.90
percent. The Series 21 Preferred Shares are redeemable by the Company at its option on March 1, 2023 and every fifth
year thereafter at a price of $25.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends.

Holders of the Series 21 Preferred Shares have the right to convert their shares into cumulative redeemable floating rate
Class A Preferred Shares, Series 22 ("Series 22 Preferred Shares"), subject to certain conditions, on March 1, 2023 and
every fifth year thereafter. Holders of Series 22 Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive a cumulative quarterly floating
dividend at a rate equal to the sum of the then 90-day government of Canada bond yield plus 3.26 percent, if, as and when
declared by the Board of Directors.

On October 2, 2017, in connection with the Acquisition, the outstanding preferred shares of Veresen have been exchanged
for Pembina Class A Series 15, 17 and 19 Preferred Shares with the same terms and conditions as the shares previously
issued by Veresen. Dividends on the Series 15, 17 and 19 Preferred Shares will continue to be paid on the last business
day of March, June, September and December in each year, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors.

On April 27, 2016, Pembina issued 10 million cumulative redeemable minimum rate reset class A Series 13 Preferred
Shares for aggregate gross proceeds of $250 million. The holders of Series 13 Preferred Shares are entitled to receive
fixed cumulative dividends at an annual rate of $1.4375 per share, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors. The
dividend rate will reset on June 1, 2021 and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the sum of the then five-year
Government of Canada bond yield plus 4.96 percent, provided that, in any event, such rate shall not be less than 5.75
percent. The Series 13 Preferred Shares are redeemable by the Company at its option on June 1, 2021 and every fifth year
thereafter at a price of $25.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends.

Holders of the Series 13 Preferred Shares have the right to convert their shares into cumulative redeemable floating rate
Class A Preferred Shares, Series 14 ("Series 14 Preferred Shares"), subject to certain conditions, on June 1, 2021 and
every fifth year thereafter. Holders of Series 14 Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive a cumulative quarterly floating
dividend at a rate equal to the sum of the then 90-day government of Canada bond yield plus 4.96 percent, if, as and when
declared by the Board of Directors.


                                                                                                                            42
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


On January 15, 2016, Pembina issued 6.8 million cumulative redeemable minimum rate reset class A Series 11 Preferred
Shares for aggregate gross proceeds of $170 million. The holders of Series 11 Preferred Shares are entitled to receive
fixed cumulative dividends at an annual rate of $1.4375 per share, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors. The
dividend rate will reset on March 1, 2021 and every five years thereafter at a rate equal to the sum of the then five-year
Government of Canada bond yield plus 5.00 percent, provided that, in any event, such rate shall not be less than 5.75
percent. The Series 11 Preferred Shares are redeemable by the Company at its option on March 1, 2021 and every fifth
year thereafter at a price of $25.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends.

Holders of the Series 11 Preferred Shares have the right to convert their shares into cumulative redeemable floating rate
Class A Preferred Shares, Series 12 ("Series 12 Preferred Shares"), subject to certain conditions, on March 1, 2021 and
every fifth year thereafter. Holders of Series 12 Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive a cumulative quarterly floating
dividend at a rate equal to the sum of the then 90-day government of Canada bond yield plus 5.00 percent, if, as and when
declared by the Board of Directors.

Dividends

The following dividends were declared by the Company:

Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                  2017               2016
Common shares
 Common shares $2.04000 per qualifying share (2016: $1.89750)                                          873                737
Preferred shares
 $1.062500 per qualifying Series 1 preferred share (2016: $1.062500)                                    11                 11
 $1.175000 per qualifying Series 3 preferred share (2016: $1.175000)                                     7                  7
 $1.250000 per qualifying Series 5 preferred share (2016: $1.250000)                                    12                 12
 $1.125000 per qualifying Series 7 preferred share (2016: $1.125000)                                    11                 11
 $1.187500 per qualifying Series 9 preferred share (2016: $1.187500)                                    11                 11
 $1.437500 per qualifying Series 11 preferred share (2016: $1.259325)                                   10                  8
 $1.437500 per qualifying Series 13 preferred share (2016: $0.859575)                                   14                  9
 $0.279000 per qualifying Series 15 preferred share (2016: nil)                                          2
 $0.312500 per qualifying Series 17 preferred share (2016: nil)                                          2
 $0.312500 per qualifying Series 19 preferred share (2016: nil)                                          3
                                                                                                        83                 69

Pembina's Board of Directors approved a 6.25 percent increase in its monthly common share dividend rate (from $0.16 per
common share to $0.17 per common share), effective for the dividend paid on May 15, 2017. In connection with the
Acquisition, Pembina increased its monthly dividend by an additional 5.88 percent to $0.18 per common share, effective for
the dividend paid on November 15, 2017.

On January 8, 2018, Pembina announced that its Board of Directors had declared a dividend of $0.18 per qualifying
common share ($2.16 annually) in the total amount of $91 million, payable on February 15, 2018 to shareholders of record
on January 25, 2018. Pembina's Board of Directors also declared quarterly dividends for the Company's preferred shares,
Series 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13 and 21 in the total amount of $24 million payable on March 1, 2018 to shareholders of record on
February 1, 2018 and Series 15, 17, and 19 in the total amount of $6 million payable on March 31, 2018 to shareholders of
record on March 15, 2018.


                                                                                                                            43
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Series                                         Dividend Amount
Series 1                               $               0.265625
Series 3                               $               0.293750
Series 5                               $               0.312500
Series 7                               $               0.281250
Series 9                               $               0.296875
Series 11                              $               0.359375
Series 13                              $               0.359375
Series 15                              $               0.279000
Series 17                              $               0.312500
Series 19                              $               0.312500
Series 21                              $               0.281900

DRIP

Pembina suspended its Premium Dividend™1 and Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP"), effective April 25, 2017.
Accordingly, the March 2017 dividend was the last dividend with the ability to be reinvested through the DRIP.
Shareholders who were enrolled in the program automatically received dividends in the form of cash. If Pembina elects to
reinstate the DRIP in the future, shareholders that were enrolled in the DRIP at suspension and remained enrolled at
reinstatement will automatically resume participation in the DRIP. Proceeds for 2017 were $148 million compared to $449
million in 2016.

17. DEFERRED REVENUE

Deferred revenue consists of asset purchases that occurred at a nominal value in exchange for future toll reductions which
is amortized to revenue over the life of the asset. Deferred revenue also includes other payments received from customers
or lessors related to capital expenditures or lease inducements which are amortized over the lease or contract terms.

The Company will adopt IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers on January 1, 2018. See discussion in note 4(r)
for additional information.

18. PERSONNEL EXPENSES

Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                               2017               2016
Salaries and wages                                                                                 194                183
Share-based compensation expense (Note 23)                                                          73                 46
Short-term incentive plan                                                                           45                 35
Pension plan expense                                                                                20                 17
Health, savings plan and other benefits                                                             18                 18
                                                                                                   350                299


1 TM
       denotes trademark of Canaccord Genuity Corp.



                                                                                                                        44
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


19. NET FINANCE COSTS

Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                     2017               2016
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortized cost:
  Loans and borrowings                                                                                    162                91
  Convertible debentures                                                                                    9                11
  Unwinding of discount rate                                                                               12                10
Gain in fair value of non-commodity-related derivative financial instruments                               (8)               (3)
Loss on revaluation of conversion feature of convertible debentures                                        13                40
Foreign exchange (gains) losses and other                                                                  (3)                4
Net finance costs                                                                                         185               153

Net interest paid of $216 million (2016: $163 million) includes interest paid during construction of $63 million (2016: $72
million).

20. OPERATING SEGMENTS

The Company determines its reportable segments based on the nature of operations and includes five operating
segments: Conventional Pipelines, Oil Sands & Heavy Oil, Gas Services, Midstream and Veresen.

Conventional Pipelines consists of the tariff-based operations of pipelines and related facilities to deliver crude oil,
condensate and NGL in Alberta, British Columbia, Saskatchewan, and North Dakota, United States.

Oil Sands & Heavy Oil consists of the Syncrude, Horizon, Nipisi and Mitsue Pipelines, and the Cheecham Lateral. These
pipelines and related facilities deliver synthetic crude oil produced from oil sands under long-term cost-of-service
arrangements.

Gas Services consists of natural gas gathering and processing facilities, including shallow and deep cut sweet and sour
gas processing plants and gathering systems.

Midstream consists of the Company's interests in extraction and fractionation facilities, terminalling and storage hub
services under a mixture of short, medium and long-term contractual arrangements.

Veresen consists of: tariff-based operations of pipelines and related facilities to deliver natural gas and NGL in Alberta,
British Columbia and the United States; gas services which consists of natural gas gathering and processing facilities; and
an interest in assets which include a NGL extraction facility near Chicago, Illinois and other natural gas and NGL
processing facilities, logistics and distribution assets in the U.S. and Canada.

The financial results of the business segments are included below. Performance is measured based on results from
operating activities, net of depreciation and amortization, as included in the internal management reports that are reviewed
by the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other Senior Vice Presidents. These results are used
to measure performance as management believes that such information is the most relevant in evaluating results of certain
segments relative to other entities that operate within these industries. Intersegment transactions are recorded at market
value and eliminated under corporate and intersegment eliminations.


                                                                                                                              45
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


12 Months Ended                                                                                                                               Corporate &
December 31, 2017                                   Conventional        Oil Sands &           Gas                                            Intersegment
($ millions)                                         Pipelines(1)         Heavy Oil       Services      Midstream(2)(3)        Veresen        Eliminations    Total
External revenue:
  Pipeline transportation                                       780               207                                                  15                     1,002
  Terminalling, storage and hub services                                                                             4,034                                    4,034
  Gas services                                                                                   372                                                            372
Total external revenue                                          780               207            372                 4,034             15                     5,408
Inter-segment revenue:
  Pipeline transportation                                       104                  3                                                               (107)
  Gas services                                                                                      6                                                  (6)
  Total inter-segment revenue                                   104                  3              6                                                (113)
Total revenue(4)                                                884               210            378                 4,034             15             (113)   5,408
 Operating expenses                                             227                66             89                    69              8               (9)     450
 Cost of goods sold, including product
     purchases                                                                                    13                 3,262                            (113)   3,162
 Realized loss on commodity-related
     derivative financial instruments                              1                                                    93                                      94
 Share of profit of investments in equity
     accounted investees                                                                                                             116                       116
 Depreciation and amortization included
    in operations                                               157                 18            59                   116              9                      359
 Unrealized gain on commodity-related
    derivative financial instruments                             (1)                                                   (22)                                     (23)
Gross profit                                                    500               126            217                   516           114                 9    1,482
 Depreciation included in general and
    administrative                                                                                                                      1              22       23
 Other general and administrative                                 14                 5             11                   27              5             151      213
 Other (income) expense                                           (6)               (1)             1                   11                             23       28
Reportable segment results from
  operating activities                                          492               122            205                   478           108             (187)    1,218
Net finance costs (income)                                        8                 1              1                    18            (3)             160       185
Reportable segment earnings (loss)
  before tax                                                    484               121            204                   460            111            (347)    1,033
Capital expenditures                                          1,150                15            243                   395             24              12     1,839
Contributions to equity accounted
  investees                                                                                                               1             6                         7
Acquisition                                                                                                                        6,400                      6,400

(1)   Conventional Pipelines revenue includes $22 million associated with U.S. pipeline sales.
(2)   NGL product and services, terminalling, storage and hub services revenue includes $215 million associated with U.S. midstream sales.
(3)   Pembina aggregates its NGL and crude oil midstream activities based on shared economic risk characteristics.
(4)   No customer accounted for 10 percent or more of total revenue.



                                                                                                                                                                 46
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


 12 Months Ended                                                                                                                              Corporate &
 December 31, 2016                                  Conventional        Oil Sands &           Gas                                            Intersegment
 ($ millions)                                        Pipelines(1)         Heavy Oil       Services      Midstream(2)(3)        Veresen        Eliminations    Total
External revenue:
  Pipeline transportation                                       606               199                                                                           805
  Terminalling, storage and hub services                                                                            3,183                                     3,183
  Gas services                                                                                   277                                                            277
Total external revenue                                          606               199            277                3,183                                     4,265
Inter-segment revenue:
  Pipeline transportation                                       113                  3                                                               (116)
  Gas services                                                                                      6                                                  (6)
Total inter-segment revenue                                     113                  3              6                                                (122)
Total revenue (4)                                               719               202            283                3,183                            (122)    4,265
 Share of profit of investments in equity
     accounted investees                                                                                                 1                                       1
 Operating expenses                                             222                 62            76                    69                             (10)    419
 Cost of goods sold, including product
     purchases                                                                                    12                 2,611                           (122)    2,501
 Realized loss on commodity-related
     derivative financial instruments                              3                                                      7                                     10
 Depreciation and amortization included
    in operations                                               103                 17            52                   101                                     273
 Unrealized (gain) loss on commodity-
    related derivative financial
    instruments                                                  (2)                                                    63                                       61
Gross profit                                                    393               123            143                   333                             10     1,002
 Depreciation included in general and
    administrative                                                                                                                                     20       20
 Other general and administrative                                 10                 5              8                   24                            128      175
 Other (income) expense                                          (11)                1              1                    8                                      (1)
Reportable segment results from
  operating activities                                          394               117            134                   301                           (138)     808
Net finance costs                                                 5                 1              2                     8                            137      153
Reportable segment earnings (loss)
  before tax                                                    389               116            132                   293                           (275)     655
Capital expenditures                                            957               124            146                   504                             14     1,745
Contributions to equity accounted
  investees                                                                                                               2                                      2
Acquisition                                                                                      566                                                           566

(1)   Conventional Pipelines revenue includes $13 million associated with U.S. pipeline sales.
(2)   NGL product and services, terminalling, storage and hub services revenue includes $139 million associated with U.S. midstream sales.
(3)   Pembina aggregates its NGL and crude oil midstream activities based on shared economic risk characteristics.
(4)   One customer accounted for 10 percent of total revenue.



                                                                                                                                                                 47
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


21. EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE

Basic earnings per common share

The calculation of basic earnings per common share at December 31, 2017 was based on the earnings attributable to
common shareholders of $805 million (2016: $394 million) and a weighted average number of common shares outstanding
of 426 million (2016: 388 million).

Diluted earnings per common share

The calculation of diluted earnings per common share at December 31, 2017 was based on earnings attributable to
common shareholders of $811 million (December 31, 2016: $394 million), and weighted average number of common
shares outstanding after adjustment for the effects of all dilutive potential common shares of 432 million (2016: 389 million).

Earnings attributable to common shareholders

Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                   2017               2016
Earnings                                                                                               891                466
Dividends on preferred shares                                                                          (83)               (69)
Cumulative dividends on preferred shares, not yet declared                                              (3)                (3)
Earnings attributable to common shareholders (basic)                                                   805                394
Effect of after-tax interest on debentures to earnings                                                   6
Earnings attributable to common shareholders (diluted)                                                 811                394

Weighted average number of common shares

(In millions of shares, except as noted)                                                              2017               2016
Issued common shares at January 1                                                                      397                373
Effect of shares issued on Acquisition                                                                  25                  8
Effect of conversion of convertible debentures                                                           1
Effect of shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan                                                 3                  7
Weighted average number of common shares at December 31 (basic)                                        426                388

Dilutive effect of debentures converted                                                                  4
Dilutive effect of share options on issue                                                                2                  1
Weighted average number of common shares at December 31 (diluted)                                      432                389

Basic earnings per common share (dollars)                                                             1.89                1.02
Diluted earnings per common share (dollars)                                                           1.88                1.01

At December 31, 2016, the effect of the conversion of the convertible debentures was excluded from the diluted earnings
per common share calculation as the impact was anti-dilutive. If the convertible debentures were included, an additional 5
million common shares would be added to the weighted average number of common shares and $8 million would be
added to earnings, representing after-tax interest expense of the convertible debentures.

The average market value of the Company's shares for purposes of calculating the dilutive effect of share options was
based on quoted market prices for the period during which the options were outstanding.


                                                                                                                            48
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


22. PENSION PLAN

December 31 ($ millions)                                                                             2017               2016
Registered defined benefit net obligation                                                              10                 16
Supplemental defined benefit net obligation                                                            11                 10
Other accrued benefit obligations                                                                       1                  1
Net employee benefit obligations                                                                       22                 27

The Company maintains a defined contribution plan and non-contributory defined benefit pension plans covering its
employees. The Company contributes five to ten percent of an employee's earnings to the defined contribution plan until
the employee's age plus years of service equals 50, at which time they become eligible for the defined benefit plans. The
Company recognized $7 million in expense for the defined contribution plan during the year (2016: $6 million). The defined
benefit plans include a funded registered plan for all employees and an unfunded supplemental retirement plan for those
employees affected by the Canada Revenue Agency maximum pension limits. The defined benefit plans are administered
by a single pension fund that is legally separated from the Company. Benefits under the plans are based on the length of
service and the annual average best three years of earnings during the last ten years of service of the employee. Benefits
paid out of the plans are not indexed. The Company measures its accrued benefit obligations and the fair value of plan
assets for accounting purposes as at December 31 of each year. The most recent actuarial valuation was at December 31,
2016. The defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks such as longevity risk, interest rate risk, and market
(investment) risk.

Defined benefit obligations

December 31                                                               2017                             2016
                                                                 Registered    Supplemental       Registered    Supplemental
($ millions)                                                           Plan           Plan              Plan           Plan
Present value of unfunded obligations                                                    11                              10
Present value of funded obligations                                     192                              180
Total present value of obligations                                      192              11              180             10
Fair value of plan assets                                               182                              164
Recognized liability for defined benefit obligations                    (10)            (11)             (16)           (10)

The Company funds the defined benefit obligation plans in accordance with government regulations by contributing to trust
funds administered by an independent trustee. The funds are invested primarily in equities and bonds. Defined benefit plan
contributions totalled $16 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 (2016: $15 million).

The Company has determined that, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the defined benefit plans, and in
accordance with statutory requirements of the plans, the present value of refunds or reductions in future contributions is not
lower than the balance of the total fair value of the plan assets less the total present value of obligations. As such, no
decrease in the defined benefit asset is necessary at December 31, 2017 (December 31, 2016: nil).


                                                                                                                           49
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Registered defined benefit pension plan assets comprise

December 31 (percentages)                                                                         2017             2016
Equity securities                                                                                   65%              61%
Debt                                                                                                35%              38%
Other                                                                                                                 1%
                                                                                                  100%              100%

Movement in the present value of the defined benefit pension obligation

                                                                       2017                            2016
                                                              Registered    Supplemental      Registered    Supplemental
($ millions)                                                        Plan           Plan             Plan           Plan
Defined benefits obligations at January 1                            180             10              160              8
Benefits paid by the plan                                            (13)                             (8)
Current service costs                                                 14                              11
Interest expense                                                       7                               6
Actuarial losses in other comprehensive income                         4              1               11              2
Defined benefit obligations at December 31                           192             11              180             10

Movement in the present value of registered defined benefit pension plan assets

($ millions)                                                                                      2017             2016
Fair value of plan assets at January 1                                                             164              146
Contributions paid into the plan                                                                    16               15
Benefits paid by the plan                                                                          (13)              (8)
Return on plan assets                                                                                8                5
Interest income                                                                                      7                6
Fair value of registered plan assets at December 31                                                182              164

Expense recognition in earnings

Registered Plan
Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                               2017             2016
Current service costs                                                                               14               11
Interest on obligation                                                                               7                6
Expected return on plan assets                                                                      (7)              (6)
                                                                                                    14               11

The expense is recognized in the following line items in the statement of comprehensive income:

Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                               2017             2016
Registered Plan
Operating expenses                                                                                   7                5
General and administrative expense                                                                   7                6
                                                                                                    14               11

Expense recognized for the Supplemental Plan was less than one million for each of the years ended December 31, 2017
and 2016.


                                                                                                                      50
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Actuarial gains and losses recognized in other comprehensive income

                                                           2017                                      2016
                                         Registered     Supplemental                Registered    Supplemental
($ millions)                                   Plan             Plan      Total           Plan            Plan           Total
Balance at January 1                            (25)               (1)      (26)           (20)             (1)           (21)
Remeasurements gain:
Actuarial gain (loss) arising from
Demographic assumptions                                                                     (1)                             (1)
Financial assumptions                             (4)                        (4)            (5)                             (5)
Experience adjustments                             1                          1             (3)                             (3)
Return on plan assets excluding
interest income                                    6                          6              4                               4
Recognized during the period after tax             3                          3             (5)                             (5)
Balance at December 31                           (22)              (1)      (23)           (25)              (1)           (26)

Principal actuarial assumptions used:

December 31 (weighted average percent)                                                              2017                 2016
Discount rate                                                                                         3.6%                 3.9%
Future pension earning increases                                                                      4.0%                 4.0%

Assumptions regarding future mortality are based on published statistics and mortality tables. The current longevities
underlying the values of the liabilities in the defined plans are as follows:

December 31 (years)                                                                                  2017                2016
Longevity at age 65 for current pensioners
Males                                                                                                 21.7                21.6
Females                                                                                               24.1                24.0
Longevity at age 65 for current member aged 45
Males                                                                                                 22.8                22.7
Females                                                                                               25.1                25.0

The calculation of the defined benefit obligation is sensitive to the discount rate, compensation increases, retirements and
termination rates as set out above. An increase or decrease of the estimated discount rate of 3.6 percent by 100 basis
points at December 31, 2017 is considered reasonably possible in the next financial year but would not have a material
impact on the obligation.

The Company expects to contribute $17 million to the defined benefit plans in 2018.

23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

At December 31, 2017, the Company has the following share-based payment arrangements:

Share option plan (equity settled)

The Company has a share option plan under which employees are eligible to receive options to purchase shares in the
Company.

Long-term share unit award incentive plan (cash-settled)

In 2005, the Company established a long-term share unit award incentive plan. Under the share-based compensation plan,
awards of restricted (RSU) and performance (PSU) share units are made to officers, non-officers and directors. The plan
results in participants receiving cash compensation based on the value of the underlying notional shares granted under the
plan. Payments are based on a trading value of the Company's common shares plus notional dividends and performance
of the Company.


                                                                                                                            51
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


In 2015, the Company also established a deferred share units (DSU) plan. Under the DSU plan, directors are required to
take at least forty percent of total director compensation, excluding meeting fees, as DSUs. A DSU is a notional share that
has the same value as one Pembina common share. Its value changes with our share price. DSUs do not have voting
rights but they accrue dividends as additional DSUs, at the same rate as dividends paid on the Company's common
shares. DSUs are paid out when a director retires from the board and are redeemed for cash using the weighted average
of trading price of common shares on the TSX for the last five trading days before the redemption date, multiplied by the
number of DSUs the director holds. As of January 1, 2018, directors no longer receive meeting fees.

Terms and conditions of share option plan and share unit award incentive plan

The terms and conditions relating to the grants of the share option program and the long-term share unit award incentive
plans are listed in the tables below:

 Grant date share options granted to employees                                                                                                      Contractual life of
 (thousands of options, except as noted)                                                                               Number of options                     options
 March 8, 2016                                                                                                                     2,613                              7
 March 30, 2016                                                                                                                      227                              7
 July 4, 2016                                                                                                                         88                              7
 August 16, 2016                                                                                                                   1,268                              7
 October 3, 2016                                                                                                                      62                              7
 November 15, 2016                                                                                                                 1,240                              7
 March 7, 2017                                                                                                                     1,697                              7
 May 16, 2017                                                                                                                         64                              7
 August 14, 2017                                                                                                                     868                              7
 October 11, 2017                                                                                                                     40                              7
 November 14, 2017                                                                                                                   784                              7
 December 8, 2017                                                                                                                     77                              7

One-third vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, one-third vest on the second anniversary of the grant date and
one-third vest on the third anniversary of the grant date.

Long-term share unit award incentive plan(1)

 Grant date RSUs, PSUs and DSUs to Officers, Non-Officers(2)
 and Directors
 (thousands of units, except as noted)                                                      PSUs(3)               RSUs(3)                  DSUs                  Total
 January 1, 2016                                                                               365                   372                     49                   786
 January 1, 2017                                                                               307                   303                     32                   642

(1)   Distribution Units are granted in addition to RSU and PSU grants based on notional accrued dividends from RSU and PSU granted but not paid.
(2)   Non-Officers defined as senior selected positions within the Company.
(3)   Contractual life of 3 years.


PSUs vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. RSUs vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date, one-
third on the second anniversary of the grant date and one-third on the third anniversary of the grant date. Actual units
awarded based on the trading value of the shares and performance of the Company.


                                                                                                                                                                     52
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Disclosure of share option plan

The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options as follows:

                                                                                                                     Weighted Average
(thousands of options, except as noted)                                                 Number of Options        Exercise Price (dollars)
Outstanding at December 31, 2015                                                                   10,006                 $        40.98
Granted                                                                                             5,498                 $        36.41
Exercised                                                                                            (577)                $        28.20
Forfeited                                                                                            (509)                $        41.25
Expired                                                                                              (108)                $        46.83
Outstanding at December 31, 2016                                                                   14,310                 $        39.68
Granted                                                                                             3,530                 $        43.28
Exercised                                                                                          (1,405)                $        33.03
Forfeited                                                                                            (502)                $        40.58
Expired                                                                                              (256)                $        47.15
Outstanding as at December 31, 2017                                                                15,677                 $        40.94

As of December 31, 2017, the following options are outstanding:

(thousands of options, except as noted)                         Number outstanding at                                  Weighted average
Exercise Price (dollars)                                          December 31, 2017      Options Exercisable               remaining life
                       $25.28 – $33.85                                         3,713                  2,145                        3.83
                       $33.86 – $40.48                                         3,011                  1,224                        5.33
                       $40.49 – $43.06                                         3,303                    570                        5.77
                       $43.07 – $45.15                                         2,490                  2,309                        4.08
                       $45.16 – $52.01                                         3,160                  2,376                        4.48
Total                                                                         15,677                  8,624                        4.70

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised in the year ended December 31,
2017 was $43.49 (December 31, 2016: $39.27).

Expected volatility is estimated by considering historic average share price volatility. The weighted average inputs used in
the measurement of the fair values at grant date of share options are the following:

Share options granted

Year Ended December 31 (dollars, except as noted)                                                              2017                 2016
Weighted average
   Fair value at grant date                                                                                     4.49                3.71
   Share price at grant date                                                                                   43.13               36.47
   Exercise price                                                                                              43.28               36.41
   Expected volatility (percent)                                                                                23.5                25.1
   Expected option life (years)                                                                                 3.67                3.67
Expected annual dividends per option                                                                            2.04                1.90
Expected forfeitures (percent)                                                                                   6.1                 6.7
Risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds) (percent)                                                    1.2                 0.7



                                                                                                                                       53
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Disclosure of long-term share unit award incentive plan

The long-term share unit award incentive plans was valued using the volume weighted average price for 20 days ending
December 31, 2017 of $44.94 (December 31, 2016: $41.18). Actual payment may differ from amount valued based on
market price and company performance.

Employee expenses

Year Ended December 31
($ millions)                                                                                         2017               2016
Share option plan, equity settled                                                                      16                 15
Long-term share unit award incentive plan                                                              57                 31
Share-based compensation expense                                                                       73                 46

Total carrying amount of liabilities for cash settled arrangements                                     79                 44
Total intrinsic value of liability for vested benefits                                                 36                 24

24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial Risk Management

Pembina has exposure to counterparty credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk. Pembina recognizes that effective
management of these risks is a critical success factor in managing organization and shareholder value.

Risk management strategies, policies and limits ensure risks and exposures are aligned to Pembina's business strategy
and risk tolerance. The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for providing risk management oversight at Pembina.
The Company's Audit Committee oversees how management monitors compliance with the Company's risk management
policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of this risk framework in relation to the risks faced by the Company.
Internal audit personnel assist the Audit Committee in its oversight role by monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of
the organization's risk management system.

Counterparty credit risk

Counterparty credit risk represents the financial loss the Company would experience if a counterparty to a financial
instrument failed to meet its contractual obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the financial instruments
with the Company. Counterparty credit risk arises primarily from the Company's cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
receivables, and from counterparties to its derivative financial instruments. The carrying amount of the Company's cash
and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, advances to related parties and derivative financial instruments
represents the maximum counterparty credit exposure, without taking into account security held.

The Company manages counterparty credit risk through established credit management techniques, including conducting
comprehensive financial and other assessments for all new counterparties and regular reviews of existing counterparties to
establish and monitor a counterparty's creditworthiness, setting exposure limits, monitoring exposures against these limits
and obtaining financial assurances where warranted. The Company utilizes various sources of financial, credit and
business information in assessing the creditworthiness of a counterparty including external credit ratings, where available,
and in other cases, detailed financial statement analysis in order to generate an internal credit rating based on quantitative
and qualitative factors. The establishment of counterparty exposure limits is governed by a Board of Directors designated
counterparty exposure limit matrix which represents the maximum dollar amounts of counterparty exposure by debt rating
that can be approved for a counterparty. The Company continues to closely monitor and reassess the creditworthiness of
its counterparties, which has resulted in the Company reducing or mitigating its exposure to certain counterparties where it
was deemed warranted and permitted under contractual terms.


                                                                                                                           54
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Financial assurances may include guarantees, letters of credit and cash. Letters of credit totaling $110 million
(December 31, 2016: $115 million) are held primarily in respect of customer trade receivables.

Typically, the Company has collected its trade receivables in full and at December 31, 2017, 96 percent were current
(2016: 95 percent). Management defines current as outstanding accounts receivable under 30 days past due. The
Company has a general lien and a continuing and first priority security interest in, and a secured charge on, all of a
shipper's petroleum in its custody.

At December 31, the aging of trade and other receivables was as follows:

Past Due                                                                                                 2017              2016
31-60 days past due                                                                                         6                 2
61-90 days past due                                                                                                           1
Greater than 91 days                                                                                                          4
                                                                                                            6                 7


The Company uses a loss allowance matrix to measure lifetime expected credit losses at initial recognition and throughout
the life of the receivable. The loss allowance matrix is determined based on the Company's historical default rates over the
expected life of trade receivables, adjusted for forward-looking estimates. Management believes the unimpaired amounts
that are past due by greater than 30 days are fully collectible based on historical default rates of customers and
management's assessment of counterparty credit risk through established credit management techniques as discussed
above. At December 31, 2017, the impairment loss allowance amounted to $1 million (2016: $1 million). Pembina
recognized less than $1 million in impairment losses on financial assets during 2017 (2016: $1 million).

The Company monitors and manages its concentration of counterparty credit risk on an ongoing basis. The Company
believes these measures minimize its counterparty credit risk but there is no certainty that they will protect it against all
material losses. As part of its ongoing operations, the Company must balance its market and counterparty credit risks when
making business decisions.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they come due. The following are
the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated interest payments.


                                                                                                                                55
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


                                                                                  Outstanding balances due by period
                                         Carrying      Expected     Less Than 1                                        More Than
December 31, 2017 ($ millions)           Amount      Cash Flows            Year        1 - 3 Years     3 - 5 Years       5 Years
Trade payables and accrued liabilities       713            713             713
Taxes Payable                                  25            25               3                 4               4             14
Loans and borrowings                       7,463         10,389             392             2,749           1,658          5,590
Convertible debentures                         93           101             101
Dividends payable                              91            91              91
Derivative financial liabilities               79            79              79
Finance leases                                 30            30               7                 7               2            14

The Company manages its liquidity risk by forecasting cash flows over a 12 month rolling time period to identify financing
requirements. These financing requirements are then addressed through a combination of credit facilities and through
access to capital markets, if required.

Market risk

Pembina's results are subject to movements in commodity prices, foreign exchange and interest rates. A formal Risk
Management Program including policies and procedures has been designed to mitigate these risks.

a. Commodity price risk

Pembina's Midstream business includes activities related to product storage, terminalling, and hub services. These
activities expose Pembina to certain risks including that Pembina may experience volatility in revenue, and impairments
related to the book value of stored product, due to fluctuations in commodity prices. Primarily, Pembina enters into
contracts to purchase and sell crude and NGL at floating market prices. The prices of products that are marketed by
Pembina are subject to volatility as a result of such factors as seasonal demand changes, extreme weather conditions,
general economic conditions, changes in crude oil markets and other factors. Pembina manages its risk exposure by
balancing purchases and sales to lock-in margins. Notwithstanding Pembina's management of price and quality risk,
marketing margins for commodities can vary and have varied significantly from period to period. This variability could have
an adverse effect on the results of Pembina's commercial Midstream business and its overall results of operations. To
assist in effectively smoothing that variability inherent in this business, Midstream is investing in assets that have a fee-
based revenue component, and is looking to expand this area going forward.

The Midstream business is also exposed to possible price declines between the time Pembina purchases NGL feedstock
and sells NGL products, and to decreasing frac spreads. Frac spread is the difference between the sale prices of NGL
products and the cost of NGL sourced from natural gas and acquired at natural gas related prices. Frac spreads can
change significantly from period to period depending on the relationship between crude oil and natural gas prices (the "frac
spread ratio"), absolute commodity prices, and changes in the Canadian to US dollar foreign exchange rate. There is also
a differential between NGL product prices and crude oil prices which can change margins realized for midstream products
separate from frac spread ratio changes. The amount of profit or loss made on the extraction portion of the NGL midstream
business will generally increase or decrease with frac spreads. This exposure could result in variability of cash flow
generated by the NGL midstream business, which could affect Pembina and the cash dividends of Pembina.


                                                                                                                              56
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Pembina responds to commodity price risk by using an active Risk Management Program to fix revenues to pay for a
minimum of 50 percent of the fixed committed term natural gas supply costs. Pembina's fixed committed natural gas supply
can vary from year to year based on industry dynamics. Additionally, Pembina's Midstream business is also exposed to
variability in quality, time and location differentials and the Company may also utilize financial derivative instruments as part
of its overall risk management strategy to assist in managing the exposure to commodity price risk as a result of these
activities. The Company does not trade financial instruments for speculative purposes.

b. Foreign exchange risk

Certain of Pembina's cash flows, namely a portion of its commodity-related cash flows, certain cash flows from U.S.-based
infrastructure assets, and distributions from U.S.-based Investments in Equity Accounted Investees, are subject to currency
risk, arising from the denomination of specific cash flows in U.S. dollars. Additionally, a portion of Pembina's capital
expenditures, and contributions or loans to Pembina's U.S.-based Investments in Equity Accounted Investees, may be
denominated in U.S. dollars. Pembina monitors, assesses, and responds to these foreign currency risks using an active
Risk Management Program, which may include the exchange of foreign currency for domestic currency at a fixed rate.

c. Interest rate risk

Pembina has floating interest rate debt which subjects the Company to interest rate risk. Pembina responds to this risk
under the active Risk Management Program to enter into financial derivative contracts to fix interest rates.

At the reporting date, the interest rate profile of the Company's interest-bearing financial instruments was:

 Carrying Amounts of Financial Liability
 December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                                                      2017                          2016
 Fixed rate instruments                                                                                                                        5,685                         3,655
 Variable rate instruments (1)                                                                                                                 1,778                           353
                                                                                                                                               7,463                         4,008

(1)   At December 31, 2017, the Company held positions in financial derivative contracts to fix interest rates on $100 million of the underlying variable rate instruments
      (December 31, 2016 - $100 million).


Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable rate instruments

A change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the reporting date would have (increased) decreased earnings by the
amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.

 December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                                                      2017                      2016
                                                                                                                                           ± 100 bp                   ± 100 bp
 Variable rate instruments                                                                                                                      ±18                         ±4
 Interest rate swap                                                                                                                              ±1                         ±1
 Earnings sensitivity (net)                                                                                                                     ±17                         ±3



                                                                                                                                                                                57
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Fair values

The fair values of financial assets and liabilities, together with the carrying amounts shown in the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position, are as follows:

                                                                                    December 31, 2017               December 31, 2016
                                                                                            Fair Value(3)                   Fair Value(3)
                                                                              Carrying                        Carrying
 ($ millions)                                                                    Value   Level 1    Level 2     value    Level 1     Level 2
 Financial assets carried at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                    4                   4          9                      9
 Financial assets carried at amortized cost
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                        321        321                   35         35
 Trade receivables and other                                                      529        529                  451        451
 Advances to related parties                                                       42         42
 Other assets                                                                      13                   13         11                    11
                                                                                  905        892        13        497        486         11
 Financial liabilities carried at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments(1)                                                79                  79        123                   123
 Financial liabilities carried at amortized cost
 Trade payables and accrued liabilities                                           713        713                  638        638
 Taxes Payable(1)                                                                   25        25                    5          5
 Dividends payable                                                                  91        91                   64         64
 Loans and borrowings(1)                                                         7,463               7,686      4,008                 4,234
 Convertible debentures(2)                                                          93       145                  143        210
                                                                                 8,385       974     7,686      4,858        917      4,234

(1)   Carrying value of current and non-current balances.
(2)   Carrying value excludes conversion feature of convertible debentures.
(3)   The basis for determining fair value is disclosed in Note 5.


Interest rates used for determining fair value

The interest rates used to discount estimated cash flows, when applicable, are based on the government yield curve at the
reporting date plus and adequate credit spread, and were as follows:

 December 31 (percents)                                                                                            2017                 2016
 Derivatives                                                                                                    1.4 - 1.8            0.9 - 1.1
 Loans and borrowings                                                                                           2.0 - 4.7            1.9 - 4.8

Fair value of power derivatives are based on market rates reflecting forward curves.

Fair value hierarchy

The fair value of financial instruments carried at fair value is classified according to the following hierarchy based on the
amount of observable inputs used to value the instruments.

Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as the reporting date.
Pembina does not use Level 1 inputs for any of its fair value measurements.

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). Level 2 valuations are based on inputs, including quoted forward
prices for commodities, time value and volatility factors, which can be substantially observed or corroborated in the
marketplace. Instruments in this category include non-exchange traded derivatives such as over-the-counter physical
forwards and options, including those that have prices similar to quoted market prices. Pembina obtains quoted market
prices for its inputs from information sources including banks, Bloomberg Terminals and Natural Gas Exchange. All of
Pembina's significant financial instruments carried at fair value are valued using Level 2 inputs.


                                                                                                                                            58
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


The following table is a summary of the net derivative financial instruments, which is consistent with the gross balances:

                                                                               2017                                                     2016
                                                                   Non-                       Non-                              Non-                   Non-
                                                    Current      Current      Current      Current                  Current   Current   Current     Current
 December 31 ($ millions)                            Asset        Asset       Liability    Liability        Total    Asset     Asset    Liability   Liability       Total
 Commodity, power, storage and rail
 financial instruments                                      4                       (31)                     (27)        9                   (61)         (1)        (53)
 Interest rate                                                                       (2)                      (2)                             (3)         (3)         (6)
 Foreign exchange                                                                                                                             (1)                     (1)
 Conversion feature of convertible
 debentures (Note 14)                                                               (46)                     (46)                                        (54)        (54)
 Net derivative financial instruments                       4                       (79)                     (75)        9                   (65)        (58)       (114)


Sensitivity analysis

The following table shows the impact on earnings if the underlying risk variables of the derivative financial instruments
changed by a specified amount, with other variables held constant.

 As at December 31, 2017 ($ millions)                                                                                             + Change                      - Change
 Frac spread related
  Natural gas                                                   (AECO +/- $0.25 per GJ)                                                     4                         (4)
  NGL (includes propane, butane and                             (Belvieu/Conway +/- U.S. $0.10 per gal)
  condensate)                                                                                                                             (18)                        18
  Foreign exchange (U.S.$ vs. Cdn$)                             (FX rate +/- $0.20)                                                       (25)                        25
 Product margin
  Crude oil                                                     (WTI +/- $2.50 per bbl)                                                   (2)                         2
  NGL (includes condensate)                                     (Belvieu/Conway +/- U.S. $0.10 per gal)                                  N/A                        N/A
 Corporate
  Interest rate                                                 (Rate +/- 50 basis points)                                                0.4                       (0.4)
  Power(1)                                                      (AESO +/- $5.00 per MW/h)
 Conversion feature of convertible debentures                   (Pembina share price +/- $0.50 per common
                                                                share)                                                                      (1)                        1

(1)   As at December 31, 2017, there were no outstanding financial derivative contracts related to power.



                                                                                                                                                                       59
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


25. OPERATING LEASES

Leases as lessee

Operating lease rentals are payable as follows:

December 31 ($ millions)                                                                             2017               2016
Less than 1 year                                                                                       95                101
Between 1 and 5 years                                                                                 379                383
More than 5 years                                                                                     270                327
                                                                                                      744                811

The Company leases a number of offices, warehouses, vehicles, land and rail cars under operating leases. The leases run
for a period of one to 12 years, with an option to renew the lease after that date. The Company has sublet office space and
rail cars up to 2027 and has contracted sub-lease payments for a minimum of $90 million over the term. The amounts
shown in the table above are presented gross.

Leases as lessor

Operating lease revenues are receivable as follows:

December 31 ($ millions)                                                                            2017               2016
Less than 1 year                                                                                       62                 61
Between 1 and 5 years                                                                                 246                247
More than 5 years                                                                                     702                763
                                                                                                    1,010              1,071

The Company' lease revenues are generated through minimum payments for certain pipeline assets that are contracted
exclusively for use by a single customer. Minimum lease payments received are amortized over the term of the lease. The
carrying value of property, plant and equipment under lease is $484 million (December 31, 2016: $461 million). Total
revenue earned from minimum lease payments was $61 million in 2017 (2016: $55 million) and from contingent lease
payments was $21 million (2016: $26 million).

26. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The Company's objective when managing capital is to ensure a stable stream of dividends to shareholders that is
sustainable over the long-term. The Company manages its capital structure based on requirements arising from significant
capital development activities, the risk characteristics of its underlying asset base, and changes in economic conditions.
Pembina manages its capital structure and short-term financing requirements using Non-GAAP measures, including the
ratios of debt to Adjusted EBITDA, debt to total enterprise value, adjusted cash flow to debt and debt to equity. The metrics
are used to measure the Company's financial leverage and measure the strength of the Company's balance sheet. The
Company remains satisfied that the leverage currently employed in its capital structure is sufficient and appropriate given
the characteristics and operations of the underlying asset base. The Company, upon approval from its Board of Directors,
will balance its overall capital structure through new equity or debt issuances, as required.

The Company maintains a conservative capital structure that allows it to finance its day-to-day cash requirements through
its operations, without requiring external sources of capital. The Company funds its operating commitments, short-term
capital spending as well as its dividends to shareholders through this cash flow, while new borrowing and equity issuances
are primarily reserved for the support of specific significant development activities. The capital structure of the Company
consists of shareholder's equity, comprised of common and preferred equity, plus long-term debt. Long-term debt is
comprised of bank credit facilities, unsecured notes, finance lease obligations and convertible debentures.


                                                                                                                           60
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Pembina is subject to certain financial covenants in its credit facility agreements and is in compliance with all financial
covenants as of December 31, 2017.

Note 16 of these financial statements shows the change in Share Capital for the year ended December 31, 2017.

27. GROUP ENTITIES

Significant subsidiaries

                                                                                                     Ownership Interest
December 31 (percentages)                                                                              2017                   2016
Pembina Pipeline                                                                                        100                    100
Pembina West Limited Partnership                                                                        100                    100
Pembina Gas Services Limited Partnership                                                                100                    100
Pembina Oil Sands Pipeline LP                                                                           100                    100
Pembina Midstream Limited Partnership                                                                   100                    100
Pembina Infrastructure and Logistics LP                                                                 100                    100
Pembina Empress NGL Partnership                                                                         100                    100
Pembina Resource Services Canada                                                                        100                    100
Pembina Prairie Facilities Ltd.                                                                         100                    100
Fort Chicago Pipeline II US LP                                                                          100                    100
Fort Chicago Holdings II US LLC                                                                         100                    100
Veresen U.S. Infrastructure Inc.                                                                        100                    100
Veresen Energy Infrastructure No. 2 Inc.                                                                100                    100

28. RELATED PARTIES

All transactions with related parties were made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length transactions.

Investments in equity accounted investees

During the fourth quarter and twelve months ended December 31, 2017, Pembina advanced $7 million and $13 million,
respectively, in funds to its 50 percent owned joint venture, Canada Kuwait Petrochemical Corporation ("CKPC"). In
addition, during the fourth quarter and twelve months ended December 31, 2017, Pembina advanced US$10 million in
addition to the US$13 million balance assumed on Acquisition for a total of US$23 million advanced to its jointly controlled
investment in Ruby Pipeline Holding Company L.L.C., and has additional commitments to advance US$102 million to the
same related party by March 31, 2018.

Key management personnel and director compensation

Key management consists of the Company's directors and certain key officers.


                                                                                                                                61
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Compensation

In addition to short-term employee benefits - including salaries, director fees and short term incentives - the Company also
provides key management personnel with share-based compensation, contributes to post employment pension plans and
provides car allowances, parking and business club memberships.

Key management personnel compensation comprised:

Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                 2017                2016
Short-term employee benefits                                                                           8                   5
Share-based compensation and other                                                                     7                   3
Total compensation of key management                                                                  15                   8

Transactions

Key management personnel and directors of the Company control less than one percent of the voting common shares of
the Company (consistent with the prior year). Certain directors and key management personnel also hold Pembina
convertible debentures and preferred shares. Dividend and interest payments received for the common shares and
debentures held are commensurate with other non-related holders of those instruments.

Certain officers are subject to employment agreements in the event of termination without just cause or change of control.

Post-employment benefit plans

Pembina has significant influence over the pension plans for the benefit of their respective employees. No balance payable
is outstanding at December 31, 2017 (December 31, 2016: nil).

Transactions

                                                                                                  Transaction Value
($ millions)                                                                                   Year Ended December 31
Post-employment benefit plan                  Transaction                                            2017               2016
Defined benefit plan                          Funding                                                  16                 15



                                                                                                                          62
CORPORATE INFORMATION
HEAD OFFICE

Pembina Pipeline Corporation
Suite 4000, 585 – 8th Avenue SW
Calgary, Alberta T2P 1G1
Phone: (403) 231-7500

AUDITORS

KPMG LLP
Chartered Professional Accountants
Calgary, Alberta

TRUSTEE, REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT

Computershare Trust Company of Canada
Suite 600, 530 – 8th Avenue SW
Calgary, Alberta T2P 3S8
1-800-564-6253

STOCK EXCHANGE

Pembina Pipeline Corporation
Toronto Stock Exchange listing symbols for:
Common shares: PPL
Convertible debentures: PPL.DB.F
Preferred shares: PPL.PR.A, PPL.PR.C, PPL.PR.E, PPL.PR.G,
PPL.PR.I, PPL.PR.K, PPL.PR.M, PPL.PR.O, PPL.PR.Q,
PPL.PR.S, PPL.PF.A

New York Stock Exchange listing symbol for:
Common shares: PBA

INVESTOR INQUIRIES
Phone: (403) 231-3156
Fax: (403) 237-0254
Toll Free: 1-855-880-7404
Email: investor-relations@pembina.com
Website: www.pembina.com


                                                            63
