EX-99.3 4 ex993.htm AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2013, PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS, AS ISSUED BY
THE INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD
                                                                                                                      Exhibit 99.3

Pembina Pipeline Corporation

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT
The audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Pembina Pipeline Corporation (the "Company" or "Pembina") are the
responsibility of Pembina's management. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, using management's best
estimates and judgments, where appropriate.
Management is responsible for the reliability and integrity of the financial statements, the notes to the financial statements
and other financial information contained in this report. In the preparation of these financial statements, estimates are
sometimes necessary because a precise determination of certain assets and liabilities is dependent on future events.
Management believes such estimates have been based on careful judgments and have been properly reflected in the
accompanying financial statements.
Management's Assessment of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined
in Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act") and under National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers' Annual and Interim Filings - (“NI 52-109”).
Management, including the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), has conducted an
evaluation of Pembina’s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Based on management’s assessment as at December 31, 2013, management has concluded that Pembina’s internal
control over financial reporting is effective.
Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a
misstatement of Pembina’s financial statements would be prevented or detected. Further, the evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was made as of a specific date, and continued effectiveness in
future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate.
The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") is responsible for ensuring management fulfils its responsibilities for
financial reporting and internal control. The Board is assisted in exercising its responsibilities through the Audit Committee,
which consists of four non-management directors. The Audit Committee meets periodically with management and the
auditors to satisfy itself that management's responsibilities are properly discharged, to review the financial statements and
to recommend approval of the financial statements to the Board.

                                                                                                                                  39
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


KPMG LLP, the independent auditors, have audited the Company's financial statements in accordance with Canadian
generally accepted auditing standards and Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) , and have also
audited the effectiveness of Pembina's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 and has included
an attestation report on management's assessment in their reports which follow. The independent auditors have full and
unrestricted access to the Audit Committee to discuss their audit and their related findings.




Michael H. Dilger                                                     Peter D. Robertson
President and Chief Executive Officer                                 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Pembina Pipeline Corporation                                          Pembina Pipeline Corporation

February 26, 2014

                                                                                                                        40
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


                                                       KPMG LLP                                               Telephone(403) 691-8000
                                                       205 - 5th Avenue SW                                    Fax(403) 691-8008
                                                       Suite 3100, Bow Valley Square 2                        www.kpmg.ca
                                                       Calgary AB
                                                       T2P 4B9

                  INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT OF REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Pembina Pipeline Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Pembina Pipeline Corporation (the “Corporation”),
which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, the
consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flow for the years then
ended, and notes, comprising a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.

Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,
and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted
our audits in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from
material misstatement.

An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. The procedures selected depend on our judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, we
consider internal control relevant to the entity’s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in
order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. An audit also includes evaluating the
appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained in our audits is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
audit opinion.

Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of the Corporation as at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, and its consolidated financial performance
and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
                         KPMG LLP is a Canadian limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                         network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
                         (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.

                         KPMG Confidential

                                                                                                                                        41
Pembina Pipeline Corporation




Other Matter
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO) (1992), and our report dated February 26, 2014 expressed an unmodified (unqualified)
opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting.


   Brian Rogers KPMG



Chartered Accountants
Calgary, Canada

February 26, 2014




                        KPMG LLP is a Canadian limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                        network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
                        (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.

                        KPMG Confidential

                                                                                                                      42
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


                                                       KPMG LLP                                               Telephone(403) 691-8000
                                                       205 - 5th Avenue SW                                    Fax(403) 691-8008
                                                       Suite 3100, Bow Valley Square 2                        www.kpmg.ca
                                                       Calgary AB
                                                       T2P 4B9



                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Pembina Pipeline Corporation
We have audited Pembina Pipeline Corporation (the “Corporation”) internal control over financial reporting as at
December 31, 2013, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (1992). The Corporation’s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report to the Shareholders. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

An entity’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. An entity’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the entity; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the entity are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the entity; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the entity’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2013, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (1992).


                         KPMG LLP is a Canadian limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                         network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
                         (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.

                         KPMG Confidential

                                                                                                                                        43
Pembina Pipeline Corporation




We also have audited, in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated statements of financial position of the Corporation
as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of earnings and
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flow for the years then ended, and our report dated February 26, 2014
expressed an unmodified (unqualified) opinion on those consolidated financial statements.


   Brian Rogers KPMG


Chartered Accountants
Calgary, Canada

February 26, 2014




                        KPMG LLP is a Canadian limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                        network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
                        (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.

                        KPMG Confidential

                                                                                                                      44
Pembina Pipeline Corporation

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at December 31
($ millions)                                                          Note                        2013     2012
Assets
Current assets
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        51       27
   Trade receivables and other                                          6                          434      335
   Derivative financial instruments                                    22                            4        8
   Inventory                                                                                       159      108
                                                                                                   648      478
 Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                         7                         5,750   5,014
  Intangible assets and goodwill                                        8                         2,564   2,623
  Investments in equity accounted investees                             9                           165     161
  Deferred tax assets                                                  10                            15       8
                                                                                                  8,494   7,806
 Total Assets                                                                                     9,142   8,284
 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
 Current liabilities
   Trade payables and accrued liabilities                              11                          461      345
   Taxes payable                                                                                    38
   Dividends payable                                                                                44       39
   Loans and borrowings                                                12                          262       12
   Derivative financial instruments                                    22                           13       16
                                                                                                   818      412
 Non-current liabilities
  Loans and borrowings                                                 12                         1,409   1,933
  Convertible debentures                                               13                           604     610
  Derivative financial instruments                                     22                           107      52
  Employee benefits, share-based payments and other                                                  25      49
  Provisions                                                           14                           309     361
  Deferred tax liabilities                                             10                           699     592
                                                                                                  3,153   3,597
 Total Liabilities                                                                                3,971   4,009
 Equity
 Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
   Common share capital                                                15                      5,972      5,324
   Preferred share capital                                             15                        391
   Deficit                                                                                    (1,189)     (1,028)
   Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                         (8)        (26)
                                                                                               5,166       4,270
 Non-controlling interest                                              27                          5           5
 Total Equity                                                                                  5,171       4,275
 Total Liabilities and Equity                                                                  9,142       8,284




                                See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                               45
Pembina Pipeline Corporation

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year Ended December 31
($ millions, except per share amounts)                               Note                        2013      2012
 Revenue                                                              18                         5,025   3,427
 Cost of sales                                                                                   4,238   2,920
 Gain on commodity-related derivative financial instruments                                          6      31
 Gross profit                                                         18                           793     538
   General and administrative                                                                      132      97
   Acquisition-related and other expense                                                             1      26
                                                                                                   133     123
 Results from operating activities                                                                 660     415
  Net finance costs                                                   17                           166     115
 Earnings before income tax                                                                        494     300

   Current tax expense                                                10                           38
   Deferred tax expense                                               10                          105      75
   Income tax expense                                                                             143      75

 Earnings for the year attributable to shareholders                                               351     225

Other comprehensive income (loss) that will never be
  reclassified to earnings
  Remeasurements of defined benefit liability                                                      24     (15)
  Related tax                                                                                      (6)       4
  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                       20                           18      (11)
 Total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders                                          369     214


 Earnings per common share
  Basic and diluted earnings per common share (dollars)               19                          1.12    0.87




                               See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                             46
Pembina Pipeline Corporation

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                               Attributable to Shareholders of the Company
                                                                                               Accumulated
                                                                                                      Other                Non-
                                                         Common Preferred                  Comprehensive              controlling    Total
($ millions)                                      Note    Shares     Shares       Deficit           Income    Total     Interest    Equity
 December 31, 2011                                          1,812                 (835)                (15)    962                    962
Total comprehensive income
  Earnings                                                                          225                        225                    225
 Other comprehensive income
  Defined benefit plan actuarial losses, net of
     tax                                          20                                                   (11)    (11)                   (11)
Total comprehensive income                                                          225                (11)    214                    214
Transactions with shareholders of the
  Company
  Dividend reinvestment plan                      15          219                                              219                    219
  Share-based payment transactions,
    debenture conversions and other               15            9                                                 9                      9
  Dividends declared - common                     15                              (418)                       (418)                  (418)
  Common shares issued on Acquisition             15        3,284                                             3,284                  3,284
Total transactions with shareholders of the
  Company                                                   3,512                 (418)                       3,094                  3,094
Non-controlling interest assumed on
  Acquisition                                     27                                                                           5         5
 December 31, 2012                                          5,324               (1,028)                (26)   4,270            5     4,275

Total comprehensive income
  Earnings                                                                          351                        351                    351
 Other comprehensive income
  Defined benefit plan actuarial gains, net of
     tax                                          20                                                    18      18                      18
Total comprehensive income                                                          351                 18     369                    369
Transactions with shareholders of the
  Company
  Common shares issued, net of issue costs        15          335                                              335                    335
  Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs     15                     391                                   391                    391
  Dividend reinvestment plan                      15          286                                              286                    286
  Share-based payment transactions,
     debenture conversions and other              15           27                                                27                     27
  Dividends declared - common                     15                              (507)                       (507)                  (507)
  Dividends declared - preferred                  15                                (5)                         (5)                    (5)
Total transactions with shareholders of the
  Company                                                     648        391      (512)                        527                    527
December 31, 2013                                           5,972        391    (1,189)                 (8)   5,166            5     5,171




                                  See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                                                         47
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                     Note                     2013    2012
Cash provided by (used in)
Operating activities
 Earnings for the year                                                                           351     225
 Adjustments for
   Depreciation and amortization                                                                 171     180
   Unrealized gain on commodity-related derivative financial
     instruments                                                                                   (7)    (36)
   Net finance costs                                                     17                       166     115
   Deferred income tax expense                                           10                       105      75
   Share-based payments expense                                          21                        34      17
   Other                                                                                            2      (5)
   Changes in non-cash working capital                                                            (75)   (110)
   Payments from equity accounted investees                                                        19      17
   Net interest paid                                                     17                      (115)   (118)
 Cash flow from operating activities                                                              651     360
 Financing activities
   Bank borrowings                                                                                170      6
   Repayment of loans and borrowings                                                             (649)   (61)
   Issuance of debt                                                                               200    450
   Issuance of common shares                                                                      345
   Issuance of preferred shares                                                                   400
   Financing fees                                                                                 (29)     (7)
   Exercise of stock options                                                                       17       7
   Dividends paid (net of shares issued under the dividend
   reinvestment plan)                                                                            (221)   (181)
 Cash flow from financing activities                                                              233     214
 Investing activities
   Capital expenditures                                                                          (880)   (584)
   Changes in non-cash investing working capital and other                                         33      37
   Contributions to equity accounted investees                                                    (13)     (8)
   Cash acquired on Acquisition                                          27                                 9
 Cash flow used in investing activities                                                          (860)   (546)
 Change in cash                                                                                    24      28
 Cash (bank indebtedness), beginning of year                                                       27      (1)
 Cash and cash equivalents end of year                                                             51      27




                               See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                            48
Pembina Pipeline Corporation

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             Page

 1.    REPORTING ENTITY                                        50
 2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION                                    50
 3.    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES                          52
 4.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES                         52
 5.    DETERMINATION OF FAIR VALUES                            65
 6.    TRADE RECEIVABLES AND OTHER                             66
 7.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT                           66
 8.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL                          67
 9.    INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES               68
 10.   INCOME TAXES                                            68
 11.   TRADE PAYABLES AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES                  70
 12.   LOANS AND BORROWINGS                                    70
 13.   CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES                                  71
 14.   PROVISIONS                                              72
 15.   SHARE CAPITAL                                           72
 16.   PERSONNEL EXPENSES                                      74
 17.   NET FINANCE COSTS                                       75
 18.   OPERATING SEGMENTS                                      75
 19.   EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE                               77
 20.   PENSION PLAN                                            78
 21.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS                                    81
 22.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT     83
 23.   OPERATING LEASES                                        87
 24.   CAPITAL MANAGEMENT                                      88
 25.   GROUP ENTITIES                                          88
 26.   RELATED PARTIES                                         89
 27.   ACQUISITION                                             89
 28.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS                                       91


                                                                49
Pembina Pipeline Corporation

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1.   REPORTING ENTITY
Pembina Pipeline Corporation ("Pembina" or the "Company") is an energy transportation and service provider domiciled in
Canada. The consolidated financial statements ("Financial Statements") include the accounts of the Company, its
subsidiary companies, partnerships and any interests in associates and jointly controlled entities as at and for the year
ended December 31, 2013. These Financial Statements present fairly the financial position, financial performance and
cash flows of the Company.
Pembina owns or has interests in pipelines that transport conventional crude oil and natural gas liquids ("NGL"), oil sands
and heavy oil pipelines, gas gathering and processing facilities, and an NGL infrastructure and logistics business. Facilities
are located in Canada and in the U.S. Pembina also offers midstream services that span across its operations.
2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
a.   Statement of compliance
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB").
Certain insignificant comparative amounts have been reclassified to conform with the presentation adopted in the current
year.
The Financial Statements were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 26, 2014.
b.   Basis of measurement
The Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following items in the statement of
financial position:
•    derivative financial instruments are measured at estimated fair value; and
•    liabilities for cash-settled share-based payment arrangements are measured at estimated fair value.
c.   Functional and presentation currency
The Financial Statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is the functional currency of the Company and its
subsidiaries. All financial information presented in Canadian dollars has been disclosed in millions except where noted.
d.   Use of estimates and judgments
The preparation of the Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates
and assumptions that are based on the circumstances and estimates at the date of the financial statements and affect the
application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may
differ from these estimates.
Judgments, estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.
The following judgment and estimation uncertainties are those management considers material to the Company's financial
statements:
                                                                                                                            50
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Judgments
(i)   Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The determination of fair value often
requires Management to make judgments about future possible events. The assumptions with respect to determining the
fair value of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets acquired generally require the most judgment.
(ii) Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are based on management's
judgment of the most appropriate method to reflect the pattern of an asset's future economic benefit expected to be
consumed by the Company. Among other factors, these judgments are based on industry standards and historical
experience.
Estimates
(i)   Business Combinations
Estimates of future cash flows, forecast prices, interest rates and discount rates are made in determining the fair value of
assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Changes in any of the assumptions or estimates used in determining the fair value
of acquired assets and liabilities could impact the amounts assigned to assets, liabilities, intangible assets and goodwill in
the purchase price analysis. Future earnings can be affected as a result of changes in future depreciation and amortization,
asset or goodwill impairment.
(ii) Provisions and contingencies
Provisions recognized are based on management's judgment about assessing contingent liabilities and timing, scope and
amount of liabilities. Management uses judgment in determining the likelihood of realization of contingent assets and
liabilities to determine the outcome of contingencies.
Based on the long-term nature of the decommissioning provision, the most significant uncertainties in estimating the
provision are the discount rates used, the costs that will be incurred and the timing of when these costs will occur. In
addition, in determining the provision it is assumed that the Company will utilize technology and materials that are currently
available.
(iii) Deferred taxes
The calculation of the deferred tax asset or liability is based on assumptions about the timing of many taxable events and
the enacted or substantively enacted rates anticipated to apply to income in the years in which temporary differences are
expected to be realized or reversed.
(iv) Depreciation and amortization
Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment is based on management's assumptions and estimates of the
physical useful lives of the assets, the economic life, which may be associated with the reserve life and commodity type of
the production area, in addition to the estimated residual value.
(v) Impairment tests
Annual goodwill impairment tests include management's estimates of future cash flows and discount rates.
                                                                                                                             51
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


3.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Except for the changes below, accounting policies as disclosed in Note 4 have been applied to all periods consistently.
The Company has adopted the following new standards and amendments to standards, including any consequential
amendments to other standards, as of January 1, 2013. The nature and effects of the changes are explained below:
a)   IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures
As a result of the amendments to IFRS 7, the Company has reviewed and, when required, expanded its disclosures about
the offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amendment has had no significant impact to the Company's
disclosure in the financial statements.
b)   IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement
IFRS establishes a single framework for measuring fair value and making disclosures about fair value measurements when
such measurements are required or permitted by other IFRSs. The change had no significant impact on the measurements
of the Company's assets and liabilities
c)   IAS 19 Employee Benefits (2011)
As a result of IAS 19 (2011), the Company has changed its accounting policy with respect to the basis for determining the
income or expense related to its post-employment defined benefit plan.
Under IAS 19 (2011), the Company determines net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability for the period by
applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the then-
net defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability during the period as a result
of contributions and benefit payments. Consequently, the net interest on the net defined benefit liability now comprises:
interest cost on the defined benefit obligation and interest income on plan assets. Previously, the Company determined
interest income on plan assets based on their long-term expected rate of return.
The quantitative impact is not material to the financial statements.
4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The accounting policies as set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these Financial
Statements.
a.   Basis of consolidation
i)   Business combinations
     The Company measures goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the recognized amount of
     any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, less the net recognized amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable
     assets acquired and liabilities assumed, all measured as of the acquisition date. When the excess is negative, a
     bargain purchase gain is recognized immediately in earnings.
                                                                                                                               52
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


      The Company elects on a transaction-by-transaction basis whether to measure non-controlling interest at its fair value,
      or at its proportionate share of the recognized amount of the identifiable net assets, at the acquisition date.
      Non-controlling interests represent equity interests in subsidiaries owned by outside parties. The share of net assets of
      subsidiaries attributable to non-controlling interests is presented as a separate component of equity. Their share of net
      income and other comprehensive income is also recognized in this separate component of equity. Changes in the
      Company's ownership interest in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
      transactions. Adjustments to non-controlling interests are based on a proportionate amount of the net assets of the
      subsidiary. No adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognized in earnings.
      Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the Company incurs in
      connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.
ii)   Subsidiaries
      Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
      Financial Statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases. The accounting policies
      of subsidiaries are aligned with the policies adopted by the Company.
iii) Investments in associates and jointly controlled entities (equity accounted investees)
      Associates are those entities in which the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the
      financial and operating policies. Significant influence is presumed to exist when the Company holds between 20 and 50
      percent of the voting power of another entity. Joint ventures are those entities over whose activities the Company has
      joint control, established by contractual agreement and requiring unanimous consent for strategic financial and
      operating decisions.
      The Financial Statements include the Company's share of the earnings and other comprehensive income, after
      adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Company, from the date that significant influence or joint
      control commences until the date that significant influence or joint control ceases. The Company's investments in its
      associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are recognized initially at cost, including
      transaction costs.
      When the Company's share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity accounted investee, the carrying amount of that
      interest, including any long-term investments, is reduced to nil, and the recognition of further losses is discontinued
      except to the extent that the Company has an obligation or has made payments on behalf of the investee.
iv) Jointly controlled operations
      A jointly controlled operation is a joint venture carried on by each venture using its own assets in pursuit of the joint
      operations. The Financial Statements include the assets that the Company controls and the liabilities that it incurs in
      the course of pursuing the joint operation and the expenses that the Company incurs and its share of the income that it
      earns from the joint operation.
v)    Transactions eliminated on consolidation
      Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealized revenue and expenses arising from intra-group
      transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains arising from
      transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Company's
      interest in the investee. Unrealized losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent
      that there is no evidence of impairment.
                                                                                                                               53
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


vi) Foreign currency
     Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency, Canadian dollars, at exchange
     rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting
     date are retranslated to the Company's functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. The foreign currency gain
     or loss on monetary items is the difference between amortized cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the
     period, adjusted for effective interest and payments during the period, and the amortized cost in foreign currency
     translated at the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.
     Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are retranslated
     to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that
     are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the
     transaction.
     Foreign currency differences arising on retranslation are recognized in earnings.
b.   Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value and consist primarily of crude oil and NGL. The cost
of inventories is determined using the weighted average costing method and includes direct purchase costs and when
applicable, costs of production, extraction, fractionation costs, and transportation costs. Net realizable value is the
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated selling costs. All changes in the value of the
inventories are reflected in inventories and cost of sales.
c.   Financial instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only
when, the Company has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset
and settle the liability simultaneously.
i)   Non-derivative financial assets
     The Company initially recognizes loans and receivables and deposits on the date that they are originated. All other
     financial assets (including assets designated at fair value through earnings) are recognized initially on the trade date at
     which the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
     The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it
     transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all
     the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. Any interest in transferred financial assets
     that is created or retained by the Company is recognized as a separate asset or liability.
                                                                                                                                54
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


      The Company classifies non-derivative financial assets into the following categories:
      Cash and cash equivalents
      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances, call deposits and short-term investments with original maturities
      of ninety days or less that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in their fair value, and are used by the
      Company in the management of its short-term commitments.
      Trade and other receivables
      Trade and other receivables are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
      market.
      Such assets are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
      recognition, loans and receivables are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method less any
      impairment losses.
ii)   Non-derivative financial liabilities
      The Company initially recognizes debt securities issued and subordinated liabilities on the date that they are
      originated. All other financial liabilities (including liabilities designated at fair value through earnings) are recognized
      initially on the trade date at which the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
      The Company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled or expire.
      The Company's non-derivative financial liabilities are comprised of the following: bank indebtedness, trade payables
      and accrued liabilities, taxes payable, dividends payable, loans and borrowings including finance lease obligations and
      the liability component of convertible debentures.
      Such financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent
      to initial recognition these financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
      Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Company's cash management are
      included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows.
iii) Common share capital
      Common shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of common shares and
      share options are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.
iv) Preferred share capital
      Preferred shares are classified as equity because they bear discretionary dividends and do not contain any obligations
      to deliver cash or other financial assets. Discretionary dividends are recognized as equity distributions on approval by
      the Company's Board of Directors. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of preferred shares are
      recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.
                                                                                                                                     55
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


v)   Compound financial instruments
     The Company's convertible debentures are compound financial instruments consisting of a financial liability and an
     embedded conversion feature. In accordance with IAS 39, the embedded derivatives are required to be separated from
     the host contracts and accounted for as stand-alone instruments.
     Debentures containing a cash conversion option allow Pembina to pay cash to the converting holder of the debentures,
     at the option of the Company. As such, the conversion feature is presented as a financial derivative liability within long-
     term derivative financial instruments. Debentures without a cash conversion option are settled in shares on conversion,
     and therefore the conversion feature is presented within equity, in accordance with its contractual substance.
     On initial recognition and at each reporting date, the embedded conversion feature is measured using a method
     whereby the fair value is measured using an option pricing model. Subsequent to initial recognition, any unrealized
     gains or losses arising from fair value changes are recognized through earnings in the statement of earnings and
     comprehensive income at each reporting date. If the conversion feature is included in equity, it is not remeasured
     subsequent to initial recognition. On initial recognition, the debt component, net of issue costs, is recorded as a
     financial liability and accounted for at amortized cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, the debt component is accreted
     to the face value of the debentures using the effective interest rate method. Upon conversion, the corresponding
     portions of the debt and equity are removed from those captions and transferred to share capital.
vi) Derivative financial instruments
     The Company holds derivative financial instruments to manage its interest rate, commodity, power costs and foreign
     exchange risk exposures as well as cash conversion features on convertible debentures and a redemption liability.
     Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract and accounted for separately if the economic
     characteristics and risks of the host contract and the embedded derivative meet the definition of a derivative, and the
     combined instrument is not measured at fair value through earnings. Derivatives are recognized initially at fair value
     with attributable transaction costs recognized in earnings as incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are
     measured at fair value and changes in non-commodity-related derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings in
     net finance costs and changes in commodity-related derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings in operating
     activities.
d.   Property, plant and equipment
i)   Recognition and measurement
     Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
     impairment losses.
     Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed
     assets includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a
     working condition for their intended use, estimated decommissioning provisions and borrowing costs on qualifying
     assets.
     Cost also may include any gain or loss realized on foreign currency transactions directly attributable to the purchase or
     construction of property, plant and equipment. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related
     equipment is capitalized as part of that equipment.
                                                                                                                                  56
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


      When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate
      components of property, plant and equipment.
      The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined by comparing the proceeds from
      disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, and are recognized within other expense (income)
      in earnings.
ii)   Subsequent costs
      The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the
      item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Company, and its cost
      can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. The cost of maintenance and
      repair expenses of the property, plant and equipment are recognized in earnings as incurred.
iii) Depreciation
      Depreciation is based on the cost of an asset less its residual value. Significant components of individual assets, other
      than land, are assessed and if a component has a useful life that is different from the remainder of the asset, that
      component is depreciated separately.
      Depreciation is recognized in earnings on a straight line or declining balance basis, which most closely reflects the
      expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset. Pipeline assets and facilities
      are generally depreciated using the straight line method over 27 to 75 years (an average of 51 years) or declining
      balance method at rates ranging from 3 percent to 37 percent per annum (an average rate of 17 percent per annum).
      Facilities and equipment are depreciated using straight line method over 27 to 75 years (at an average rate of 38
      years) or declining balance method at rates ranging from 8 to 37 percent (at an average rate of 19 percent per annum).
      Other assets are depreciated using the straight line method over 3 to 60 years (an average of 39 years) or declining
      balance method at rates ranging from 6 percent to 21 percent (at an average rate of 7 percent per annum). These
      rates are established to depreciate remaining net book value over the shorter of their useful lives, economic lives or
      contractual duration of the related assets.
      Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain
      that the Company will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.
      Depreciation methods, useful lives, economic lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if
      appropriate.
e.    Intangible assets
i)    Goodwill
      Goodwill that arises upon acquisitions is included in intangible assets. See Note 4(a)(i) for the policy on measurement
      of goodwill at initial recognition.
      Subsequent measurement
      Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
      In respect of equity accounted investees, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the
      investment, and an impairment loss on such an investment is allocated to the investment and not to any asset,
      including goodwill, that forms the carrying amount of the equity accounted investee.
                                                                                                                                 57
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


ii)   Other intangible assets
      Other intangible assets acquired individually by the Company and have finite useful lives are recognized and measured
      at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
iii) Subsequent expenditures
      Subsequent expenditures are capitalized only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific
      asset to which it relates. All other expenditures are recognized in earnings as incurred.
iv) Amortization
      Amortization is based on the cost of an asset less its residual value.
      Amortization is recognized in earnings on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets, other
      than goodwill, from the date that they are available for use. The estimated useful lives of other intangible assets with
      finite useful lives range from 2 to 33 years (at an average of 19 years).
      Amortization methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if appropriate.
f.    Leased assets
Leases which the Company assumes substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases.
The leased asset is initially recognized at an amount equal to the lower of its fair value and the present value of the
minimum lease payments. Subsequent to initial recognition, the asset is accounted for in accordance with the accounting
policy applicable to that asset.
Other leases are operating leases and are not recognized in the Company's statement of financial position.
g.    Lease payments
Payments made under operating leases are recognized in earnings on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Lease incentives received are recognized as an integral part of the total lease expense, over the term of the lease.
Minimum lease payments made under finance leases are apportioned between the finance cost and the reduction of the
outstanding liability. The finance cost is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Contingent lease payments are accounted for by revising the
minimum lease payments over the remaining life.
i)    Determining whether an arrangement contains a lease
      At inception of an arrangement, the Company determines whether such an arrangement is or contains a lease. A
      specific asset is the subject of a lease if fulfilment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of that specified asset.
      An arrangement conveys the right to use the asset if the arrangement conveys to a lessee the right to control the use
      of the underlying asset.
      At inception or upon reassessment of the arrangement, the Company separates payments and other consideration
      required by such an arrangement into those for the lease and those for other elements on the basis of their relative fair
      values. If the Company concludes, for a finance lease, that it is impracticable to separate the payments reliably, an
      asset and liability are recognized at an amount equal to the fair value of the underlying asset. Subsequently, the liability
      is reduced as payments are made and an imputed finance cost on the liability is recognized using the Company's
      incremental borrowing rate.
                                                                                                                                   58
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


h.    Impairment
i)    Non-derivative financial assets
      A financial asset not carried at fair value through earnings is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether
      there is objective evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if there is objective evidence of impairment
      as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and that a loss event had a
      negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset and the impact can be estimated reliably.
      Objective evidence that financial assets are impaired can include default or delinquency by a debtor, restructuring of an
      amount due to the Company on terms that the Company would not consider otherwise, indications that a debtor or
      issuer will enter bankruptcy, adverse changes in the payment status of borrowers or issuers in the Company, economic
      conditions that correlate with defaults or the disappearance of an active market for a security or a significant or
      prolonged decline in the fair value below cost.
      Trade receivables ("Receivables")
      The Company considers evidence of impairment for Receivables at both a specific asset and collective level. All
      individually significant Receivables are assessed for specific impairment. All individually significant Receivables found
      not to be specifically impaired are then collectively assessed for any impairment that has been incurred but not yet
      identified. Receivables that are not individually significant are collectively assessed for impairment by grouping
      together Receivables with similar risk characteristics.
      In assessing collective impairment, the Company uses historical trends of the probability of default, timing of recoveries
      and the amount of loss incurred, adjusted for management's judgment as to whether current economic and credit
      conditions are such that the actual losses are likely to be greater or less than suggested by historical trends.
      An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between
      its carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective
      interest rate. Losses are recognized in earnings and reflected in an allowance account against Receivables. Interest on
      the impaired asset continues to be recognized through the unwinding of the discount. When a subsequent event
      causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through earnings.
ii)   Non-financial assets
      The carrying amounts of the Company's non-financial assets, other than linefill and assets arising from employee
      benefits and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of
      impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset's recoverable amount is estimated.
      For goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives or that are not yet available for use, the recoverable
      amount is estimated each year at the same time. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset
      or its related Cash Generating Unit ("CGU") exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.
                                                                                                                                    59
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


     The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In
     assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
     rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.
     For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest
     group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
     other assets or CGUs. For the purpose of goodwill impairment testing, CGUs are aggregated so that the level at which
     impairment testing is performed reflects the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal purposes. Goodwill
     acquired in a business combination is allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the
     synergies of the combination.
     The Company's corporate assets do not generate separate cash inflows and are utilized by more than one CGU.
     Corporate assets are allocated to CGUs on a reasonable and consistent basis and tested for impairment as part of the
     testing of the CGU to which the corporate asset is allocated. If there is an indication that a corporate asset may be
     impaired, then the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which the corporate asset belongs.
     Impairment losses are recognized in earnings. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or
     its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognized in respect of CGUs are allocated
     first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the
     carrying amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.
     An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognized in
     prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists.
     An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
     An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
     amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been
     recognized.
     Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an associate is not recognized separately, and
     therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of the investment in an associate is tested
     for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the investment in an associate may be impaired.
i.   Employee benefits
i)   Defined contribution plans
     A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
     separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to
     defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an employee benefit expense in earnings in the periods during
     which services are rendered by employees. Prepaid contributions are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash
     refund or a reduction in future payments is available. Contributions to a defined contribution plan due more than 12
     months after the end of the period in which the employees render the service are discounted to their present value.
                                                                                                                              60
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


ii)   Defined benefit pension plans
      A defined benefit pension plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The
      Company's net obligation in respect of Defined Benefit Pension Plans ("Plans") is calculated separately for each plan
      by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and
      prior periods, discounted to determine its present value, less the fair value of any plan assets. The discount rate used
      to determine the present value is established by referencing market yields on high-quality corporate bonds on the
      measurement date with cash flows that match the timing and amount of expected benefits.
      The calculation is performed, at a minimum, every three years by a qualified actuary using the actuarial cost method.
      When the calculation results in a benefit to the Company, the recognized asset is limited to the present value of
      economic benefits available in the form of future expenses payable from the plan, any future refunds from the plan or
      reductions in future contributions to the plan. In order to calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration
      is given to any minimum funding requirements that apply to any plan in the Company. An economic benefit is available
      to the Company if it is realizable during the life of the plan or on settlement of the plan liabilities.
      When the benefits of a plan are improved, the portion of the increased benefit relating to past service by employees is
      recognized in earnings immediately.
      The Company recognizes all actuarial gains and losses arising from defined benefit plans in other comprehensive
      income and expenses related to defined benefit plans in personnel expenses in earnings.
      The Company recognizes gains or losses on the curtailment or settlement of a defined benefit plan when the
      curtailment or settlement occurs. The gain or loss on curtailment comprises any resulting change in the fair value of
      plan assets, change in the present value of defined benefit obligation and any related actuarial gains or losses and
      past service cost that had not previously been recognized.
iii) Short-term employee benefits
      Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related
      service is provided.
      A liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus if the Company has a present
      legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee, and the
      obligation can be estimated reliably.
iv) Share-based payment transactions
      For equity settled share-based payment plans, the fair value of the share-based payment at grant date is recognized
      as an expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees unconditionally become
      entitled to the awards. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the
      related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognized
      as an expense is based on the number of awards that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date.
                                                                                                                                 61
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


     For cash settled share-based payment plans, the fair value of the amount payable to employees is recognized as an
     expense with a corresponding increase in liabilities, over the period that the employees unconditionally become entitled
     to payment. The liability is remeasured at each reporting date and at settlement date. Any changes in the fair value of
     the liability are recognized as an expense in earnings.
j.   Provisions
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation that can
be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Provisions are remeasured at each reporting
date based on the best estimate of the settlement amount. The unwinding of the discount rate (accretion) is recognized as
a finance cost.
Decommissioning obligation
The Company's activities give rise to dismantling, decommissioning and site disturbance remediation activities. A provision
is made for the estimated cost of site restoration and capitalized in the relevant asset category.
Decommissioning obligations are measured at the present value, based on a risk free rate, of management's best estimate
of expenditure required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date. Subsequent to the initial measurement, the
obligation is adjusted at the end of each period to reflect the passage of time, changes in the risk free rate and changes in
the estimated future cash flows underlying the obligation. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is
recognized as finance costs whereas increases or decreases due to changes in the estimated future cash flows or risk free
rate are added to or deducted from the cost of the related asset.
k.   Revenue
Revenue in the course of ordinary activities is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable.
Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence exists that the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been
transferred to the customer or the service has been provided, recovery of the consideration is probable, the associated
costs can be estimated reliably, there is no continuing management involvement with the goods, and the amount of
revenue can be measured reliably.
The timing of the transfer of significant risks and rewards varies depending on the individual terms of the sales or service
agreement. For product sales, usually transfer of significant risks and rewards occurs when the product is delivered to a
customer. For pipeline transportation revenues and storage revenue, transfer of significant risks and rewards usually
occurs when the service is provided as per the contract with the customer. For rate or contractually regulated pipeline
operations, revenue is recognized in a manner that is consistent with the underlying rate design as mandated by
agreement or regulatory authority.
Certain commodity buy/sell arrangements where the risks and rewards of ownership have not transferred are recognized
on a net basis in earnings.
l.   Finance income and finance costs
Finance income comprises interest income on funds deposited and invested, gains on non-commodity-related derivatives
measured at fair value through earnings and foreign exchange gains. Interest income is recognized as it accrues in
earnings, using the effective interest method.
                                                                                                                               62
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Finance costs comprise interest expense on loans and borrowings, unwinding of discount rate on provisions, losses on
disposal of available for sale financial assets, losses on non-commodity-related derivatives, impairment losses recognized
on financial assets (other than trade and other receivables) and foreign exchange losses.
Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of a qualifying asset are recognized in
earnings using the effective interest method.
m. Income tax
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred taxes are recognized in earnings except to
the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items are recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive
income.
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the period, using tax rates enacted
or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for:
•   temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination
    and that affects neither accounting nor taxable earnings;
•   temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities to the extent that it is
    probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
•   taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Company
expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets,
and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but
they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realized
simultaneously.
A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences, to the extent
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
be realized.
In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Company takes into account the impact of uncertain tax
positions and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and
may involve a series of judgments about future events. New information may become available that causes the Company
to change its judgment regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities, such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax
expense in the period that such a determination is made.
                                                                                                                                   63
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


n.   Earnings per common share
The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per common share ("EPS") data for its common shares. Basic EPS is
calculated by dividing the earnings attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. Earnings attributable to shareholders are adjusted for accumulated
preferred dividends. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the earnings attributable to common shareholders and the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding, for the effects of all potentially dilutive common shares, which
comprise convertible debentures and share options granted to employees ("Convertible Instruments"). Only outstanding
and Convertible Instruments that will have a dilutive effect are included in fully diluted calculations.
The dilutive effect of Convertible Instruments is determined whereby outstanding Convertible Instruments at the end of the
period are assumed to have been converted at the beginning of the period or at the time issued if issued during the year.
Amounts charged to earnings relating to the outstanding Convertible Instruments are added back to earnings for the diluted
calculations. The shares issued upon conversion are included in the denominator of per share basic calculations for the
date of issue.
o.   Segment reporting
An operating segment is a component of the Company that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues
and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Company's other
components. All operating segments' operating results are reviewed regularly by the Company's Chief Executive Officer
("CEO"), Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") and Senior Vice Presidents ("SVPs") to make decisions about resources to be
allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available.
Segment results that are reported to the CEO, CFO and SVPs include items directly attributable to a segment as well as
those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate assets, corporate general
and administrative expenses, finance income and costs and income tax assets and liabilities.
Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the period to acquire property, plant and equipment, and
intangible assets other than goodwill.
p.   Cash flow statements
The cash flow statement is prepared using the indirect method for calculating cash flow from operating activities. Changes
in balance sheet items that have not resulted in cash flows such as share-based payment expense, unrealized gains and
losses, depreciation and amortization, employee future benefit expenses, deferred income tax expense, share of profit
from equity accounted investees, among others, have been eliminated for the purpose of preparing this statement.
Dividends paid to ordinary shareholders, among other expenditures, are included in financing activities. Interest paid is
included in operating activities.
q.   New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
Certain new standards, interpretations, amendments and improvements to existing standards were issued by the IASB or
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee ("IFRIC") for accounting periods beginning on or after January
1, 2014. The Company has reviewed these and determined the following:
IFRS 9 (2010) Financial Instruments: Does not have a mandatory effective date but is available for adoption. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its results of operations and financial position and is
assessing when adoption will occur.
IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2014. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its results of operations and financial position.
                                                                                                                              64
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


IFRIC 21 Levies: Interpretation is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2014. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its results of operations and financial position.
5.    DETERMINATION OF FAIR VALUES
A number of the Company's accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for both financial
and non-financial assets and liabilities. Fair values have been determined for measurement and/or disclosure purposes
based on the following methods. When applicable, further information about the assumptions made in determining fair
values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset or liability.
i)    Property, plant and equipment
The fair value of property, plant and equipment recognized as a result of a business combination is based on market values
when available and depreciated replacement cost when appropriate. Depreciated replacement cost reflects adjustments for
physical deterioration as well as functional and economic obsolescence.
ii)   Intangible assets
The fair value of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is determined using the multi-period excess earnings
method, whereby the subject asset is valued after deducting a fair return on all other assets that are part of creating the
related cash flows.
The fair value of other intangible assets is based on the discounted cash flows expected to be derived from the use and
eventual sale of the assets.
iii) Derivatives
Fair value of derivatives are estimated by reference to independent monthly forward settlement prices, interest rate yield
curves, currency rates, quoted market prices per share and volatility rates at the period ends.
Fair values reflect the credit risk of the instrument and include adjustments to take account of the credit risk of the
company, entity and counterparty when appropriate.
iv) Non-derivative financial assets and liabilities
Fair value, which is determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated based on the present value of future principal and
interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at the reporting date. In respect of the convertible debentures,
the fair value is determined by the market price of the convertible debenture on the reporting date. For finance leases the
market rate of interest is determined by reference to similar lease agreements.
v) Share-based payment transactions
The fair value of the employee share options is measured using the Black-Scholes formula. Measurement inputs include
share price on measurement date, exercise price of the instrument, expected volatility (based on weighted average historic
volatility adjusted for changes expected due to publicly available information), weighted average expected life of the
instruments (based on historical experience and general option holder behaviour), expected dividends, expected forfeitures
and the risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds). Service and non-market performance conditions attached to
the transactions are not taken into account in determining fair value.
The fair value of the long-term share unit award incentive plan and associated distribution units are measured based on the
reporting date market price of the Company's shares. Expected dividends are not taken into account in determining fair
value as they are issued as additional distribution share units.
                                                                                                                             65
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


vi) Inventories
The net realizable value of inventories is determined based on the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
business less estimated cost to sell.
6. TRADE RECEIVABLES AND OTHER
December 31 ($ millions)                                                                             2013              2012
 Trade accounts receivable from customers                                                             419               313
 Trade accounts receivable and other receivables from related parties                                                    11
 Prepayments                                                                                          15                 11
 Total current trade and other receivables                                                           434                335


7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                Land and                     Facilities   Linefill        Assets
                                                   Land                            and       and           Under
($ millions)                                      Rights        Pipelines   Equipment      Other     Construction       Total
Cost
 Balance at December 31, 2011                          67          2,500           529       201            307        3,604
 Acquisition (Note 27)                                 18            276         1,319       288             87        1,988
 Additions                                              6             20            38        31            489          584
 Change in decommissioning provision                                (140)          (31)                                 (171)
 Capitalized interest                                                                                         14          14
 Transfers                                              2            (61)          218        (14)          (145)
 Disposals and other                                   (5)            (1)           (1)                                   (7)
 Balance at December 31, 2012                          88          2,594         2,072       506            752        6,012
 Additions                                              7            104           285        56            425          877
 Change in decommissioning provision                                 (19)           (8)                                  (27)
 Capitalized interest                                                  5             5                        25          35
 Transfers                                             11            105           320       130            (566)
 Disposals and other                                                  (6)           (4)        5                          (5)
 Balance at December 31, 2013                         106          2,783         2,670       697            636        6,892

 Depreciation
 Balance at December 31, 2011                           4           707             93         52                       856
 Depreciation                                                        71             54         20                       145
 Transfers                                                            1             25        (26)
 Disposals                                                           (2)                       (1)                       (3)
 Balance at December 31, 2012                           4           777           172          45                       998
 Depreciation                                           1            52            73          27                       153
 Transfers
 Disposals and other                                                 (5)           (4)                                    (9)
 Balance at December 31, 2013                           5           824           241          72                      1,142

 Carrying amounts
 December 31, 2012                                     84          1,817         1,900       461            752        5,014
 December 31, 2013                                    101          1,959         2,429       625            636        5,750


                                                                                                                           66
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Property, plant and equipment under construction
Costs of assets under construction at December 31, 2013 totalled $636 million ($2012: $752 million) including capitalized
borrowing costs.
For the year ended December 31, 2013, capitalized borrowing costs related to the construction of the new pipelines or
facilities amounted to $35 million (2012: $14 million), with capitalization rates ranging from 4.4 percent to 5.0 percent
(2012: 4.3 percent to 4.8 percent).
Commitments
At December 31, 2013, the Company has contractual commitments for the acquisition and or construction of property, plant
and equipment of $1,322 million (December 31, 2012: $363 million).
8. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
                                                                              Intangible Assets
                                                                                                                          Total
                                                            Purchase                                                  Goodwill
                                                                 and                                                         &
                                                                Sale       Customer        Purchase                  Intangible
 ($ millions)                                  Goodwill     Contracts   Relationships        Option        Total        Assets
 Cost
 Balance at December 31, 2011                      223            23                                         23            246
 Acquisition (Note 27)                           1,753           157             227              277       661          2,414
 Additions and other                                               5                                          5              5
 Balance at December 31, 2012                    1,976           185             227              277       689          2,665
 Additions and other                               (10)            3                                          3             (7)
 Balance at December 31, 2013                    1,966           188             227              277       692          2,658

 Amortization
 Accumulated amortization at
 December 31, 2011                                                 2                                          2              2
Amortization                                                      25              15                         40             40
Balance at December 31, 2012                                      27              15                         42             42
 Amortization                                                     33              19                         52             52
Balance at December 31, 2013                                      60              34                         94             94

 Carrying amounts
 December 31, 2012                               1,976           158             212              277       647          2,623
 December 31, 2013                               1,966           128             193              277       598          2,564

The purchase option of $277 million to acquire property, plant and equipment is not being amortized because it is not
exercisable until 2018.
The aggregate carrying amount of intangible assets and goodwill allocated to each operating segment is as follows:
($ millions)
December 31                                                                                               2013           2012
 Conventional Pipelines                                                                                    316            316
 Oil Sands and Heavy Oil                                                                                    33             33
 Gas Services                                                                                              195            196
 Midstream                                                                                               2,020          2,078
                                                                                                         2,564          2,623

Impairment testing
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the Company's operating segments which represent the
lowest level within the Company at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Impairment testing
for goodwill was performed at December 31, 2013. The recoverable amounts were based on their value in use and were
determined to be higher than their carrying amounts.
                                                                                                                              67
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Value in use was determined by discounting the future cash flows generated from the continuing use of each CGU. The
calculation of the value in use was based on the following key assumptions:
Cash flows were projected based on past experience, actual operating results and the first 5 years of the business plan
approved by management. Cash flows for periods up to 75 years were extrapolated using a constant medium-term inflation
rate of 2 percent. Pre-tax discount rates between 8.6 percent and 9.4 percent were applied in determining the recoverable
amount of the CGUs. The discount rates were estimated based on past experience, the Company's risk free rate and
average cost of debt in addition to estimates of the specific CGU's equity risk premium, size premium, small capitalization
premium, projection risk, betas, tax rate and industry targeted debt to equity ratios.
9. INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES
The Company has a 50 percent interest in two jointly controlled, equity accounted investees (Fort Saskatchewan Ethylene
Storage Corporation and Fort Saskatchewan Ethylene Storage Limited Partnership) that are reported using the equity
method of accounting. The carrying value of the investment at December 31, 2013 is $165 million (2012: $161 million).
At December 31, 2013, the Company has contractual commitments for additional investment in its equity accounted
investees of $24 million (December 31, 2012: NIL).
10. INCOME TAXES
The components of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:
($ millions)
December 31                                                                                                                                         2013               2012
Deferred income tax assets
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                       6                 23
 Provisions                                                                                                                                            78                115
 Benefit of loss carryforwards                                                                                                                         14                 77
 Other deductible temporary differences                                                                                                                22                 17

 Deferred income tax liabilities
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                      (588)               (590)
 Intangible assets                                                                                                                                  (124)               (127)
 Investments in equity accounted investees                                                                                                           (17)                (22)
 Taxable limited partnership income deferral                                                                                                         (64)                (75)
 Other taxable temporary differences                                                                                                                  (11)                (2)
 Net deferred tax liabilities(1)                                                                                                                    (684)               (584)
(1) The Company has recognized a net deferred tax asset of $15 million (December 31, 2012: $8 million) relating to its U.S. subsidiaries. The Company has determined that it is
  probable that future taxable profits will be sufficient to utilize the deferred tax asset.

The Company's consolidated effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2013 was 25 percent (2012: 25 percent).
                                                                                                                                                                            68
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Reconciliation of effective tax rate
Year Ended December 31 ($ millions, except as noted)                                                   2013         2012
Earnings before income tax                                                                             494           300

 Statutory tax rate (percent)                                                                           25%           25%

 Income tax at statutory rate                                                                          124            75
 Tax rate changes on deferred income tax balances                                                        1             2
 Changes in estimate and other                                                                          (2)           (2)
 Permanent items                                                                                        13
 Other                                                                                                   7
 Income tax expense                                                                                    143            75

Income tax expense
Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                    2013         2012
Current tax expense                                                                                      38
Deferred tax expense
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                        51            58
Tax rate changes on deferred tax balances                                                                 1             2
Decrease in tax loss carry forward                                                                       53            15
Total deferred tax expense                                                                              105            75
Total income tax expense                                                                                143            75

The movement of the net deferred tax liability is as follows:
($ millions)                                                                                           2013         2012
 Balance at January 1                                                                                   584          107
 Deferred income tax expense                                                                            105           75
 Income tax expense (benefit) in other comprehensive income                                               6            (4)
 Acquisition (Note 27)                                                                                   (3)         406
 Preferred share issue costs                                                                             (7)
 Other                                                                                                   (1)
 Balance at December 31                                                                                 684           584

Deferred tax items recovered directly in equity
Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                    2013         2012
 Preferred share issue costs                                                                              7
 Other comprehensive (income) loss                                                                       (6)            4
 Deferred tax items recovered directly in equity                                                          1             4

Cash taxes received during the year were $2 million (2012: nil)
The Company has temporary differences associated with its investments in foreign subsidiaries, branches, and interests in
joint ventures. At December 31, 2013, the Company has not recorded a deferred tax asset or liability for these temporary
differences (December 31, 2012: nil) as the Company controls the timing of the reversal and it is not probable that the
temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future.
At December 31, 2013, the Company had $37 million (December 31, 2012: $35 million) of U.S. tax losses that will expire
after 2030. The Company has recorded deferred tax assets in respect of these losses, as it has been determined that it is
probable that future taxable profits will be sufficient to utilize these losses.
                                                                                                                            69
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


11. TRADE PAYABLES AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES
 December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                                  2013         2012
 Trade payables                                                                                                             359          301
 Non-trade payables & accrued liabilities                                                                                   102           44
                                                                                                                            461          345

12. LOANS AND BORROWINGS
This note provides information about the contractual terms of the Company's interest-bearing loans and borrowings, which
are measured at amortized cost.
Carrying value, terms and conditions, and debt maturity schedule
Terms and conditions of outstanding loans were as follows:
  December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                                  Carrying amount
                                                                 Available facilities at            Nominal     Year of
                                                                  December 31, 2013             interest rate   maturity      2013      2012
                                                                                                prime + 0.45
  Operating facility(3)                                                            30         or BA(2) + 1.45   2014(1)
                                                                                                prime + 0.45
  Revolving unsecured credit facility(3)                                       1,500          or BA(2) + 1.45    2018             46     521
  Senior unsecured notes - Series A                                              175                    5.99     2014             175    175
  Senior unsecured notes - Series C                                              200                    5.58     2021             197    197
  Senior unsecured notes - Series D                                              267                    5.91     2019             266    265
  Senior unsecured term facility                                                  75                    6.16     2014              75     75
  Senior unsecured medium-term notes 1                                           250                    4.89     2021             249    249
  Senior unsecured medium-term notes 2                                           450                    3.77     2022             448    448
  Senior unsecured medium-term notes 3                                           200                    4.75     2043             198
  Subsidiary debt                                                                  8                    5.04     2014               8      9
  Finance lease liabilities                                                                                                         9      6
  Total interest bearing liabilities                                           3,155                                         1,671      1,945
  Less current portion                                                                                                        (262)      (12)
  Total non-current                                                                                                          1,409      1,933
(1) Operating facility expected to be renewed on an annual basis.
(2) Bankers' Acceptance.
(3) The nominal interest rate is based on the Company's credit rating at December 31, 2013.

All facilities are governed by specific debt covenants which Pembina has been in compliance with during the years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012.
For more information about the Company's exposure to interest rate, foreign currency and liquidity risk, see financial
instruments and financial risk management Note 22.
                                                                                                                                            70
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


13. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

                                                                                    Series C                    Series E         Series F -
  ($ millions, except as noted)                                                      - 5.75%                     - 5.75%            5.75%     Total
  Conversion price (dollars)                                                          $28.55                      $24.94            $29.53
                                                                               May 31 and                 June 30 and          June 30 and
  Interest payable semi-annually in arrears on:                               November 30                December 31          December 31
                                                                                                         December 31,         December 31,
  Maturity date                                                       November 30, 2020                           2017                2018
  Balance at December 31, 2011                                                            289                                                   289
                                  (1)
  Assumed on Acquisition (Note 27)                                                                                     159             158      317
  Conversions and redemptions                                                                                           (1)                      (1)
  Accretion of liability                                                                                                  1              1         2
  Deferred financing fees (net of amortization)                                              1                            1              1         3
  Balance at December 31, 2012                                                            290                          160             160      610
  Conversions and redemptions                                                              (1)                          (9)             (1)    (11)
  Accretion of liability                                                                                                  1               1       2
  Deferred financing fee (net of amortization)                                               1                            1               1       3
  Balance at December 31, 2013                                                            290                          153             161      604
(1)   Excludes conversion feature of convertible debentures which is recognized in derivative financial instruments.

The Series C debentures may be converted at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $28.55 per common share
at any time prior to maturity and may be redeemed by the Company. The Company may, at its option on or after November
30, 2014 and prior to November 30, 2016, elect to redeem the Series C debentures in whole or in part, provided that the
volume weighted average trading price of the common shares on the TSX during the 20 consecutive trading days ending
on the fifth trading day preceding the date on which the notice of redemption is given is not less than 125 percent of the
conversion price of the Series C debentures. On or after November 30, 2016, the Series C debentures may be redeemed
in whole or in part at the option of the Company at a price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest.
The Company may also elect to pay interest on the debentures by issuing shares.
The Series E debentures may be converted at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $24.94 per common share
at any time prior to maturity and may be redeemed by the Company. The Company may, at its option on or after December
31, 2013 and prior to December 31, 2015, elect to redeem the Series E debentures in whole or in part, provided that the
volume weighted average trading price of the common shares on the TSX during the 20 consecutive trading days ending
on the fifth trading day preceding the date on which the notice of redemption is given is not less than 125 percent of the
conversion price of the Series E debentures. On or after December 31, 2015, the Series E debentures may be redeemed
in whole or in part at the option of the Company at a price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest.
Any accrued unpaid interest will be paid in cash.
The Series F debentures may be converted at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $29.53 per common share
at any time prior to maturity and may be redeemed by the Company. The Company may, at its option on or after December
31, 2014 and prior to December 31, 2016, elect to redeem the Series F debentures in whole or in part, provided that the
volume weighted average trading price of the common shares on the TSX during the 20 consecutive trading days ending
on the fifth trading day preceding the date on which the notice of redemption is given is not less than 125 percent of the
conversion price of the Series F debentures. On or after December 31, 2016, the Series F debentures may be redeemed in
whole or in part at the option of the Company at a price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest.
Any accrued unpaid interest will be paid in cash.
                                                                                                                                                   71
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


The Company retains a cash conversion option on the Series E and F convertible debentures, allowing the Company to
pay cash to the converting holder of the debentures, at the option of the Company. For convertible debentures with a cash
conversion option, the conversion feature is recognized as an embedded derivative and accounted for as a derivative
financial instrument, measured at fair value using an option pricing model.
14. PROVISIONS
The Company has estimated the net present value of its total decommissioning obligations based on a total future liability
of $309 million. The estimate has applied a medium-term inflation rate and current discount rate and includes a revision in
the decommissioning assumptions and associated costs and timing of payments. The obligations are expected to be paid
over the next 75 years with majority being paid between 30 and 40 years. The Company applied a 2 percent inflation rate
per annum and a risk free rate of 3.2 percent (2012: 2.4 percent) to calculate the present value of the decommissioning
provision. The remeasured decommissioning provision decreased property, plant and equipment and decommissioning
provision liability. Of the re-measurement reduction of the decommissioning provision, $33 million (2012: $6 million) was in
excess of the carrying amount of the related asset and was credited to depreciation expense.
The property, plant and equipment of the Company consist primarily of underground pipelines, above ground equipment
facilities and storage assets. No amount has been recorded relating to the removal of the underground pipelines or for the
storage assets as the potential obligations relating to these assets cannot be reasonably estimated due to the
indeterminate timing or scope of the asset retirement. As the timing and scope of retirement become determinable for
these assets, a provision for the cost of retirement will be recorded.
($ millions)                                                                                             2013          2012
 Balance at January 1                                                                                     361           416
 Unwinding of discount rate                                                                                 9            12
 Decommissioning liabilities settled during the period                                                     (1)           (5)
 Change in rates                                                                                          (88)          (47)
 Change in estimates and other                                                                             28          (139)
 Assumed on Acquisition (Note 27)                                                                                       125
 Total                                                                                                    309           362
 Less current portion (included in accrued liabilities)                                                                  (1)
 Balance at December 31                                                                                   309           361

15. SHARE CAPITAL
Pembina is authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares and an unlimited number of a class of preferred
shares designated as Preferred Shares, Series A. The holders of the common shares are entitled to receive notice of,
attend at and vote at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company, receive dividends declared and share in the
remaining property of the Company upon distribution of the assets of the Company among its shareholders for the purpose
of winding-up its affairs.
Pembina has adopted a shareholder rights plan ("Plan") as a mechanism designed to assist the board in ensuring the fair
and equal treatment of all shareholders in the face of an actual or contemplated unsolicited bid to take control of the
company. Take-over bids may be structured in such a way as to be coercive or discriminatory in effect, or may be initiated
at a time when it will be difficult for the board to prepare an adequate response. Such offers may result in shareholders
receiving unequal or unfair treatment, or not realizing the full or maximum value of their investment in Pembina. The Plan
discourages the making of any such offers by creating the potential of significant dilution to any offeror who does so.
                                                                                                                           72
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Common Share Capital

                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                   Common         Common
                                                                                                    Shares          Share
($ millions, except as noted)                                                                     (thousands)      Capital
Balance at December 31, 2011                                                                         167,908        1,812
Dividend reinvestment plan                                                                             8,338          219
Share-based payment transactions, debenture conversions and other                                        444            9
Issued on Acquisition (Note 27)                                                                      116,536        3,284
Balance at December 31, 2012                                                                         293,226        5,324
Issued, net of issue costs                                                                            11,207          335
Dividend reinvestment plan                                                                             9,384          286
Share-based payment transactions, debenture conversions and other                                      1,327           27
Balance at December 31, 2013                                                                         315,144        5,972

Preferred Share Capital

                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                   Preferred      Preferred
                                                                                                     Shares          Share
($ millions, except as noted)                                                                     (thousands)       Capital
Balance at December 31, 2012 and 2011
Class A, Series 1 Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                          10,000          244
Class A, Series 3 Preferred shares issued, net of issue costs                                           6,000          147
Balance at December 31, 2013                                                                           16,000          391

On July 26, 2013, Pembina issued 10,000,000 cumulative redeemable 5-year rate reset Class A Preferred shares, Series 1
("Series 1 Preferred Shares") at a price of $25.00 per Series 1 Preferred Share for aggregate proceeds of $250 million. The
holders of Series 1 Preferred Shares are entitled to receive fixed cumulative dividends at an annual rate of $1.0625 per
share when declared by the Board of Directors. The dividend rate will reset on December 1, 2018 and every five years
thereafter at a rate equal to the sum of the then five-year Government of Canada bond yield plus 2.47 percent. The Series
1 Preferred Shares are redeemable by the Company at the Company's option on December 1, 2018 and on December 1 of
every fifth year thereafter.
Holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares have the right to convert all or any part of their shares into cumulative
redeemable floating rate Class A Preferred shares, Series 2 ("Series 2 Preferred Shares"), subject to certain conditions, on
December 1, 2018 and on December 1 of every fifth year thereafter. Holders of Series 2 Preferred Shares will be entitled to
receive cumulative quarterly floating dividends at a rate equal to the sum of the then 90-day Government of Canada
Treasury Bill yield plus 2.47 percent, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors of Pembina.
On October 2, 2013, Pembina closed its offering of 6,000,000 cumulative redeemable rate reset Class A Preferred shares,
Series 3 (the "Series 3 Preferred Shares") at a price of $25.00 per share for aggregate proceeds of $150 million. The
holders of Series 3 Preferred Shares are entitled to receive fixed cumulative dividends at an annual rate of $1.1750 per
share, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors. The dividend rate will reset on March 1, 2019 and every five
years thereafter at a rate equal to the sum of the then five-year Government of Canada bond yield plus 2.60 percent. The
Series 3 Preferred Shares are redeemable by the Company at its option on March 1, 2019 and on March 1 of every fifth
year thereafter.
                                                                                                                          73
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Holders of the Series 3 Preferred Shares have the right to convert their shares into cumulative redeemable floating rate
Class A Preferred shares, Series 4 ("Series 4 Preferred Shares"), subject to certain conditions, on March 1, 2019 and on
March 1 of every fifth year thereafter. Holders of Series 4 Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive a cumulative quarterly
floating dividend at a rate equal to the sum of the then 90-day Government of Canada Treasury Bill yield plus 2.60 percent,
if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors of Pembina.
Dividends
The Company has a Premium Dividend™ and Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Eligible common shareholders have the
opportunity to receive additional common shares by reinvesting the cash dividends declared payable by the Company on
its common shares.
The following dividends were declared by the Company:
Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                        2013          2012
Common shares
  $1.65 per qualifying share (2012: $1.61)                                                                  507           418

 Preferred shares
 $.3726 per qualifying Series 1 share (2012: nil)                                                              4
 $.1932 per qualifying Series 3 share (2012: nil)                                                              1
                                                                                                               5

On January 7, 2014 and February 10, 2014, Pembina announced that the Board of Directors declared a dividend for each
of January and February of $0.14 per qualifying common share ($1.68 annualized) in the total amount of approximately
$90 million.
On January 7, 2014, Pembina announced that the Board of Directors had declared a quarterly dividend of $0.265625 per
Series 1 Class A Preferred Share to be paid to holders of Series 1 Class A Preferred Shares of record on February 1, 2014,
and a dividend of $0.29375 per Series 3 Class A Preferred Share to holders of Series 3 Class A Preferred Shares of record
on February 1, 2014 in the amount of $4 million.
On January 16, 2014, Pembina announced the initial dividend on the Series 5 Class A Preferred Shares, to be paid on
March 1, 2014 to holders of Series 5 Class A Preferred Shares of record on February 1, 2014 for the period commencing
on the date of issuance (January 16, 2014) up to but excluding February 28, 2014 in the amount of $0.1507 per share in
the total amount of $2 million.
16. PERSONNEL EXPENSES
 Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                       2013          2012
 Salaries and wages                                                                                         118            85
 Share-based payment transactions                                                                            34            17
 Short-term incentive plan                                                                                   26            11
 Pension plan expense                                                                                        12             9
 Health, savings plan and other benefits                                                                     10             9
 Personnel expenses                                                                                         200           131


                                                                                                                             74
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


17. NET FINANCE COSTS
 Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                          2013         2012
 Interest income from:
  Bank deposits and other                                                                                       (5)          (1)
 Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortized cost:
  Loans and borrowings                                                                                          55          73
  Convertible debentures                                                                                        42          36
  Unwinding of discount                                                                                          9          12
 Gain in fair value of non-commodity-related derivative financial instruments                                   (6)         (4)
 Loss on revaluation of conversion feature of convertible debentures                                            71
 Foreign exchange gains and other                                                                                           (1)
 Net finance costs                                                                                             166         115

Net interest paid of $115 million (2012: $118 million) includes capitalized borrowing costs of $35 million (2012: $14 million).
18. OPERATING SEGMENTS
The Company determines its reportable segments based on the nature of operations and includes four operating
segments: Conventional Pipelines, Oil Sands & Heavy Oil, Gas Services and Midstream.
Conventional Pipelines consists of the tariff based operations of pipelines and related facilities to deliver crude oil,
condensate and NGL in Alberta and B.C.
Oil Sands & Heavy Oil consists of the Syncrude, Horizon, Nipisi and Mitsue Pipelines, and the Cheecham Lateral. These
pipelines and related facilities deliver synthetic crude oil produced from oil sands under long-term cost-of-service
arrangements.
Gas Services consists of natural gas gathering and processing facilities, including four gas plants, twelve compressor
stations and over 350 kilometres of gathering systems.
Midstream consists of the Company's interests in extraction and fractionation facilities, terminalling and storage hub
services under a mixture of short, medium and long-term contractual arrangements.
The financial results of the business segments are included below. Performance is measured based on results from
operating activities, net of depreciation and amortization, as included in the internal management reports that are reviewed
by the Company's CEO, CFO and SVPs. The segments results from operating activities, before depreciation and
amortization, is used to measure performance as management believes that such information is the most relevant in
evaluating results of certain segments relative to other entities that operate within these industries. Intersegment
transactions are recorded at market value and eliminated under corporate and intersegment eliminations.
                                                                                                                              75
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


                                                                                     Oil Sands                                              Corporate &
                                                                 Conventional                &             Gas                             Intersegment
Year Ended December 31, 2013 ($ millions)                         Pipelines(1)       Heavy Oil         Services       Midstream(2)           Eliminations   Total
Revenue:
      Pipeline transportation                                                411             195                                                     (49)     557
      Terminalling, storage and hub services                                                                                   4,347                        4,347
      Gas Services                                                                                             121                                           121
Total revenue                                                               411              195               121             4,347                 (49)   5,025
 Operating expenses                                                         162               64                43                91                  (4)     356
      Cost of goods sold, including product purchases                                                                          3,767                 (48)   3,719
      Realized gain (loss) on commodity-related derivative
        financial instruments                                                  2                                                   (3)                        (1)
Operating margin                                                            251              131                78                486                  3     949
  Depreciation and amortization included in operations                        12               17               20                114                        163
  Unrealized gain on commodity-related derivative
    financial instruments                                                      1                                                    6                          7
Gross profit                                                                240               114               58                378                  3     793
  Depreciation included in general and administrative                                                                                                  8       8
  Other general and administrative                                             9                3                 6                25                 81     124
  Acquisition-related and other expenses (income)                              2                                                    1                 (2)      1
Reportable segment results from operating
  activities                                                                229               111               52                352                (84)    660
Net finance costs (income)                                                    5                 1                1                 (4)               163     166
Reportable segment earnings (loss) before tax                               224               110               51                356               (247)    494
Capital expenditures                                                        325                38              258                254                  5     880
(1) 5.2 percent of Conventional Pipelines revenue is under regulated tolling arrangements.
(2) NGL product and services, terminalling, storage and hub services revenue includes $158 million associated with U.S. midstream sales.
                                                                                                                                                                76
Pembina Pipeline Corporation

                                                                                        Oil Sands                                             Corporate &
                                                                    Conventional                &              Gas                           Intersegment
Year Ended December 31, 2012 ($ millions)                            Pipelines(1)       Heavy Oil          Services       Midstream(2)        Eliminations    Total
Revenue:
      Pipeline transportation                                                   339              172                                                   (19)    492
      NGL product and services, terminalling, storage and
        hub services                                                                                                               2,847                      2,847
      Gas Services                                                                                                  88                                           88
Total revenue                                                                   339              172                88             2,847               (19)   3,427
      Operating expense                                                         130                55               29                60                (3)     271
      Cost of goods sold, including product purchases                                                                              2,494               (19)   2,475
      Realized loss on commodity-related derivative
        financial instruments                                                                                                         (5)                       (5)
Operating margin                                                                209              117                59               288                 3     676
 Depreciation and amortization included in operations                            44               20                15                95                       174
  Unrealized gain (loss) on commodity-related derivative
    financial instruments                                                        (9)                                                  45                        36
Gross profit                                                                    156                97               44               238                 3     538
 Depreciation included in general and administrative                                                                                                     6       6
  Other general and administrative                                                 7                2                 4               15                63      91
  Acquisition-related and other expenses                                           1                                                    2               23      26
Reportable segment results from operating activities                            148                95               40               221               (89)    415
Net finance costs                                                                  6                2                                   3              104     115
Reportable segment earnings (loss) before tax                                   142                93               40               218              (193)    300
Capital expenditures                                                            187                30             163                204                       584
(1)    5.1 percent of Conventional Pipelines revenue is under regulated tolling arrangements.
(2)    NGL product and services, terminalling, storage and hub services revenue includes $97 million associated with U.S. midstream sales.

19. EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
Basic earnings per common share
The calculation of basic earnings per common share at December 31, 2013 was based on the earnings attributable to
common shareholders of $344 million (2012: $225 million) and a weighted average number of common shares outstanding
of 307 million (2012: 259 million).
Diluted earnings per common share
The calculation of diluted earnings per common share at December 31, 2013 was based on earnings attributable to
common shareholders of $344 million (December 31, 2012: $225 million), and weighted average number of common
shares outstanding after adjustment for the effects of all dilutive potential common shares of 308 million (2012: 259 million).
                                                                                                                                                                  77
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Earnings attributable to common shareholders
 Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                      2013          2012
 Earnings                                                                                                  351           225
 Dividends on preferred shares                                                                              (5)
 Cumulative dividends on preferred shares, not yet declared                                                 (2)
 Earnings contributable to common shareholders (basic and diluted)                                         344           225

Weighted average number of common shares
 (In thousands of shares, except as noted)                                                                 2013          2012
 Issued common shares at January 1                                                                      293,226       167,908
 Effect of shares issued                                                                                  8,781        87,243
 Effect of share options exercised                                                                          350           185
 Effect of conversion of convertible debentures                                                              83             9
 Effect of shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan                                                 4,771         3,524
 Weighted average number of common shares at December 31 (basic)                                        307,211       258,869

 Dilutive effect of share options on issue                                                                  870           614
 Weighted average number of common shares at December 31 (diluted)                                      308,081       259,483

 Basic and diluted earnings per common share (dollars)                                              $      1.12   $      0.87

At December 31, 2013, the effect of the conversion of the convertible debentures was excluded from the diluted earnings
per common share calculation as the impact was anti-dilutive. If the convertible debentures were included, an additional 23
million (2012: 23 million) common shares would be added to the weighted average number of common shares and $32
million (2012: $27 million) would be added to earnings, representing after tax interest expense of the convertible
debentures.
The average market value of the Company's shares for purposes of calculating the dilutive effect of share options was
based on quoted market prices for the period during which the options were outstanding.
20. PENSION PLAN
 December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                  2013          2012
 Registered defined benefit (asset) obligation                                                              (5)           22
 Supplemental defined benefit obligation                                                                     7             6
 Other accrued benefit obligations                                                                           1             1
 Net employee benefit obligations                                                                            3            29

The Company maintains a defined contribution plan and non-contributory defined pension plans covering its employees.
The Company contributes 5 to 10 percent of an employee's earnings to the defined contribution plan until the employee's
age plus years of service equals 50, at which time they become eligible for the defined benefit plans. The defined benefit
plans include a funded registered plan for all employees and an unfunded supplemental retirement plan for those
employees affected by the Canada Revenue Agency maximum pension limits. The Company also has other accrued
benefit obligations which include a non-contribution unfunded post employment extended health and dental plan provided
to a few remaining retired employees. The defined benefit plans are administered by a single pension fund that is legally
separated from the Company. Benefits under the plans are based on the length of service and the annual average best
three years of earnings during the last ten years of service of the employee. Benefits paid out of the plans are not indexed.
The Company measures its accrued benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for accounting purposes as at
December 31 of each year. The most recent actuarial valuation was at December 31, 2012.
                                                                                                                            78
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


The defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks such as longevity risk, interest rate risk, and market
(investment) risk.
Defined benefit obligations
December 31                                                                        2013                            2012
                                                                      Registered     Supplemental     Registered     Supplemental
($ millions)                                                                Plan            Plan            Plan            Plan
 Present value of unfunded obligations                                                        7                                6
 Present value of funded obligations                                         119                            122
 Total present value of obligations                                          119              7             122                6
 Fair value of plan assets                                                   124                            100
 Recognized asset (liability) for defined benefit obligations                  5              (7)           (22)              (6)

The Company funds the defined benefit obligation plans in accordance with government regulations by contributing to trust
funds administered by an independent trustee. The funds are invested primarily in equities and bonds. Defined benefit plan
contributions totalled $13 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 (2012: $10 million).
The Company has determined that, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the defined benefit plans, and in
accordance with statutory requirements of the plans, the present value of refunds or reductions in future contributions is not
lower than the balance of the total fair value of the plan assets less the total present value of obligations. As such, no
decrease in the defined benefit asset is necessary at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012.
Registered defined benefit pension plan assets comprise
December 31 (percentages)                                                                                    2013            2012
Equity securities                                                                                             64              65
Debt                                                                                                          35              30
Other                                                                                                          1               5
                                                                                                             100             100

Movement in the present value of the defined benefit pension obligation
 Year Ended December 31                                                        2013                             2012
                                                                  Registered     Supplemental       Registered    Supplemental
 ($ millions)                                                           Plan            Plan              Plan           Plan
 Defined benefits obligations at January 1                               122              6               100               5
 Benefits paid by the plan                                                 (6)                              (6)
 Current service costs                                                      9             1                  7
 Interest expense                                                           5                                5
 Actuarial (gains) losses in other comprehensive income                   (11)                              16              1
 Defined benefit obligations at December 31                              119              7               122               6


                                                                                                                               79
Pembina Pipeline Corporation

Movement in the present value of registered defined benefit pension plan assets
 Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                        2013       2012
 Fair value of plan assets at January 1                                                                      100         89
 Contributions paid into the plan                                                                             13         10
 Benefits paid by the plan                                                                                    (6)        (6)
 Return on plan assets                                                                                        12          2
 Interest income                                                                                               5          5
 Fair value of registered plan assets at December 31                                                         124        100

Expense recognition in earnings
 Registered Plan                                                                                            2013       2012
 Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)
 Current service costs                                                                                            9       7
 Interest on obligation                                                                                           5       5
 Expected return on plan assets                                                                                  (4)     (5)
                                                                                                                 10       7

The expense is recognized in the following line items in the statement of comprehensive income:
 Registered Plan                                                                                            2013       2012
 Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)
 Operating expenses                                                                                               5       4
 General and administrative expense                                                                               5       3
                                                                                                                 10       7

Expense recognized for the Supplemental Plan was less than $1 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2013
and 2012.
Actuarial gains and losses recognized in other comprehensive income
                                                                    2013                                  2012
                                                   Registered   Supplemental             Registered   Supplemental
 ($ millions)                                            Plan          Plan      Total         Plan          Plan       Total
 Balance at January 1                                    (25)           (1)      (26)          (15)                     (15)
 Remeasurements gain:
  Actuarial gain (loss) arising from
   Demographic assumptions                               (2)                      (2)                            (5)     (5)
   Financial assumptions                                  7                        7          (12)                      (12)
   Experience adjustments                                 4                        4                              4       4
 Return on plan assets excluding interest income          9                        9            2                         2
 Recognized during the period after tax                  18                       18          (10)               (1)    (11)
 Balance at December 31                                  (7)               (1)    (8)         (25)               (1)    (26)

Principal actuarial assumptions used:
 December 31 (weighted average percent)                                                                     2013        2012
 Discount rate                                                                                               4.9%       4.4%
 Future pension earning increases                                                                            4.0%       4.0%


                                                                                                                          80
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Assumptions regarding future mortality are based on published statistics and mortality tables. The current longevities
underlying the values of the liabilities in the defined plans are as follows:
 December 31 (years)                                                                                      2013             2012
 Longevity at age 65 for current pensioners
 Males                                                                                                     21.3             19.8
 Females                                                                                                   23.5             22.1
 Longevity at age 65 for current member aged 45
 Males                                                                                                     22.4             21.3
 Females                                                                                                   24.2             22.9

The calculation of the defined benefit obligation is sensitive to the discount rate, compensation increases, retirements and
termination rates as set out above. An increase or decrease of the estimated discount rate of 4.9 percent by 100 basis
points at December 31, 2013 is considered reasonably possible in the next financial year but would not have a material
impact on the obligation.
The Company expects to contribute $10 million to the defined benefit plans in 2014.
21. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
At December 31, 2013, the Company has the following share-based payment arrangements:
Share option plan (equity settled)
The Company has a share option plan under which employees are eligible to receive options to purchase shares in the
Company.
Long-term share unit award incentive (cash-settled) plan
In 2005, the Company established a long-term share unit award incentive plan. Under the share-based compensation plan,
awards of restricted (RSU) and performance (PSU) share units are made to officers, non-officers and directors. The plan
results in participants receiving cash compensation based on the value of the underlying notional shares granted under the
plan. Payments are based on a trading value of the Company's common shares plus notional dividends and performance
of the Company.
Terms and conditions of share option plan and share unit award incentive plan
The terms and conditions relating to the grants of the share option program and the long-term share unit award incentive
plans are listed in the tables below:
 Grant date share options granted to employees                                                   Number of           Contractual
 (thousands of options, except as noted)                                                           options        life of options
 January 3, 2012                                                                                        55                7 years
 April 2, 2012                                                                                          19                7 years
 August 9, 2012                                                                                      1,372                7 years
 October 1, 2012                                                                                        49                7 years
 January 2, 2013                                                                                        61                7 years
 April 1, 2013                                                                                          52                7 years
 August 9, 2013                                                                                      1,605                7 years
 October 1, 2013                                                                                        70                7 years

One-third vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, one-third vest on the second anniversary of the grant date, and
one-third vest on the third anniversary of the grant date.
                                                                                                                               81
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Long-term share unit award incentive plan(1)

Grant date PSUs to Officers, Non-Officers(2) and Directors                                                                                                Contractual
(thousands of units, except as noted)                                                                                                      Units           life of PSU
January 1, 2012                                                                                                                             188               3.0 years
April 2, 2012 (on Acquisition)                                                                                                              201               2.2 years
January 1, 2013                                                                                                                             292               3.0 years

PSUs vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. Actual PSUs awarded is based on the trading value of the shares and
performance of the Company.

Grant date RSUs to Officers, Non-Officers(2) and Directors                                                                                                  Contractual
(thousands of units, except as noted)                                                                                                        Units           life of RSU
January 1, 2012                                                                                                                              186              3.0 years
April 2, 2012 (on Acquisition)                                                                                                               177              2.2 years
January 1, 2013                                                                                                                              285              3.0 years

One-third vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, one-third vest on the second anniversary of the grant date, and
one-third vest on the third anniversary of the grant date.
(1)   Distribution Units are granted in addition to RSU and PSU grants based on notional accrued dividends from RSU and PSU granted but not paid.
(2)   Non-Officers defined as senior selected positions within the Company.

Disclosure of share option plan
The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options as follows:
  (thousands of options, except as noted)                                     Number of Options                   Weighted Average Exercise Price (dollars)
  Outstanding at December 31, 2011                                                              2,674                                                            $20.24
  Granted                                                                                       1,495                                                            $26.70
  Exercised                                                                                     (428)                                                            $16.96
  Forfeited                                                                                     (209)                                                            $24.73
  Outstanding at December 31, 2012                                                              3,532                                                            $23.11
  Granted                                                                                       1,787                                                            $32.17
  Exercised                                                                                     (887)                                                            $19.08
  Forfeited or expired                                                                          (233)                                                            $26.14
  Outstanding as at December 31, 2013                                                           4,199                                                            $27.65

As of December 31, 2013, the following options are outstanding:
  (thousands of options, except as noted)                       Number outstanding                                                           Weighted average
  Exercise Price (dollars)                                     at December 31, 2013                   Options Exercisable                     remaining life
               $14.18 - $17.99                                                            117                                 117                   1.92 years
               $18.00 - $20.99                                                            419                                 417                   3.65 years
               $21.00 - $29.99                                                          1,957                                 752                   5.25 years
               $30.00 - $33.93                                                          1,706                                  12                   6.56 years
  Total                                                                                 4,199                               1,298

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised in the year ended December 31,
2013 was $33.12 (December 31, 2012: $28.28).
Expected volatility estimated by considering historic average share price volatility. The weighted average inputs used in the
measurement of the fair values at grant date of share options are the following:
                                                                                                                                                                      82
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Share options granted

 Year Ended December 31 (dollars, except as noted)                                    2013                            2012
 Weighted average
  Fair value at grant date                                                             2.59                            2.10
  Share price at grant date                                                           31.60                           26.68
  Exercise price                                                                      32.17                           26.70
  Expected volatility (percent)                                                        20.6                            21.4
  Expected option life (years)                                                         3.67                            3.67
 Expected annual dividends per option                                                  1.65                            1.61
 Expected forfeitures (percent)                                                         7.9                             7.9
 Risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds)(percent)                           1.4                             1.3

Disclosure of long-term share unit award incentive plan
The long-term share unit award incentive plan was valued using the reporting date market price of the Company's shares
of $37.42 (December 31, 2012: $28.46). Actual payment may differ from amount valued based on market price and
company performance.
Long-term share unit award incentive units granted
 Year Ended December 31
 (thousands of share units)                                                                         2013              2012
 Number of share units granted                                                                       577               752

Employee expenses
 Year Ended December 31
 ($ millions)                                                                                       2013              2012
 Share option plan, equity settled                                                                     3                 2
 Long-term share unit award incentive plan                                                            31                15
 Share based payment expense                                                                          34                17

 Total carrying amount of liabilities for cash settled arrangements                                   48                34
 Total intrinsic value of liability for vested benefits                                               30                16

22. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Risk Management
Pembina has exposure to counterparty credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk. Pembina recognizes that effective
management of these risks is a critical success factor in managing organization and shareholder value.
Risk management strategies, policies and limits ensure risks and exposures are aligned to Pembina’s business strategy
and risk tolerance. The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for providing risk management oversight at Pembina.
The Company's Audit Committee oversees how management monitors compliance with the Company's risk management
policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of this risk framework in relation to the risks faced by the Company.
Internal audit personnel assist the Audit Committee in its oversight role by monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of
the organization’s risk management system.
                                                                                                                          83
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Counterparty credit risk
Counterparty credit risk represents the financial loss the Company would experience if a counterparty to a financial
instrument failed to meet its contractual obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the financial instruments
with the Company. Counterparty credit risk arises primarily from the Company's cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
receivables, and from counterparties to its derivative financial instruments. The carrying amount of the Company’s cash
and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and derivative financial instruments represents the maximum
counterparty credit exposure, without taking into account security held.
The Company manages counterparty credit risk through established credit management techniques, including conducting
comprehensive financial and other assessments for all new counterparties and regular reviews of existing counterparties to
establish and monitor a counterparty's creditworthiness, setting exposure limits, monitoring exposures against these limits
and obtaining financial assurances where warranted. The Company utilizes various sources of financial, credit and
business information in assessing the creditworthiness of a counterparty including external credit ratings, where available,
and in other cases, detailed financial statement analysis in order to generate an internal credit rating based on quantitative
and qualitative factors. The establishment of counterparty exposure limits is governed by a Board of Directors designated
counterparty exposure limit matrix which represents the maximum dollar amounts of counterparty exposure by debt rating
that can be approved for a counterparty. The Company continues to closely monitor and reassess the creditworthiness of
its counterparties, which has resulted in the Company reducing or mitigating its exposure to certain counterparties where it
was deemed warranted and permitted under contractual terms.
Financial assurances may include guarantees, letters of credit and cash. Letters of credit are held on $51 million
(December 31, 2012: $45 million) of the receivables balance.
Typically, the Company has collected its receivables in full and at December 31, 2013, approximately 86 percent were
current. The Company has a general lien and a continuing and first priority security interest in, and a secured charge on, all
of a shipper’s petroleum in its custody. The risk of non-collection is considered to be low and no impairment of trade and
other receivables has been made.
The Company monitors and manages its concentration of counterparty credit risk on an ongoing basis. The Company
believes these measures minimize its counterparty credit risk but there is no certainty that they will protect it against all
material losses. As part of its ongoing operations, the Company must balance its market and counterparty credit risks when
making business decisions.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they come due. The following are
the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated interest payments.
                                                                                       Outstanding balances due by period
 December 31, 2013                                    Carrying     Expected    Less Than                                 More Than
 ($ millions)                                         Amount     Cash Flows       1 Year     1 - 2 Years   2 - 5 Years     5 Years
 Trade payables and accrued liabilities                    461          461          461
 Taxes payable                                              38           38           38
 Loans and borrowings                                    1,671        2,387          334            68           250         1,735
 Convertible debentures                                    604          850           39            39           441           331
 Dividends payable                                          44           44           44
 Derivative financial liabilities                          120          120           13             5           102
 Office and vehicle leases                                              548           30            54           158           306
 Construction commitments                                             1,346        1,176           170

The Company manages its liquidity risk by forecasting cash flows over a 12 month rolling time period to identify financing
requirements. These financing requirements are then addressed through a combination of credit facilities and through
access to capital markets, if required.
                                                                                                                                 84
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Market risk
Pembina’s results are subject to movements in commodity prices, foreign exchange and interest rates. A formal Risk
Management Program including policies and procedures has been designed to mitigate these risks.
a. Commodity price risk
Pembina’s Midstream business is exposed to changes in commodity prices as a result of frac-spread risk or the relative
price differential between the input cost of the natural gas required to produce NGL products and the price in which they
are sold. Pembina responds to commodity price risk by using an active Risk Management Program to fix revenues on a
minimum of 50 percent of the committed term natural gas supply costs. Pembina Midstream business is also exposed to
variability in quality, time and location differentials. The Company utilizes financial derivative instruments as part of its
overall risk management strategy to assist in managing the exposure to commodity price risk as a result of these activities.
The Company does not trade financial instruments for speculative purposes.
b.   Foreign exchange risk
Pembina’s commodity-related cash flows are subject to currency risk, primarily arising from the denomination of specific
cash flows in US dollars. Pembina responds to this risk using an active Risk Management Program to exchange foreign
currency for domestic currency at a fixed rate.
c.   Interest rate risk
Pembina has floating interest rate debt which subjects the Company to interest rate risk. Pembina responds to this risk
under the active Risk Management Program to enter into financial derivative contracts to fix interest rates.
At the reporting date, the interest rate profile of the Company's interest-bearing financial instruments was:
                                                                                          Carrying Amounts of Financial Liability
 December 31 ($ millions)                                                               2013                               2012
 Fixed rate instruments                                                               (1,625)                            (1,424)
 Variable rate instruments                                                               (46)                              (521)
                                                                                      (1,671)                            (1,945)

Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable rate instruments
A change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the reporting date would have (increased) decreased earnings by the
amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.

 December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                2013              2012
                                                                                                     ± 100 bp          ± 100 bp
 Variable rate instruments                                                                                ±1                ±5
 Interest rate swap                                                                                                        ± (4)
 Earnings sensitivity (net)                                                                                ±1                ±1


                                                                                                                               85
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


Fair values
The fair values of financial assets and liabilities, together with the carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial
position, are as follows:

  December 31                                                                             2013                              2012
                                                                               Carrying           Fair        Carrying                   Fair
  ($ millions)                                                                 Amount            Value        Amount                    Value
  Financial assets carried at fair value
  Derivative financial instruments                                                   4              4                  8                    8
  Financial assets carried at amortized cost
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                         51             51                  27                  27
  Trade and other receivables                                                      434            434              335                    335
                                                                                   485            485              362                    362
  Financial liabilities carried at fair value
  Derivative financial instruments                                                 120            120                  68                  68
  Financial liabilities carried at amortized cost
  Trade payables and accrued liabilities                                           461            461              345                    345
  Taxes payable                                                                     38             38
  Dividends payable                                                                  44             44              39                     39
  Loans and borrowings                                                            1,671          1,764           1,945                  2,090
  Convertible debentures                                                         604(1)           633            610(1)                   725
                                                                                  2,818          2,940           2,939                  3,199
(1)
      Carrying amount excludes conversion feature of convertible debentures.

The basis for determining fair values is disclosed in Note 5.
Interest rates used for determining fair value
The interest rates used to discount estimated cash flows, when applicable, are based on the government yield curve at the
reporting date plus and adequate credit spread, and were as follows:

  December 31 (percents)                                                                                       2013                      2012
  Derivatives                                                                                            1.2% - 2.4%               1.2% - 2.5%
  Loans and borrowings                                                                                   1.7% - 5.0%               2.0% - 4.4%

Fair value of power derivatives are based on market rates reflecting forward curves.
Fair value hierarchy
The fair value of financial instruments carried at fair value is classified according to the following hierarchy based on the
amount of observable inputs used to value the instruments.
Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as the reporting date.
Pembina does not use Level 1 inputs for any of its fair value measurements.
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). Level 2 valuations are based on inputs, including quoted forward
prices for commodities, time value and volatility factors, which can be substantially observed or corroborated in the
marketplace. Instruments in this category include non-exchange traded derivatives such as over-the-counter physical
forwards and options, including those that have prices similar to quoted market prices. Pembina obtains quoted market
prices for its inputs from information sources including banks, Bloomberg Terminals and Natural Gas Exchange. All of
Pembina's significant financial instruments carried at fair value are valued using Level 2 inputs.
                                                                                                                                             86
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


The following table is a summary of the net derivative financial instrument liability:

 December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                2013             2012
 Commodity                                                                                                 5                 11
 Interest rate                                                                                             8                 14
 Foreign exchange                                                                                          1
 Conversion feature of convertible debentures (Note 13)                                                   99                 30
 Redemption liability related to acquisition of subsidiary                                                 3                  5
 Net derivative financial instruments liability                                                          116                 60

Sensitivity analysis
The following table shows the impact on earnings if the underlying risk variables of the derivative financial instruments
changed by a specified amount, with other variables held constant.
 December 31, 2013 ($ millions)                                                                           + Change    - Change
 Frac spread related
 Natural gas                                                 (AECO +/- $0.25 per GJ)                              1         (1)
 NGL (includes propane, butane and condensate)               (Belvieu +/- U.S. $0.10 per gal)                   (3)           3
  Foreign exchange (U.S.$ vs. Cdn$)                          (FX rate +/- $0.05)                                (2)          2
Product margin
  Crude oil                                                  (WTI +/- $2.50 per bbl)                            (2)           2
  NGL (includes condensate)                                  (Belvieu +/- U.S. $0.10 per gal)                     3         (3)
 Corporate
 Interest rate                                                (Rate +/- 50 basis points)                         2          (2)
 Power                                                        (AESO +/- $5.00 per MW/h)                          4          (4)
                                                             (Pembina share price +/- $0.50 per common
 Conversion feature of convertible debentures                   share)                                          (4)          4

23. OPERATING LEASES
Leases as lessee
Operating lease rentals are payable as follows:

 December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                2013             2012
 Less than 1 year                                                                                         26                 23
 Between 1 and 5 years                                                                                   206                110
 More than 5 years                                                                                       306                153
                                                                                                         538                286

The Company leases a number of offices, warehouses, vehicles and rail cars under operating leases. The leases run for a
period of one to fifteen years, with an option to renew the lease after that date. The Company has sublet office space up to
2022 and has contracted sub-lease payments of $44 million over the term.
                                                                                                                              87
Pembina Pipeline Corporation
24. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The Company's objective when managing capital is to safeguard the Company's ability to provide a stable stream of
dividends to shareholders that is sustainable over the long-term. The Company manages its capital structure and makes
adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and risk characteristics of its underlying asset base and based
on requirements arising from significant capital development activities. Pembina manages and monitors its capital structure
and short-term financing requirements using Non-GAAP measures; the ratios of debt to EBITDA, debt to Enterprise Value,
adjusted cash flow to debt and debt to equity. The metrics are used to measure the Company's overall debt position and
measure the strength of the Company's balance sheet. The Company remains satisfied that the leverage currently
employed in the Company's capital structure is sufficient and appropriate given the characteristics and operations of the
underlying asset base. The Company, upon approval from its Board of Directors, will balance its overall capital structure
through new equity or debt issuances, as required.
The Company maintains a conservative capital structure that allows it to finance its day-to-day cash requirements through
its operations, without requiring external sources of capital. The Company funds its operating commitments, short-term
capital spending as well as its dividends to shareholders through this cash flow, while new borrowing and equity issuances
are reserved for the support of specific significant development activities. The capital structure of the Company consists of
shareholder's equity plus long-term liabilities. Long-term debt is comprised of bank credit facilities, unsecured notes,
finance lease obligations and convertible debentures.
Pembina is subject to certain financial covenants in its credit facility agreements and is in compliance with all financial
covenants as of December 31, 2013.
Note 15 of these financial statements shows the change in Share Capital for the year ended December 31, 2013.
25. GROUP ENTITIES
Significant subsidiaries

                                                                                                                Ownership Interest
 December 31 (percentages)                                                                               2013                 2012
 Pembina Pipeline                                                                                         100                 100
 Pembina Gas Services Limited Partnership                                                                 100                 100
 Pembina Oil Sands Pipeline LP                                                                            100                 100
 Pembina Midstream Limited Partnership                                                                    100                 100
 Pembina North Limited Partnership                                                                        100                 100
 Pembina West Limited Partnership                                                                         100                 100
 Pembina NGL Corporation                                                                                  100                 100
 Pembina Facilities NGL LP                                                                                100                 100
 Pembina Infrastructure and Logistics LP                                                                  100                 100
 Pembina Empress NGL Partnership                                                                          100                 100
 Pembina Resource Services Canada                                                                         100                 100
 Pembina Resource Services (U.S.A.)                                                                       100                 100
                                                                                                                                 88
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


26. RELATED PARTIES
All transactions with related parties were made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length transactions.
Key management personnel and director compensation
Key management consists of the Company's directors and certain key officers.
Compensation
In addition to short-term employee benefits - including salaries, director fees and bonuses - the Company also provides key
management personnel with share-based compensation, contributes to post employment pension plans and provides car
allowances, parking and business club memberships.
Key management personnel compensation comprised:

 Year Ended December 31 ($ millions)                                                                 2013                 2012
 Short-term employee benefits                                                                             4                 3
 Share-based compensation and other                                                                       7                 6
 Total compensation of key management                                                                  11                   9

Transactions
Key management personnel and directors of the Company control less than one percent of the voting common shares of
the Company (consistent with the prior year). Certain directors and key management personnel also hold Pembina
convertible debentures and preferred shares. Dividend and interest payments received for the common shares and
debentures held are commensurate with other non-related holders of those instruments.
Certain officers are subject to employment agreements in the event of termination without just cause or change of control.
Post-employment benefit plans
Pembina has significant influence over the pension plans for the benefit of their respective employees.
Transactions
                                                                   Transaction Value                Balance Outstanding
 ($ millions)                                                   Year Ended December 31               As At December 31
 Post-employment
 benefit plan           Transaction                                 2013             2012             2013                2012
 Defined benefit plan   Funding                                      13               10

27. ACQUISITION
On April 2, 2012, Pembina acquired all of the outstanding Provident Energy Ltd. ("Provident") common shares (the
"Provident Shares") in exchange for Pembina common shares valued at approximately $3.3 billion (the "Acquisition").
Provident shareholders received 0.425 of a Pembina common share for each Provident Share held for a total of
116,535,750 Pembina common shares. On closing, Pembina assumed all of the rights and obligations of Provident relating
to the 5.75 percent convertible unsecured subordinated debentures of Provident maturing December 31, 2017, and the
5.75 percent convertible unsecured subordinated debentures of Provident maturing December 31, 2018 (collectively, the
"Provident Debentures"). The face value of the outstanding Provident Debentures at April 2, 2012 was $345 million. The
debentures remain outstanding and continue with terms and maturity as originally set out in their respective indentures.
Pursuant to the Acquisition, Provident amalgamated with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pembina and has continued under
the name "Pembina NGL Corporation". The results of the acquired business are included as part of the Midstream
business.
                                                                                                                             89
Pembina Pipeline Corporation
The purchase price equation is based on assessed fair values and is as follows:

 ($ millions)
 Cash                                                                                                                    9
 Trade receivables and other                                                                                          195
 Inventory                                                                                                              87
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                      1,988
 Intangible assets and goodwill (including $1,744 goodwill)                                                         2,405
 Trade payables and accrued liabilities                                                                             (249)
 Derivative financial instruments - current                                                                          (53)
 Derivative financial instruments - non-current                                                                      (36)
 Loans and borrowings                                                                                               (215)
 Convertible debentures                                                                                             (317)
 Provisions and other                                                                                               (128)
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                           (403)
 Other equity                                                                                                            6
 Non-controlling interest                                                                                               (5)
                                                                                                                    3,284

The determination of fair values and the purchase price equation are based upon an independent valuation. The primary
drivers that generate goodwill are synergies and business opportunities from the integration of Pembina and Provident and
the acquisition of a talented workforce. The recognized goodwill is generally not expected to be deductible for tax
purposes.
Upon closing of the Acquisition, Pembina repaid Provident's revolving term credit facility of $205 million.
Pembina’s common shares were listed and began trading on the NYSE under the symbol "PBA" on April 2, 2012.
Revenue generated by the Provident business for the period from the Acquisition date of April 2, 2012 to December 31,
2012, before intersegment eliminations, was $1,151.4 million. Net earnings, before intersegment eliminations, for the same
period were $54.2 million.
Unaudited proforma consolidated revenue (prepared as if the Acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2012) for the year
ended December 31, 2012 are $3,967.5 million and net earnings for the same period are $277 million.
                                                                                                                          90
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


28. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On January 16, 2014, Pembina closed its offering of 10,000,000 cumulative redeemable rate reset Class A Preferred
shares, Series 5 (the "Series 5 Preferred Shares") at a price of $25.00 per share for aggregate proceeds of $250 million.
The holders of Series 5 Preferred Shares are entitled to receive fixed cumulative dividends at an annual rate of $1.25 per
share, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors. The dividend rate will reset on June 1, 2019 and every five years
thereafter at a rate equal to the sum of the then five-year Government of Canada bond yield plus 3.00 percent. The Series
5 Preferred Shares are redeemable by the Company at its option on June 1, 2019 and on June 1 of every fifth year
thereafter.
Holders of the Series 5 Preferred Shares have the right to convert their shares into cumulative redeemable floating rate
Class A Preferred shares, Series 6 ("Series 6 Preferred Shares"), subject to certain conditions, on June 1, 2019 and on
June 1 of every fifth year thereafter. Holders of Series 5 Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive a cumulative quarterly
floating dividend at a rate equal to the sum of the then 90-day Government of Canada Treasury Bill yield plus 3.00 percent,
if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors of Pembina.
Proceeds from the offering were used to partially fund capital projects, to reduce indebtedness under the Company’s credit
facilities, and for other general corporate purposes of the Company. The Series 5 Preferred Shares began trading on the
Toronto Stock Exchange on January 16, 2014 under the symbol PPL.PR.E.
The Company’s Board of Directors declared an initial dividend of $0.1507 per Series 5 Preferred Share for the period from
January 16, 2014 to February 28, 2014 which is payable on March 1, 2014 to shareholders of record at the close of
business on February 1, 2014.
                                                                                                                            91
Pembina Pipeline Corporation




                               PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK




                                                               92
Pembina Pipeline Corporation


CORPORATE INFORMATION

 HEAD OFFICE
 Pembina Pipeline Corporation
 Suite 3800, 525 - 8th Avenue S.W.
 Calgary, Alberta T2P 1G1
 AUDITORS
 KPMG LLP
 Chartered Accountants
 Calgary, Alberta
 TRUSTEE, REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT
 Computershare Trust Company of Canada
 Suite 600, 530 - 8th Avenue SW
 Calgary, Alberta T2P 3S8
 1-800-564-6253
 STOCK EXCHANGE
 Pembina Pipeline Corporation
 TSX listing symbols for:
 Common shares: PPL
 Convertible debentures: PPL.DB.C, PPL.DB.E, PPL.DB.F
 Preferred shares: PPL.PR.A, PPL.PR.C, PPL.PR.E
 NYSE listing symbol for:
 Common shares: PBA
 INVESTOR INQUIRIES
 Phone: (403) 231-3156
 Fax: (403) 237-0254
 Toll Free: 1-855-880-7404
 Email: investor-relations@pembina.com
 Website: www.pembina.com


                                                        93
