OPPORTUNITY
 REDEFINED
 2018 ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS
ABOUT SANDFIRE                                                                                                     2
2018 SNAPSHOT                                                                                                      4
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE                                                                                                 6
M A N A G I N G D I R E C T O R ’ S R E P O RT A N D R E V I E W O F O P E R AT I O N S                            8
BOARD AND MANAGEMENT                                                                                              14
GOVERNANCE                                                                                                        16
S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y                                                                                        18
ORE RESERVES AND MINERAL RESOURCES                                                                                19
FINANCIAL REPORT                                                                                                  23
A D D I T I O N A L A S X I N F O R M AT I O N                                                                    98
CAUTIONARY NOTES AND DISCLAIMER                                                                                  100
C O R P O R AT E D I R E C T O RY                                                                                101




ABOUT THIS REPORT
This report has been prepared for Sandﬁre’s stakeholders in line with Sandﬁre’s statutory and regulatory obligations.
This report provides a summary of Sandﬁre’s operations and ﬁnancial position for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2018. All
references to Sandﬁre, the Group, the Company, we, us and our refer to Sandﬁre Resources NL (ABN 55 105 154 185) and its
subsidiaries.

All references to a year are the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2018 unless otherwise stated. All dollar ﬁgures are in Australian
currency unless otherwise stated.

The Annual Report includes the Financial Report and Directors’ Report approved by the Board of Directors on 29 August 2018 and
released on ASX on 30 August 2018. The remainder of the Annual Report may include information that was available up until the
date of this report, which includes events that have occurred subsequent to the release of the Financial Report.
ABOUT SANDFIRE
Sandﬁre Resources NL (ASX: SFR) is a leading mid-tier Australian mining company based in
Perth, Western Australia. Sandﬁre’s cornerstone asset is the high-grade, low cost DeGrussa
Copper-Gold Mine, which is the foundation of its longer-term vision to build a diversiﬁed
international mining house.




[2]   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                               About Sandﬁre
COMPANY STRATEGY
OUR VISION
Sandﬁre’s vision is to build a sustainable, mid-tier mining company operating in the upper
quartile of global performance benchmarks.
Sandﬁre is in the business of producing base and precious metals safely and proﬁtably from its operations for the beneﬁt of
our shareholders and stakeholders. Our focus is on three business elements:
    •    Safely managing the productivity of our operations by optimising production and rigorously controlling expenditure


                                                                                                                               2018 Snapshot
         at all times;
    •    Investing in exploration to increase the resource base of the company by discovering new deposits; and
    •    Securing assets that meet our investment criteria through business development initiatives and developing assets
         in accordance with a set of strict economic and technical criteria.

OUR FOCUS AREAS




                                                                                                                               Chairman’s Message




                                                                                                                               MD Report & Review of Ops
OUR VALUES
The Company has implemented a set of core values designed to guide the directors and employees in their day-to-day
dealings with each other, customers and the community.




                                                                                                                               Board and Management




                                                                                                                               Governance

                                                                       SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018             [3]
 2018 SNAPSHOT
“ The combination of another strong and consistent production performance,
  lower operating costs and a signiﬁcantly improved copper price translated
  into a set of record ﬁnancial results for the year.”
 – Karl Simich, Managing Director and CEO

                 STRONG, CONSISTENT PRODUCTION AND CONTINUED LOW OPERATING COSTS

           COPPER AND GOLD PRODUCTION                             C1 CASH OPERATING COST


               64,918
               TONNES OF CONTAINED COPPER
                                                                US$0.93    PER POUND
                                                                   (2017: US$0.93 PER POUND)


               39,273
                OUNCES OF CONTAINED GOLD



                                      EXCEPTIONAL FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

                 NET PROFIT AFTER TAX                               EARNINGS PER SHARE
        (attributable to equity holders of parent)

                $123.0M                                               77.85c
                   (2017: $77.5 million)                                (2017: 49.16 cents)


                         59%                                                 58%
   SALES REVENUE & PRICE ADJUSTMENTS GAINS                 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                $606.7M                                            $245.0M
                   (2017: $532.5 million)                              (2017: $216.1million)
                                                                $284.6 million prior to payments for
                                                                exploration and evaluation expenses

                         14%                                                 13%
                   CASH & DEPOSITS                                         DIVIDENDS

                $243.4M                                           27c FY18
                      at 30 June 2018                                        18c FY17
                   (2017: $126.7 million)


                         92%                                                 50%
 [4]   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                            About Sandﬁre

STRONG, CONSISTENT, LOW-COST PRODUCTION




                                                                                                                            2018 Snapshot




                                                                                                                            Chairman’s Message
DEVELOPMENT & EXPLORATION
•   Monty Copper-Gold Mine deposit being developed as a satellite source of ore feed for the DeGrussa mining operation;
    ﬁrst production on track for the December 2018 quarter.
•   Acquisition of Talisman Mining Ltd’s 30% interest in the Springﬁeld Joint Ventures, which includes the Monty
    Copper-Gold Mine development and surrounding exploration prospects.
•   Draft Operating Permit received for the 78%-owned Black Butte Copper Project in central Montana, USA, marking the
    commencement of the Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) – the ﬁnal stage of permitting. Final EIS and Record of
    Decision are currently scheduled to be issued early in the 2019 year.
•   Multi-pronged exploration programs continuing across Sandﬁre’s Greater Doolgunna Project, which, including Joint




                                                                                                                            MD Report & Review of Ops
    Ventures and Farm-ins, now covers a total area of 6,588km2.
•   Major base metals exploration program continued across the Company’s extensive tenement portfolio on the Australian
    eastern seaboard, targeting world-class discoveries in Australia’s premier exploration provinces.
•   Acquisition of cornerstone investment (acquired 11 July 2018) in ASX-listed White Rock Minerals Ltd (ASX: WRM) and
    formation of a strategic partnership under which Sandﬁre and White Rock will collaborate to advance the development
    of White Rock’s high-grade Red Mountain Zinc VMS Project in Alaska, USA.
•   Acquisition of investment stake in ASX-listed Adriatic Metals Plc (ASX: ADT) and formation of a strategic partnership
    under which Sandﬁre and Adriatic will collaborate to advance Adriatic’s high-quality zinc exploration and development
    portfolio in Bosnia-Herzegovina.


GROWING CASH BALANCE




                                                                                                                            Board and Management




                                                                                                                            Governance

                                                                     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018            [5]
                                                   CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
                                                   Dear Shareholders
                                                   2018 has been a standout year for Sandﬁre – both in
                                                   terms of the core operational and ﬁnancial performance
                                                   of our business and our continued growth and
                                                   development as an organisation committed to strive
                                                   for the highest standards of safety, responsibility and
                                                   sustainability.
                                                   As we enjoyed our ﬁrst full ﬁnancial year as a debt-free copper-gold
                                                   producer in “cash harvest” mode, the combination of strong production
                                                   and a rising copper price translated into record revenue, proﬁts, cash
                                                   generation and dividends for the 2018 ﬁnancial year.
                                                   Production was at the upper, and operating costs at the lower, end of
                                                   guidance while the average received price for our primary commodity
                                                   rose by 17 per cent in Australian dollar terms over the course of the
                                                   year. This translated into a strong increase in proﬁtability and rise in
                                                   our market capitalisation, which exceeded $1.5 billion by ﬁnancial
                                                   year-end.
                                                   However, at the time of writing this report we have all received a
                                                   reminder of the changing nature of commodity markets – with metal
                                                   prices dropping across the board in the ﬁrst few months of the new
                                                   ﬁnancial year in response to concerns over global trade, rising US
                                                   interest rates and a strengthening US dollar.
                                                   Against this backdrop, it is worth remembering that our ﬂagship
                                                   DeGrussa Operation remains an exceptional high-grade asset which
                                                   sits near the bottom of the global cost curve. This means our proﬁtable,
                                                   dividend-paying and cash-generating core operations have been
                                                   capable of delivering strong shareholder returns year-in and year-out,
                                                   and of weathering the ups and downs in the copper price cycle.
                                                   Despite the recent pull-back in commodities, we remain optimistic
                                                   about the outlook for base metals generally and for copper in
                                                   particular. The metal has exceptional market fundamentals because
                                                   of the underlying strength of demand and the continued tightening
“One of our key strategic objectives               of the global supply pipeline – which in turn reﬂects a paucity of new
                                                   discoveries and declining global mine head grades.
is to ﬁnd viable pathways to grow                  At the same time, new demand continues to emerge due to the
our business – be it through diligent              transition of the global economy towards green energy and battery
                                                   storage technologies – and the trend to electrify the world’s vehicle and
and focused exploration, prudent                   transportation ﬂeets.
and well-considered acquisitions,                  As we note in our Sustainability Report, renewable energy systems
                                                   consume approximately twelve times more copper than conventional
or the continued development of the                power generation systems – making copper essential for any successful
high-quality assets already within                 transition to fossil fuel alternatives. That means our primary product
                                                   is well placed to beneﬁt from the sustainability trends currently
our global portfolio.”                             inﬂuencing global markets, and our global growth projects.

– Derek La Ferla, Chairman                         One of our key strategic objectives is to ﬁnd viable pathways to grow
                                                   our business – be it through diligent and focused exploration, prudent
                                                   and well-considered acquisitions, or the continued development of the
                                                   high-quality assets already within our global portfolio. The growing
                                                   strength of our balance sheet, with a year-end cash position of $243
                                                   million and no debt, puts us in a unique position to continue making
                                                   signiﬁcant investments in all three areas.




     [6]   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                        About Sandﬁre



We made outstanding progress during the year with the safe, on-time         The outstanding results we have delivered over the past year are thanks
and on-budget development of the new high-grade Monty Copper-Gold           to the extraordinary hard work and commitment of our team, led by our
Mine near DeGrussa, where ﬁrst ore production is on track to occur          Managing Director, Karl Simich, and the executive management team.
before the end of 2018.                                                     The knowledge, expertise and passion of our employees is the key to
                                                                            our future success, and I would like to extend my sincere gratitude
Our development team has been executing the development of Monty
                                                                            to everyone across the organisation for their outstanding efforts and
with the same professionalism and attention to detail as we did at
                                                                            contributions this year.



                                                                                                                                                        2018 Snapshot
DeGrussa. This has become the “Sandﬁre way”, and I would like to
commend the team for their diligent work in progressively checking off      I would also like to thank you – our valued shareholders – for your
each of our development milestones during the year.                         ongoing support.
Sandﬁre utilised its strong cash position during the year to enter into a
binding agreement with our Joint Venture partner, Talisman Mining Ltd,
                                                                            Yours faithfully
to acquire the remaining 30% interest in the Springﬁeld Joint Ventures,
including the Monty Project and surrounding exploration tenure, for
$72.3 million.
This transaction is consistent with our strategic focus on consolidating
growth opportunities in the highly prospective region surrounding
DeGrussa, to leverage our high-quality existing infrastructure and
further strengthen our dominant footprint across the Bryah Basin.




                                                                                                                                                        Chairman’s Message
Further aﬁeld, the past ﬁnancial year saw positive progress at the Black    Derek La Ferla
Butte Copper Project in central Montana, USA, which is being developed      Non-Executive Chairman
through our 78%-owned North American afﬁliate, the renamed Sandﬁre
Resources America Inc. Black Butte is one of the top-10 undeveloped
copper projects worldwide by grade and is expected to become an
important component of Sandﬁre’s long-term growth proﬁle.
In September 2017, we received a Draft Operating Permit for the Black
Butte Copper Project by the Montana Department of Environmental
Quality, enabling the Company to commence the ﬁnal phase of project
permitting – completion of the Environmental Impact Statement (EIS).
Sandﬁre America has designed a state-of-the-art underground mine at




                                                                                                                                                        MD Report & Review of Ops
Black Butte, and the award of the Draft Operating Permit reﬂects the
Company’s commitment to diligently work through all of the required
permitting processes to deliver a world-class mine that sets the highest
standards in terms of environmental management. Our vision for the
Black Butte Copper Project is that it will be an example of responsible
mining in the 21st century.
Beyond Black Butte, Sandﬁre has also recently further broadened its
approach to investment – expanding our footprint and overall sphere
of inﬂuence with the launch of our “Sandﬁre Ventures” strategy. This
is based on the acquisition of cornerstone shareholdings in emerging
junior resource companies with highly-attractive base metal exploration
and development projects. Key examples include the acquisition of
stakes in White Rock Minerals Ltd and Adriatic Metals Plc.




                                                                                                                                                        Board and Management
From a sustainability perspective, our emphasis is on how Sandﬁre ﬁts
into a larger value chain, which has implications for how we pursue our
organisation’s long-term strategy and goals.
Our team has been doing some excellent work to prepare the Company
to embrace a much broader range of sustainability issues, including
our response to environmental concerns such as climate change and
water scarcity, commitment to an ethical supply chain, transparency,
and maximising social and economic beneﬁts to communities.
I encourage you to ﬁnd out more about our sustainability initiatives
– and the signiﬁcant community contribution which Sandﬁre makes
through its community partnerships – in our Annual Sustainability
Report, which is available on the Company’s website.




                                                                                                                                                        Governance

                                                                                     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                        [7]
                                                   MANAGING DIRECTOR’S
                                                   REPORT AND REVIEW OF
                                                   OPERATIONS
                                                   The 2018 ﬁnancial year was, by almost every measure,
                                                   the strongest in Sandﬁre’s six-year history of operations
                                                   at the DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine in Western Australia.
                                                   The combination of another strong and consistent
                                                   production performance, lower operating costs and a
                                                   signiﬁcantly improved copper price translated into a set
                                                   of record ﬁnancial results for the year.
                                                   We made excellent progress with the development of the new Monty
                                                   Copper-Gold Mine, which will provide a new source of high-grade
                                                   satellite feed to the DeGrussa operation. We increased our ownership of
                                                   our key offshore development asset, the high-grade Black Butte Copper
                                                   Project in Montana, USA to 78% and made signiﬁcant and positive
                                                   progress in advancing the permitting of this exciting project.
                                                   On the exploration front, we continued to expand our strategic footprint
                                                   in the Bryah Basin through new farm-in deals, and our exploration team
                                                   made an exciting breakthrough with the discovery of massive sulphides
                                                   at the Morck Well Project, extending the corridor for prospective
                                                   Volcanogenic Massive Sulphide (VMS) exploration.
                                                   We also continued to work hard to improve the culture of our
                                                   organisation, improving the effectiveness of our communications
                                                   structures, enhancing employee engagement levels and updating and
                                                   communicating our strategic plan. From a sustainability perspective,
                                                   we worked hard to reﬁne and improve our stakeholder engagement
                                                   practices, both nationally and internationally, and made tangible
                                                   progress in a range of other areas of our environmental, social and
                                                   governance practices.
                                                   The achievements of the year reﬂect the hard work which everyone
                                                   across the Sandﬁre Group has put in over recent years. Our commitment
                                                   to becoming more efﬁcient and productive when commodity prices
                                                   were down really paid off during the past year. Importantly, this is an
“The strong cash operating margins                 ethos which I believe will continue to pay dividends in the year ahead
at DeGrussa put Sandﬁre in the                     – particularly given the recent return of volatility to global commodity
                                                   markets.
enviable position of being able to
                                                   SAFETY AND SUSTAINABILITY
fund a major ongoing exploration                   Safety is fundamental to our business and we place the highest
program – both in the Doolgunna-                   emphasis on providing a safe and inclusive workplace. Our ultimate
                                                   priority as an organisation is for no fatalities or serious incidents to
Bryah Basin region and across our                  occur.

East Coast base metal portfolio –                  As outlined in more detail in our Sustainability Report, we had no
                                                   work-related fatalities or serious injuries during FY2018, but we did
while at the same time investing in                have 10 recordable injuries. While none of these related to our principal
                                                   hazards, this is not acceptable to us as one injury is too many. At the
new mine developments and growth                   end of the ﬁnancial year Sandﬁre’s total recordable injury frequency
projects, as well as a portfolio of                rate (TRIFR) per million hours worked was 7.1, compared to 5.0 last
                                                   year, and above our target of 4.5.
strategic investments which give                   While the injuries were minor, this is a disappointing result and has
Sandﬁre ﬁrst-mover position in                     prompted us to redouble our efforts in this area with a strong focus on
                                                   improving safety leadership and culture, whilst continuing to ensure
several exciting new mineral projects              that our principal hazards are controlled. We are conﬁdent that the
                                                   proactive steps we are taking will reduce our injury rate and put us on a
globally.”                                         path to achieve our target of 4.5.
– Karl Simich, Managing Director and CEO           Turning to our broader efforts in the area of sustainability and ESG
                                                   reporting, I encourage shareholders to read our Sustainability Report,
                                                   which is available on our website and the ASX platform.

     [8]   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                      About Sandﬁre




                                                                                                                                                      2018 Snapshot




One area I would particularly like to highlight is the work that Sandﬁre   This outstanding ﬁnancial performance allowed the Company to pay a
is doing to become more ﬂexible and creative in our approach to            ﬁnal fully-franked dividend of 19cps to shareholders on 25 September




                                                                                                                                                      Chairman’s Message
attracting experienced and skilled talent to the Company, and to           2018, up from 13cps for the previous corresponding period, and
encourage young people to consider a career in the mining industry.        increasing the annual payout to 27cps (18cps last year). The overall
This is against the backdrop of an external landscape which has            payout ratio for FY2018 was again based on ~35% of earnings for the
shifted signiﬁcantly with a tightening labour market and growing skills    full year.
shortage in the mining industry.
                                                                           The strong ﬁnancial result was underpinned by another consistent
Sandﬁre is actively trying to address this by attracting new people to     operational performance, low costs and a signiﬁcantly improved copper
the industry by supporting scholarships and promoting the beneﬁts          price. Sales revenue and positive copper price adjustment gains
of working within the industry. During the past ﬁnancial year, we          resulted in record sales revenue of $606.7 million (FY2017: $532.5
also trialled innovative new HR strategies such as job-sharing             million) from payable metal sales totalling 60,247 tonnes of payable
arrangements while ramping up training and development programs            copper and 35,692 ounces of payable gold (FY2017: 62,663 tonnes of
sponsored by the Company. We have continued to demonstrate strong          payable copper and 34,333 ounces of payable gold).
leadership on this important issue currently confronting the mining
                                                                           The revenue increase of $74.2 million for the year, representing an




                                                                                                                                                      MD Report & Review of Ops
industry.
                                                                           increase of 14%, was driven by strong copper markets, which also
PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONS                                                  contributed to net positive quotational period (QP) price adjustments of
                                                                           $10.5 million over the year.
Production for the year was in line with production guidance ranges
at 64,918 tonnes of contained copper and 39,273 ounces of contained        Proﬁt before net ﬁnance expense and income tax expense was $173.8
gold. We were able to maintain an impressively low operating cost          million (FY17: $114.2 million). The DeGrussa Mine segment generated
proﬁle during the year, with C1 cash operating costs averaging US$0.93     earnings before net ﬁnance and income tax expense of $226.3 million
per pound for FY2018, consistent with the previous year.                   (FY17: $158.5 million), which included depreciation and amortisation
                                                                           charges of $129.8 million (FY17: $116.9 million).
The performance of the DeGrussa underground mine remained strong,
with total ore mined for FY2018 of 1.67 million tonnes at 4.3% Cu.         Cash ﬂow from operating activities increased to $245.0 million (FY17:
Production was sourced from all four VMS lenses and the underground        $216.1 million) and to $284.6 million prior to payments for exploration
mine remained in balance between production and back-ﬁll. With             and evaluation expenses (FY17: $248.3 million).
the development of the mine and primary ventilation system largely
                                                                           Sandﬁre ﬁnished the year with Group cash of $243.4 million (up
completed, sustaining mine development capital totalled $31 million




                                                                                                                                                      Board and Management
                                                                           from $126.7 million at 30 June 2017), after making dividend
for the year.
                                                                           payments of $33.2 million, income tax payments of $61.3 million and
The DeGrussa Concentrator continued to perform well, delivering            internally funding our 70% share of the new Monty Copper-Gold Mine
stable and consistent milling rates. A total of 1.64 million tonnes was    development ($30.3 million). The Company remains debt-free after
milled for the year at an average head feed grade of 4.3% Cu and           repaying its principal debt facility in the prior period.
with overall recoveries of 91.4%. The successful commissioning of the
                                                                           In reviewing these impressive numbers, it’s worth pausing to reﬂect
rougher column cell delivered a positive uplift in copper recoveries,
                                                                           that, in the six consecutive ﬁnancial years since operations commenced
while installation of an additional concentrate thickener and ﬁlter has
                                                                           at DeGrussa, Sandﬁre has generated total revenues of $3.2 billion, total
also been completed. This will increase peak concentrate capacity
                                                                           operating cash-ﬂows of $1.5 billion and net proﬁts totalling some $480
to 400,000tpa to accommodate ore from the new Monty Copper-Gold
                                                                           million. In the process, it has fully retired the original $380 million
underground mine.
                                                                           DeGrussa Project Finance Facility and paid out 79c in dividends to
                                                                           shareholders – a truly remarkable performance for a relatively small
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
                                                                           but powerful operation.
Sandﬁre posted a record net proﬁt after income tax attributable to
members of $123.0 million for the 12 months to 30 June 2018. The
record result, which equates to earnings per share of 77.85 cents


                                                                                                                                                      Governance
(FY2017: 49.16cps) (basic and diluted), compares with a net proﬁt of
$77.5 million for the previous corresponding period, an increase of 59
per cent.

                                                                                   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                       [9]
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS                                                       The transaction, which was completed subsequent to the end of the
The strong cash operating margins at DeGrussa put Sandﬁre in the           ﬁnancial year, has allowed us to consolidate 100% ownership of the
enviable position of being able to fund a major ongoing exploration        Monty Copper-Gold Mine and surrounding exploration tenure.
program – both in the Doolgunna-Bryah Basin region and across our          Studies also continued during the year on the optimal development
East Coast base metal portfolio – while at the same time investing         pathway to exploit the 2.8 million tonnes of oxide stockpiles at
in new mine developments and growth projects, as well as a portfolio       DeGrussa, which contain an estimated 35,000 tonnes of copper and
of strategic investments which give Sandﬁre ﬁrst-mover position in         84,000 ounces of gold.
several exciting new mineral projects globally.
                                                                           Following completion of initial testwork, a heap leach ﬂowsheet was
Development of the new Monty satellite underground mine, located           conﬁrmed as the most cost-effective processing option. Ongoing test
10km east of DeGrussa, commenced during the year following the             work is focused on the use of alternative technologies in the processing
completion of the Feasibility Study and permitting process in record       route, with the Company also evaluating the use of state-of-the-art
time last year.                                                            Ore Sorting technologies. We are hopeful that a suitable commercial
Strong progress was achieved with development and mining activities        pathway to unlock the value of this signiﬁcant metal inventory will be
during the year, with on-site construction activities progressed and all   established during FY2019.
pre-production surface and underground infrastructure installed and        Further aﬁeld, we are continuing to make strong progress in advancing
in-use.                                                                    our 78%-owned underground Black Butte Copper Project, located in
Despite encountering some minor delays due to ground conditions, our       central Montana in the USA, towards development. Following the key
development team and our underground mining contractor, Byrnecut           permitting milestones achieved last year, the major focus during the
Australia Pty Ltd, have done an excellent job during the year – ensuring   year was the Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) process, which
that ﬁrst ore production remains on schedule for late in the December      represents the ﬁnal stage of permitting.
2018 quarter. Initial stope production is scheduled for the ﬁrst quarter   Following receipt of the Draft Operating Permit, an independent
of 2019.                                                                   third-party contractor (Environmental Resources Management) was
The Monty Mine is forecast to produce 70,000 tonnes of copper,             appointed by the Montana Department of Environmental Quality
21,000 ounces of gold and 288,000 ounces of silver over a three-year       (MTDEQ) to prepare the EIS, which commenced late last year. This
production life. The introduction of ore from this high-grade (8.7% Cu)    process has progressed well, with a draft EIS expected to be available
project will contribute towards a rising production proﬁle for Sandﬁre     for public comment in the December 2018 Quarter.
from FY2020 onwards.                                                       Our North American afﬁliate company, Sandﬁre Resources America
During the year Sandﬁre reached agreement to acquire Talisman              Inc., also secured a number of other ancillary permits for the project
Mining Ltd’s 30% interest in the Springﬁeld Exploration and Mining         including the draft Air Quality Permit (which will be incorporated into
Joint Ventures for total consideration of $72.3 million in cash plus an    the EIS), a 301 Permit for stream crossings, a 318 and 401 permit, a
ongoing 1% Net Smelter Return (NSR) royalty on any future discoveries.     Montana Pollution Discharge Elimination System permit, and a 404
                                                                           wetlands permit.




[10]    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                               About Sandﬁre
Once completed, the EIS will result in a ﬁnal Record of Decision (ROD),           and focus on establishing ownership of tenure along this key trend.
allowing construction and development of the underground mine to                  We achieve this by pegging vacant ground or by entering into Joint
commence on private ranch land in Meagher County.                                 Ventures and/or Farm-in agreements with owners of the tenure along
                                                                                  this horizon (as was the case with the discovery of the Monty copper-
Preparations are advancing well for the Deﬁnitive Feasibility Study
                                                                                  gold deposit in 2015).
(DFS) on the Black Butte Copper Project. A drilling program was
completed during the year to recover mineralised samples for further              As a result of new farm-in deals concluded during the year we have
metallurgical test work, and to inform the geological model. Mineralised          continued to strengthen our strategic footprint across the Bryah
core has been prepared for metallurgical testing in Canada, with                  Basin – with the recent Auris Minerals Ltd and Alchemy Resources Ltd
the results to support the design of the proposed ﬂowsheet for the                farm-ins boosting our aggregate continuous exploration area to 6,588
processing plant.                                                                 square kilometres.

The Company has also contracted SRK Consulting to complete a review               In areas of newly-acquired ground, our systematic and diligent
of the structural geology of the project, with the results to be fed into         approach to exploration commences with systematic ﬁrst-pass
the initial underground design work. The Company has signed a letter              programs of air-core (AC) drilling and moving-loop electromagnetics



                                                                                                                                                               2018 Snapshot
of intent with GR Engineering Services Ltd to be the lead consultant              (MLEM) to allow us to see below transported cover and conﬁrm the
on the Feasibility Study. Under the arrangement with GR Engineering               extents of the prospective horizon.
Services Ltd, Mining Plus Pty Ltd will prepare the Mineral Reserve                In addition to this, we also evaluate for a discrete concentration of
Statement. Other work packages required for the DFS are currently                 a number of elements (geochemical anomalies) and any conductive
being prepared for tender.                                                        responses that may be the product of massive sulphides. Any
The completion of the DFS will provide us with the ﬁrst comprehensive             anomalies from this ﬁrst-pass of exploration are followed up with
update of the Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA) of the Black                  reverse circulation (RC) or diamond drilling (DDH) to test deeper into
Butte Copper Project completed in 2013. The PEA conﬁrmed that the                 the fresh rock for the existence of massive sulphides.
Black Butte deposit has the potential to underpin a robust underground            Where possible, down-hole electro magnetics (DHEM) is run on all of the
mining operation with forecast life-of-mine production of ~30,000tpa              deeper RC and DD holes, allowing us to survey for conductive responses
of copper-in-concentrate over a mine life of ~11 years.                           off-hole much deeper than we can see with the surface DHEM.




                                                                                                                                                               Chairman’s Message
EXPLORATION                                                                       In the Bryah Basin, exploration is complicated by the amount of
Our exploration strategy for the Doolgunna-Bryah Basin region has been            transported cover we encounter across the region – in some places
developed and enhanced over a number of years as we progressively                 reaching upwards of 160m below surface, and the structural complexity
reﬁne our understanding of the intricacies of exploration in the district.        of the region.

Our regional exploration strategy comprises two main components:                  This complexity is also an opportunity and makes these high-value
Volcanogenic Massive Sulphide (or VMS) exploration (targeting                     styles of deposits relatively under explored in the region, if explored at
DeGrussa and Monty-style mineralisation) and structurally-hosted                  all. Our team has shown that it has the commitment and competence
copper exploration (Thaduna and Green Dragon-style mineralisation).               to unlock new discoveries in the region, and the two VMS discoveries
                                                                                  we have made so far in the east of the Basin (DeGrussa and Monty)
VMS exploration is our primary target, given that our dominant                    are both of exceptional grade and signiﬁcantly reward continued
tenement holding includes a 90km strike extent of host VMS lithologies            exploration effort.




                                                                                                                                                               MD Report & Review of Ops
which represents an unparalleled opportunity for VMS exploration
                                                                                  We continue to learn on the ground, reﬁne our techniques and work with
in global terms, particularly because of its proximity to our existing
                                                                                  our partners, both subject matter experts and technology specialists, to
processing infrastructure.
                                                                                  ensure that we are at the cutting edge of VMS exploration. Our belief is
In this style of exploration, we extrapolate what we believe to be the            that the Bryah Basin is the most prospective, high grade copper belt in
prospective geological horizon along strike from DeGrussa and Monty               Australia and worthy of continued focus and exploration.




                                                                                                                                                               Board and Management




                                                    Sandﬁre tenement holding in the Greater Doolgunna area.                                                    Governance

                                                                                         SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                         [11]
We completed a total of over 256,000 metres of drilling across our           The investment in White Rock was completed subsequent to the end
Doolgunna tenements during FY2018, including nearly 210,000 metres           of the reporting period, with the parties also agreeing to formalise a
of RAB and AC drilling, supported by geophysics and a continued              strategic relationship in relation to White Rock’s globally signiﬁcant
review of geochemistry. This expansive work program spanned multiple         high-grade Red Mountain Zinc VMS Project in Alaska.
prospects, including Homestead, Vulcan West, Airstrip South, Jenkins,
                                                                             We also acquired a 19.4% strategic interest in unlisted exploration
Cabernet, and the area surrounding the Monty Project.
                                                                             company, Andes Resources Ltd (Andes), during the year, also agreeing
One of the highlights of the year was the discovery of narrow zones of       to form a Technical Committee under which Andes will have access to
supergene and fresh massive sulphide mineralisation at the Morck             Sandﬁre’s technical expertise to develop its Andes Project. The majority
Well JV area, with signiﬁcant results from Aircore drilling including        of the project, which is prospective for gold and copper, lies within the
intercepts of 11m grading 3.5% copper from 73m in MWAC0109                   municipalities of Andes, Jardin, Betania & Bolivar in the department of
including a 3m zone grading 9.5% Cu.                                         Antioquia, Colombia.
The overall tenor and grade of the mineralisation encountered is             These strategic investments provide compelling growth opportunities
very encouraging and is the ﬁrst time we have intersected massive            over the medium term.
sulphides outside of the DeGrussa mine complex and the more
recent Monty discovery. While we have not yet been able to convert           SUMMARY AND OUTLOOK
this early encouragement into a commercial discovery, we remain              Sandﬁre has a hard-earned and well-justiﬁed reputation as a
extremely optimistic about the potential of this area – where the highly     consistent and reliable performer in the mid-tier mining sector on the
prospective Karalundi trend extends from the Homestead area, through         ASX.
Vulcan West and moving south-west to the Morck’s Well Project.
                                                                             I believe that the professionalism, focus and diligence of our approach
Step-out RC drilling supported by down-hole electromagnetic surveying        will stand us in good stead as we continue to advance towards our
and surface electro-magnetic surveying is continuing across this             goal of building a diversiﬁed international mining house through new
exciting corridor, where we continue to see numerous encouraging             mine development activities in Australia and the USA and a continued
geological indicators for a potential new breakthrough discovery.            expansive commitment to exploration.
We are excited by the new exploration opportunities that we have             The Company has much to look forward to over the year ahead, and
secured by acquiring Independence Group’s farm-in rights over the            beyond.
base metal prospective tenements held by Alchemy Resources. In
addition to extending our prospective footprint directly along strike from   Production for FY2019 is forecast at 63-67kt of copper and 37-40koz of
the DeGrussa mine and plant, this deal has given us numerous new             gold, at a C1 cash cost of US$1.00-1.05/lb, with the continued strong
exploration targets. A multi-pronged exploration program commenced in        cash generation at DeGrussa and the Company’s debt-free balance
this area in September.                                                      sheet providing a solid foundation for our aspiration to develop a global
                                                                             portfolio of high-quality resource assets.
We are also continuing to progress our east coast exploration initiative,
targeting world-class discoveries in some of Australia’s premier             We are pleased to have completed the acquisition of 100% of the
exploration provinces. Extensive drilling programs continued during          Springﬁeld assets, including the Monty mine, which will come on
the year at the Temora Project in NSW to follow up on the signiﬁcant         stream by the end of the 2018 calendar year. Exploration activities
porphyry copper mineralisation discovered at the Donnington prospect         will continue to gather momentum on a number of fronts. And we are
last year.                                                                   eagerly anticipating the receipt of ﬁnal approvals for the Black Butte
                                                                             Copper Project in Montana, which will allow that project to move into
SANDFIRE VENTURES                                                            full development mode.
Sandﬁre further expanded its asset portfolio through the acquisition         This exceptional growth platform is the result of the outstanding
of cornerstone shareholdings in two highly prospective ASX listed            ongoing hard work and commitment of our dedicated team of staff and
companies, comprising a 7.7% strategic stake in Adriatic Metals Plc          contractors, and I would like to extend my sincerest thanks to them for
(ASX: ADT) and a 12.7% investment in White Rock Minerals Ltd (ASX:           their signiﬁcant efforts during the year. As always, I would also like to
WRM).                                                                        gratefully acknowledge the wonderful support of our loyal shareholders.
                                                                             This is an exciting period for Sandﬁre, and we can all be justiﬁably
Adriatic holds the Veovaca and Rupice polymetallic projects in Bosnia
                                                                             proud of the tremendous opportunities that lay ahead.
Herzegovina. Recent drilling in the Rupice Project has delivered broad,
high-grade intercepts including 64m @ 4.6g/t Au, 537g/t Ag, 0.9% Cu,
7.7% Pb, 10.8% Zn, 46% BaSO4 from 214m.
Sandﬁre and Adriatic have entered into a strategic partnership
agreement under which Adriatic will have access to Sandﬁre’s
signiﬁcant technical expertise to develop the Veovaca and Rupice
projects, as well as further strategic support to unlock the potential       Karl Simich
from Adriatic’s regional exploration portfolio.                              Managing Director and CEO


[12]    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
About Sandﬁre   2018 Snapshot   Chairman’s Message   MD Report & Review of Ops   Board and Management   Governance
                                                                                                                     [13]
                                                                                                                     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                                                                         3. Mr Robert Scott
                                                                         Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                         Qualiﬁcations: FCA

                                                                         Mr Scott is a Chartered Accountant and former international partner with
                                                                         major global accounting ﬁrms with over 35 years’ experience in corporate
                                                                         structuring and taxation planning. He has served as a Chairman and as
                                                                         non-executive director with various publicly listed resource companies with
                                                                         operational experience in Australia, USA and Asia and has a strong focus on
                                                                         project governance, audit and risk management. Mr Scott holds a Fellowship
                                   1                                2    of the Australian Institute of Chartered Accountants and the Taxation Institute
                                                                         of Australia and is a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
                                                                         Mr Scott has served as the Chairman of Homeloans Ltd and as a Non-executive
                                                                         Director of RTG Mining Inc.

                                                                         4. Mr Paul Hallam
                                                                         Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                         Qualiﬁcations: BE (Hons) Mining, FAICD, FAusIMM

                                                                         Mr Hallam has more than 40 years Australian and international resource
                                                                         industry experience. His operating and corporate experience is across a range
                                                                         of commodities (iron ore, bauxite, alumina, aluminium, gold, silver, copper, zinc
                                   3                                4    and lead) and includes both surface and underground mining. Mr Hallam retired
                                                                         in 2011 to pursue a career as a professional non-executive director. He has held
                                                                         Australian and international non-executive director roles since 1997.
                                                                         His former executive roles include Director – Operations with Fortescue Metals
                                                                         Group, Executive General Manager – Development & Projects with Newcrest Mining
                                                                         Limited, Director - Victorian Operations with Alcoa and Executive General Manager
                                                                         - Base and Precious Metals with North Ltd. In these and previous roles Mr Hallam
                                                                         has held site and corporate accountability for all site functions plus sales and
                                                                         marketing, stakeholder management, capital projects and regulatory oversite
                                                                         and management for multiple mining operations. Mr Hallam is a qualiﬁed mining
                                                                         engineer and holds a BE (Hons) from Melbourne University and a Certiﬁcate of
                                                                         Mineral Economics from Curtin University. He is a Fellow of the Australian Institute
                                   5                                6    of Company Directors and the Australasian Institute of Mining & Metallurgy.

                                                                         5. Ms Maree Arnason
1. Mr Derek La Ferla                                                     Independent Non-Executive Director
Independent Non-Executive Chairman                                       Qualiﬁcations: B.Arts, GAICD
Qualiﬁcations: B.Arts, B.Juris, B.Law, Fellow of AICD                    Ms Arnason is an experienced director and senior executive whose career has
Mr La Ferla is a corporate lawyer and company director with more         spanned 30 years in the resources, energy and manufacturing sectors with
than 30 years’ experience. He has held senior positions with some of     companies including BHP, Carter Holt Harvey and Wesfarmers and has signiﬁcant
Australia’s leading law ﬁrms and a variety of board positions with       leadership expertise working in complex corporate and project environments with a
listed public companies and not for proﬁt organisations. Mr La Ferla     focus on risk and reputation. Ms Arnason is a Non-Executive Director of ASX-listed
is currently a Partner (on a part time basis) with Western Australian    mineral sands producer MZI Resources, a Co-Founder/Director of Energy Access
ﬁrm, Lavan and is Chairman of Veris Limited (previously called OTOC      Services, who operate an automated and independent Western Australian-focused
Limited) and Threat Protect Australia Limited. He is also a Non-         wholesale gas trading platform and a member of the Australian Securities and
Executive Director of Goldﬁelds Money Limited. Mr La Ferla is a fellow   Investments Commission (ASIC) Director Advisory Panel. An active not-for-proﬁt
of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a member of the     contributor for 25 years, Ms Arnason serves on CEDA’s (Committee for Economic
AICD Council (WA Division).                                              Development of Australia) WA State Advisory Council, the Juniper Board - one of
                                                                         WA’s largest aged care community beneﬁt organisations and is a life member and
                                                                         past National Director of the Australia China Business Council.
2. Mr Karl M Simich
Managing Director and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer                             6. Dr Roric Smith
Qualiﬁcations: B.Com, FCA, F.Fin                                         Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr Simich is an experienced international mining executive who           Qualiﬁcations: B.Sc (Hons) Geology, Ph.D Geology
has been involved in the ﬁnancing, construction, development and         Dr Smith is a highly experienced geologist with extensive Australian and
operation of various mining projects in New Zealand, Australia and       international experience and is currently a Non-Executive Director of Saracen
Africa. Specialising in resource ﬁnance and corporate management, Mr     Mineral Holdings Limited. Until June 2016, Dr Smith was Vice President, Discovery
Simich has been a director of and held senior positions with a number    and Chief Geologist for Evolution, where he played a key role in leading that
of ASX-listed mining companies. Mr Simich is a Fellow of the Institute   company’s exploration efforts. Prior to joining Evolution, Dr Smith held numerous
of Chartered Accountants and a Fellow of the Financial Services          senior executive positions with the gold producer AngloGold Ashanti, including
Institute of Australasia and has completed post-graduate studies in      as Senior Vice President, Global Greenﬁeld Exploration; Country Manager and
business and ﬁnance.                                                     Chief Representative China; Exploration Manager - North Asia Region; and Chief
                                                                         Geologist Australia. Dr Smith holds a B.Sc (Hons) Geology and Ph.D from the
                                                                         University of Natal in South Africa.



[14]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                            3. Mr Robert Klug                                                           About Sandfire
                                                                            Chief Commercial Officer and Joint Company Secretary
                                                                            Qualifications: B.Com, LLB

                                                                            Mr Klug is an experienced commercial manager having held accounting,
                                                                            senior legal, corporate finance and executive management roles in his
                                                                            25 plus year career. Initially trained as an auditor at KPMG, Mr Klug
                                                                            completed a law degree at Murdoch University and worked as a corporate
                                                                            lawyer in London before joining Freehills in Perth advising small and
                                                                            mid-cap resources companies. As a Director of Carmichael Capital
                              1                                     2       Markets, the corporate finance arm of DJ Carmichael Stockbrokers, Mr



                                                                                                                                                        2018 Snapshot
                                                                            Klug developed his expertise in corporate finance before moving to senior
                                                                            management roles within ASX listed resource companies including St
                                                                            Barbara Limited and Heron Resources Limited. Since joining Sandfire
                                                                            in 2012, Mr Klug has overseen all legal and commercial aspects of the
                                                                            business with specific responsibilities related to sales, marketing and
                                                                            ESG.

                                                                            4. Mr Bruce Hooper
                                                                            Chief Exploration and Business Development Officer
                                                                            Qualifications: B.Sc, RPGeo
                              3                                     4
                                                                            Mr Hooper is a registered professional geoscientist with extensive




                                                                                                                                                        Chairman’s Message
                                                                            experience in the resources industry including the energy, base metal
                                                                            and precious metal fields in Australia, Asia, the Americas and Africa.
                                                                            Prior to joining Sandfire in 2012, Mr Hooper worked in a number of
                                                                            senior exploration, operational and business development roles for
                                                                            a variety of companies including BP, Rio Tinto, North Ltd, Straits
                                                                            Resources, Perilya Ltd and Ivernia. From October 2015 to July 2016
                                                                            Mr Hooper was on secondment to the Sandfire Resources America Inc.
                                                                            office in Montana where he served as the Chief Executive Officer.

                                                                            5. Mr Shannan Bamforth
                              5                                             General Manager Geology
                                                                            Qualifications: B.Sc (Geo)




                                                                                                                                                        MD Report & Review of Ops
                                                                            Mr Bamforth is a geologist with over 20 years’ experience in the
1. Mr Richard Beazley                                                       resources industry with a focus on base metals, gold and coal. He
Chief Operating Officer                                                     has worked in exploration and operational roles in Australia, Africa,
Qualifications: B.E (Mining), MBA (Technology Management), MAusIMM, MAICD   China and Indonesia. Prior to joining Sandfire in 2010, Mr Bamforth
                                                                            held various senior positions with a variety of companies including
Mr Beazley is an experienced mining engineer with 30 years of
                                                                            Regent Pacific Group, St Barbara Mines, AngloGold Ashanti, and Acacia
experience. He has a strong corporate, operational and technical
                                                                            Resources. He is a member of The Australian Institute of Mining and
background in the resources industry. Mr Beazley is currently a Director
                                                                            Metallurgy.
of Altair Mining Consultancy. Altair provides expertise in developing and
operating resource projects around the world from the board room to the
work place. His former roles have included Managing Director of Peak
Resources Limited, General Manager Operations at Consolidated Minerals
and General Manager Southern Cross Operations at St Barbara Limited.




                                                                                                                                                        Board and Management
2. Mr Matthew Fitzgerald
Chief Financial Officer and Joint Company Secretary
Qualifications: B.Com, CA

Mr Fitzgerald is a chartered accountant with extensive experience
in the resources industry. He began his career in the Assurance &
Advisory division of KPMG, before joining ASX-listed Kimberley Diamond
Company NL in 2003, where he held the position of Chief Financial
Officer and Director until July 2008. Mr Fitzgerald is also the Chairman
of Sandfire Resources America Inc. (TSX.V: SFR), which is permitting
the 100% owned and leased Black Butte Copper Project. Sandfire owns
78.1% of Sandfire Resources America Inc.




                                                                                                                                                        Governance

                                                                                   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                      [15]
GOVERNANCE
The Board and all levels of management are fully committed to maintaining and enhancing
corporate governance so that it continues to contribute to Sandﬁre’s vision to build a
sustainable, mid-tier mining company operating in the upper quartile of global performance
benchmarks.
The Board of Directors guides and monitors the business and affairs of the Group on behalf of the shareholders by whom they are elected and to
whom they are accountable. In performing its responsibilities, the Board acts in the best interests of the Company, honestly, fairly and diligently and
in accordance with the duties and obligations imposed upon it by Sandﬁre’s Constitution and the law.
To assist the Board to discharge its responsibilities, the Board has established the following committees:
   • Sustainability Committee;
   • Audit and Risk Committee; and
   • Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
Details of relevant qualiﬁcation and experience for Committee members can be found on pages 23 to 25 of the Annual Report.
Whilst the Board of Directors is responsible for establishing the corporate governance framework of the Group, at Sandﬁre, we believe good
governance is the collective responsibility for all levels of management and staff. We believe that excellence in governance is intrinsic to our social
license to operate and essential for the long-term sustainability of our business and is one of our key focus areas and measures of success.
Our governance framework supports our people to deliver our strategy and provides an integral role in effective and responsible decision making.
Sandﬁre’s Code of Conduct and governance policies reinforce the importance of our values in carrying out our responsibilities to shareholders,
employees, business partners, government, regulators and broader community.
The Company regularly reviews its governance arrangements and corporate governance policies to reﬂect the growth of the Company, current
legislation and best practise. Further information about governance at Sandﬁre, as well as copies of our Board and Committee Charters; Code of
Conduct and various governance policies can be found on the Governance page on our website at www.sandﬁre.com.au.

2018 Corporate Governance Statement
Sandﬁre’s Corporate Governance Statement outlines the key features of Sandﬁre’s corporate governance framework, by reference to the ASX
Corporate Governance Council’s 3rd Edition of its Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations (ASX Recommendations).
Sandﬁre’s Corporate Governance Statement is accurate and current as at 12 October 2018 and has been approved by the Board of Directors. During
the FY2018 reporting period, the Company’s corporate governance practices have complied with all relevant ASX Recommendations.
The Corporate Governance Statement can be found on Sandﬁre’s website at http://www.sandﬁre.com.au/investor/governance.html along with the
ASX Appendix 4G, a checklist cross-referencing the ASX Recommendations to disclosures in the Corporate Governance Statement, the 2018 Annual
Report and the Company website.




[16]    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                               About Sandﬁre
                                   GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK




                                                                                               2018 Snapshot




                                                                                               Chairman’s Message




                                                                                               MD Report & Review of Ops




SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS




                                                                                               Board and Management
* Company Constitution
* Code of Conduct
* Board and Committee Charters
* Policies and procedures
* Corporate Governance Statement
 Available on our website
 www.sandﬁre.com.au/investor/governance.html




                                                                                               Governance

                                                SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018   [17]
SUSTAINABILITY
Sandﬁre is committed to open and transparent communication. Sandﬁre’s fourth annual Sustainability Report, available on the Company’s
website, provides comprehensive disclosure on how it responds to sustainability challenges and opportunities and its management of economic,
environment, social and governance issues.
In FY2017, Sandﬁre announced its sustainability strategy to guide Sandﬁre over the period 2017 – 2021. The strategy links the numerous
activities supporting sustainable development throughout the Company and connects them to broader goals. It also supports Sandﬁre’s broader
business strategy, underscoring how sustainability ﬁts within its business objectives including growth, supporting its people, safety and operating
responsibly.
Progress made against this strategy and the associated targets are detailed in Sandﬁre’s Sustainability Report.
Sandﬁre reports its sustainability information in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards G4 ‘core’ option.




                                         The 2018 Sustainability Report
                                         can be viewed at
                                         www.sandﬁre.com.au




[18]    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                    Sustainability
ORE RESERVES AND MINERAL RESOURCES
Sandﬁre’s Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource estimates are presented on the following pages of this report. The mineral resource estimates are
reported inclusive of ore reserve estimates. Data is rounded to reﬂect appropriate precision in the estimate and differences may occur due to
rounding.
The ASX releases, including JORC Table 1 documentation, which detail the material assumptions and technical parameters for each estimate,
and the JORC Code Competent Person Statements for Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources are available on the Company’s website at




                                                                                                                                                    Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
www.sandﬁre.com.au (refer to the Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves & Mine Plan page of the Operations menu).
No material changes have occurred in Sandﬁre’s ore reserve and mineral resource estimates since the previous Annual Report, except for those
declared for the DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine. A comparison of the current declared mineral resource and ore reserve estimates to that of the
previous year for DeGrussa is outlined in the table below.

                                                      Tonnes      Copper          Gold      Contained     Contained
                                                        (Mt)         (%)          (g/t)     Copper (t)     Gold (oz)
Mineral Resource
31 Dec 2016                                              9.5          4.2           1.6       400,000       500,000
31 Dec 2017                                              7.6          4.1           1.6       311,000       384,000
Ore Reserve
31 Dec 2016                                              8.9          3.6           1.4       316,000       410,000
31 Dec 2017                                              8.5          3.4           1.3       290,000       359,000




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report
The variance between the 2016 and 2017 DeGrussa mineral resource estimates primarily reﬂects mining depletion and sterilisation. The variance
between the 2016 and 2017 DeGrussa ore reserve estimates reﬂects mining depletion, revision to mining modifying factors, review and conversion
of previously unconverted underground mineral resources, and a review and update of open pit surface stockpiles.
The DeGrussa mineral resource and ore reserve is declared as at 31 December 2017. Material changes have occurred in the interim period up to
30 June 2018 and are due to mining depletion of approximately 0.8 Mt at 4.5% Cu, 1.4 g/t Au for 37,000t of contained copper and 38,000oz of
contained gold.

DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine Underground – Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource as at 31 December 2017
                                        Ore Reserve                                                      Mineral Resource
              Reserve     Tonnes    Copper     Gold Contained Contained        Resource     Tonnes       Copper        Gold Contained Contained
Deposit       category      (Mt)       (%)     (g/t) Copper (t) Gold (oz)      category       (Mt)          (%)        (g/t) Copper (t) Gold (oz)




                                                                                                                                                    Additional ASX Information
DeGrussa      Proved          0.4      6.0      2.1      26,000     30,000     Measured         0.4         7.2         2.6      28,000    32,000
              Probable      <0.1       4.8      1.1       1,000      1,000     Indicated      <0.1          1.6         1.0      <1000      1,000
                                                                               Inferred           -           -             -         -         -
              Total           0.5      5.9      2.1      27,000    31,000      Total            0.4         6.9         2.5      28,000    33,000
Conductor 1   Proved          1.8      3.9      1.5      69,000    85,000      Measured         1.5         5.4         2.0      81,000    98,000
              Probable        0.3      3.4      1.2       9,000    10,000      Indicated        0.2         1.6         0.4       3,000     3,000
                                                                               Inferred       <0.1          4.4         2.0     <1,000    <1,000
              Total           2.0      3.8      1.4      78,000    95,000      Total            1.7         4.9         1.8      85,000   102,000
Conductor 4   Proved          1.3      4.6      1.6      60,000    66,000      Measured         1.2         6.2         2.1      73,000    78,000




                                                                                                                                                    Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
              Probable        0.4      3.8      1.3      16,000    18,000      Indicated        0.1         1.4         0.5       2,000     2,000
                                                                               Inferred         0.1         3.6         1.4       4,000     5,000
              Total           1.7      4.4      1.5      76,000    84,000      Total            1.4         5.6         1.9      79,000    85,000
Conductor 5   Proved          1.2      4.8      2.2      60,000    86,000      Measured         1.2         6.4         2.8      76,000   107,000
              Probable        0.2      4.6      1.8      11,000    14,000      Indicated        0.1         4.0         1.6       5,000     7,000
                                                                               Inferred       <0.1          4.4         1.7       1,000     1,000
              Total           1.5      4.8      2.1      71,000   100,000      Total            1.4         6.1         2.6      82,000   115,000
Stockpiles    Proved          0.1      4.9      1.9       3,000      4,000     Measured         0.1         4.9         1.9       3,000     4,000
Total         Proved          4.8      4.5      1.8     218,000   271,000      Measured         4.3         6.0         2.3     261,000   319,000
              Probable        1.0      3.9      1.4      37,000    42,000      Indicated        0.5         2.2         0.8      11,000    13,000
                                                                               Inferred         0.1         3.8         1.5       5,000     6,000
              Total           5.8      4.4      1.7     255,000   313,000      Total            4.9         5.6         2.1     277,000   338,000




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Directory
                                                                                  SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                     [19]
Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources (continued)

DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine Open Pit – Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource as at 31 December 2017

                                                   Ore Reserve                                                                    Mineral Resource
                    Reserve        Tonnes     Copper        Gold Contained Contained               Resource          Tonnes       Copper       Gold Contained Contained
Deposit             category         (Mt)        (%)        (g/t) Copper (t) Gold (oz)             category            (Mt)          (%)       (g/t) Copper (t) Gold (oz)
Stockpiles          Proved             2.7        1.3        0.5         34,000      46,000        Measured             2.7          1.3        0.5       34,000    46,000
                    Probable             -          -          -              -            -       Indicated              -            -             -         -         -
                                                                                                   Inferred               -            -             -         -         -
                    Total              2.7        1.3        0.5         34,000      46,000        Total                2.7          1.3        0.5       34,000    46,000

DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine Total - Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource as at 31 December 2017
                                                     Ore Reserve                                                                   Mineral Resource
                    Reserve         Tonnes      Copper          Gold Contained Contained               Resource        Tonnes      Copper      Gold Contained Contained
Deposit             category          (Mt)         (%)          (g/t) Copper (t) Gold (oz)             category          (Mt)         (%)      (g/t) Copper (t) Gold (oz)
DeGrussa            Proved              0.4          6.0           2.1      26,000       30,000        Measured           0.4         7.2       2.6       28,000    32,000
                    Probable          <0.1           4.8           1.1       1,000        1,000        Indicated        <0.1          1.6       1.0      <1,000      1,000
                                                                                                       Inferred               -            -         -         -         -
                    Total               0.5          5.9           2.1      27,000       31,000        Total              0.4         6.9       2.5       28,000    33,000
Conductor 1         Proved              1.8          3.9           1.5      69,000       85,000        Measured           1.5         5.4       2.0       81,000    98,000
                    Probable            0.3          3.4           1.2       9,000       10,000        Indicated          0.2         1.6       0.4        3,000     3,000
                                                                                                       Inferred         <0.1          4.4       2.0      <1,000    <1,000
                    Total               2.0          3.8           1.4      78,000       95,000        Total              1.7         4.9       1.8       85,000   102,000
Conductor 4         Proved              1.3          4.6           1.6      60,000       66,000        Measured           1.2         6.2       2.1       73,000    78,000
                    Probable            0.4          3.8           1.3      16,000       18,000        Indicated          0.1         1.4       0.5        2,000     2,000
                                                                                                       Inferred           0.1         3.6       1.4        4,000     5,000
                    Total               1.7          4.4           1.5      76,000       84,000        Total              1.4         5.6       1.9       79,000    85,000
Conductor 5         Proved              1.2          4.8           2.2      60,000       86,000        Measured           1.2         6.4       2.8       76,000   107,000
                    Probable            0.2          4.6           1.8      11,000       14,000        Indicated          0.1         4.0       1.6        5,000     7,000
                                                                                                       Inferred         <0.1          4.4       1.7        1,000     1,000
                    Total               1.5          4.8           2.1      71,000     100,000         Total              1.4         6.1       2.6       82,000   115,000
Stockpiles          Proved              2.8          1.3           0.6      37,000       50,000        Measured           2.8         1.3       0.6       37,000    50,000
                                                                                                       Indicated              -            -         -         -         -
Total               Proved              7.5          3.4           1.3     253,000     317,000         Measured           7.0         4.2       1.6      295,000   365,000
                    Probable            1.0          3.9           1.4      37,000       42,000        Indicated          0.5         2.2       0.8       11,000    13,000
                                                                                                       Inferred           0.1         3.8       1.5        5,000     6,000
                    Total               8.5          3.4           1.3     290,000     359,000         Total              7.6         4.1       1.6      311,000   384,000
Notes:
(a)     Mineral Resource is based on a 1.0% Cu cut-off and allows for mining depletion and sterilisation as at 31 December 2017.
(b)     Data is rounded to reﬂect appropriate precision in the estimate and differences may occur due to rounding.
(c)     Ore Reserve include mining dilution and recovery.




[20]        SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                               Sustainability

Monty Copper-Gold Mine Underground – Ore Reserve as at 31 March 2017 and Mineral Resource as at 31 March 2016
                                                     Ore Reserve                                                                    Mineral Resource
                    Reserve         Tonnes       Copper         Gold Contained Contained                Reserve       Tonnes        Copper           Gold Contained Contained
Deposit             Category          (Mt)          (%)         (g/t) Copper (t) Gold (oz)              Category        (Mt)           (%)           (g/t) Copper (t) Gold (oz)




                                                                                                                                                                                               Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Monty               Proved                   -         -            -             -               -     Measured            -               -              -                 -            -
                    Probable           0.92          8.7         1.4       80,000         42,000        Indicated       1.04              9.3            1.6        97,000          54,000
                                                                                                        Inferred        0.01          20.7               2.7           2,000         1,000
                    Total              0.92          8.7         1.4       80,000         42,000        Total           1.05              9.4            1.6        99,000          55,000
Notes:
(a)     Mineral Resource is based on a 1.0% Cu cut-off.
(b)     Data is rounded to reﬂect appropriate precision in the estimate and differences may occur due to rounding.
(c)     Included within the Ore Reserve is marginal grade material that is currently sub-economic that could become economic in the future. The quantity of this material is 10,000
        tonnes at 2.5% Cu for 246 tonnes of copper and 0.6 g/t Au for 200 ounces of gold. This material represents 1% of the Ore Reserve tonnes and less than 1% of the contained
        copper and gold.
(d)     Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource is reported on a 100% Sandﬁre basis, following the acquisition of Talisman Mining Ltd’s 30% interest in the Springﬁeld Joint Ventures.

Black Butte Copper-Gold Project – Mineral Resource as at 31 December 2016

                                                                           Tonnes              Copper       Silver        Cobalt          Contained            Contained         Contained
Deposit                              Resource Category                       (Mt)                 (%)        (g/t)          (%)           Copper (t)           Silver (oz)       Cobalt (t)




                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report
Black Butte                          Measured                                  2.7                3.0           16           0.12               79,000         1,393,000             3,000
                                     Indicated                                13.0                3.5           13           0.10           454,000            5,584,000            13,000
                                     Inferred                                  2.3                2.8           14           0.09               63,000         1,003,000             2,000
                                     Total                                    18.0                3.3           14           0.10           597,000            7,980,000            18,000
Notes:
(a)     Black Butte is owned by North American-listed Company Sandﬁre Resources America Inc. (TSX-V: SFR). Sandﬁre Resources NL holds a 78.1% interest. The ﬁgures shown
        represent 100% of the Mineral Resource.
(b)     Mineral Resource is based on a 1.6% Cu cut-off for Johnny Lee Upper Zone and Lowry, 1.5% Cu cut-off for Johnny Lee Lower Zone.
(c)     Data is rounded to reﬂect appropriate precision in the estimate and differences may occur due to rounding.




                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional ASX Information
Thaduna and Green Dragon Project – Mineral Resource as at 31 December 2016
                                                                                      Tonnes             Copper                 Silver               Contained                   Contained
Deposit                              Resource Category                                  (Mt)                (%)                  (g/t)               Copper (t)                  Silver (oz)
Thaduna                              Measured                                              -                    -                     -                            -                      -
                                     Indicated                                           2.7                 2.2                    4.0                    59,000                  349,000
                                     Inferred                                            2.8                 2.1                    5.4                    60,000                  480,000
                                     Total                                               5.5                 2.2                    4.7                  119,000                   829,000
Green Dragon                         Measured                                              -                    -                     -                            -                      -
                                     Indicated                                           1.8                 1.3                    1.8                   23,000                   102,000
                                     Inferred                                            0.8                 1.0                    1.2                        8,000                31,000




                                                                                                                                                                                               Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
                                     Total                                               2.6                 1.2                    1.6                   32,000                   134,000
Total                                Measured                                              -                    -                     -                            -                      -
                                     Indicated                                           4.5                 1.8                    3.1                   82,000                   451,000
                                     Inferred                                            3.6                 1.9                    4.4                   68,000                   512,000
                                     Total                                               8.2                 1.8                    3.7                  150,000                   963,000
Notes:
(a)     Mineral Resources for both Thaduna and Green Dragon are based on a 0.5% Cu cut-off.
(b)     Data is rounded to reﬂect appropriate precision in the estimate and differences may occur due to rounding.




                                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Directory
                                                                                                        SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                         [21]
Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources (continued)

Temora Project – Mineral Resource as at 31 December 2016
                                                                                    Tonnes               Copper             Gold           Contained           Contained
Deposit                            Resource Category                                  (Mt)                  (%)             (g/t)          Copper (t)           Gold (oz)
Dam                                Measured                                                -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Indicated                                             25                 0.34            0.48               83,000            381,000
                                   Inferred                                              16                 0.24            0.30               37,000            151,000
                                   Total                                                 40                 0.30            0.41              121,000            532,000
Cullingerai                        Measured                                                -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Indicated                                               -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Inferred                                              24                 0.30            0.31               72,000            237,000
                                   Total                                                 24                 0.30            0.31               72,000            237,000
Estoril                            Measured                                                -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Indicated                                               -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Inferred                                              14                 0.21            0.35               30,000            160,000
                                   Total                                                 14                 0.21            0.35               30,000            160,000
Mandamah                           Measured                                                -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Indicated                                               -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Inferred                                              26                 0.34            0.38               89,000            314,000
                                   Total                                                 26                 0.34            0.38               89,000            314,000
Yiddah                             Measured                                                -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Indicated                                               -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Inferred                                             127                 0.32            0.14              410,000            574,000
                                   Total                                                127                 0.32            0.14              410,000            574,000
Gidginbung                         Measured                                                -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Indicated                                               -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Inferred                                             8.0                 0.09             1.5                7,000            391,000
                                   Total                                                8.0                 0.09             1.5                7,000            391,000
Total                              Measured                                                -                   -                -                    -                   -
                                   Indicated                                             25                 0.34            0.48               83,000            381,000
                                   Inferred                                             215                 0.30            0.26              645,000          1,827,000
                                   Total                                                240                 0.30            0.29              728,000          2,207,000
Notes:
(a)   Mineral Resources for Dam, Cullingerai, Estoril, Mandamah, Yiddah are based on a 0.3% CuEq cut-off which is calculated as CuEq = Cu % + Au g/t ((PAu * RecAu)/ (PCu *
      RecCu)) where Cu price = 3.53 AUD$/lb, Au price = 1,600 AUD$/oz, Cu recovery = 90% and Au recovery = 75%.
(b)   Mineral Resource for Gidginbung is based on a 1g/t Au cut-off.
(c)   Data is rounded to reﬂect appropriate precision in the estimate and differences may occur due to rounding.

Competent Person Statements
The information in this report that relates to ore reserves or mineral resources is based on information compiled by the Competent Persons listed in the table
below. All Competent Persons listed below have sufﬁcient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration
and to the activity which is undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as deﬁned in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration
Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. All Competent Persons consent to the inclusion in the report of their respective matters based on the
information in the form and context in which it appears.

Activity                  Competent Person          Professional Membership         SFR Relationship                   Responsible Activity
Mineral Resources         Callum Browne             MAusIMM                         Senior Resource Geologist          DeGrussa and Monty Mineral Resource
                                                                                                                       Estimates
                          Ekow Taylor               MAusIMM                         Former SFR Senior                  Thaduna/Green Dragon Mineral Resource
                                                                                    Resource Geologist                 Estimate
                          Michael Lechner           AIPG/CPG                        Independent Consultant             Black Butte Mineral Resource Estimates
                          Ross Corben               FAusIMM                         Independent Consultant             Temora Project Mineral Resource Estimates
Ore Reserves              Neil Hastings             MAusIMM(CP)                     Principal Mining Engineer          DeGrussa and Monty Ore Reserve Estimates




[22]       SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                              About Sandﬁre
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      FINANCIAL REPORT
The Directors present their report on the consolidated entity (referred to as the Group) consisting of the Parent entity, Sandﬁre
      For the year ended 30 June 2018
Resources NL (Sandﬁre or the Company), and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2014 (the
reporting period) and the auditor’s report thereon.


1        DIRECTORS
The names and details of the Company’s Directors in ofﬁce during the ﬁnancial year and until the date of this report are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                              2018 Snapshot
Name  CONTENTS                                    Period of Directorship

Mr Derek La Ferla                                 Appointed 17 May 2010
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Independent Non-Executive Chairman                                                                                                          23
     C OM NSimich
Mr Karl      S O L I D A T E D I N C O M E SAppointed
                                               T A T E MDirector
                                                           E N T27 September 2007                                                           56
Managing Director & Chief Executive Ofﬁcer    Managing Director and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer since 1 July 2009
     C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T O F O T H E R C O M P R E H E N S I V E I N C O M E                                             57
Mr W John Evans
     C O N S O L I D A T E D B A L A N C E Appointed
Executive Technical Director
                                               S H E E Non-Executive
                                                         T             Director 1 January 2013
                                              Previously Executive Technical Director from 2 October 2007 to 1 January 2013
                                                                                                                                            58
     C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T O F C H A N G E S I N E Q U I T Y                                                               59
     C O NN Scott
Mr Robert    S O L I D A T E D S T A T E M E NAppointed
                                               T O F 30C July
                                                            A S 2010
                                                                 H FLOWS                                                                    60
Independent Non-Executive Director




                                                                                                                                                              Chairman’s Message
     N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S                                                         61
Mr Soocheol Shin                              Appointed 28 February 2012
     D  IRECT
Non-Executive      O R S ’ D E C L A R AT I O N
              Director                                                                                                                      92
     I NHallam
Mr Paul   D E P E N D E N T A U D I T O R ’ SAppointed
                                                R E P O21RMay
                                                            T 2013                                                                          93
Independent Non-Executive Director


The qualiﬁcations, experience, other directorships and special responsibilities of the Directors in ofﬁce at the date of this report are:

Derek La Ferla                                    Independent Non-Executive Chairman

Qualiﬁcations                                     B. Arts, B.Juris, B.Law, Fellow of AICD




                                                                                                                                                              MD Report & Review of Ops
Experience                                        Mr La Ferla has been a corporate lawyer for over 25 years and is a partner with international law
                                                  ﬁrm, Norton Rose Fulbright. He is the National team leader for the ﬁrm’s Corporate Advisory
                                                  Group (which includes mining and resources) and the National leader of the Infrastructure, Mining
                                                  and Commodities Industry Headlight Group. Mr La Ferla also has considerable experience as a
                                                  company director and is the chairman of Cashmere Iron Limited and OTOC Limited. He has also
                                                  previously served on the Norton Rose Australia national board (while the ﬁrm was Deacons) and
                                                  listed investment company, Katana Capital Limited. He is a fellow of the Australian Institute of
                                                  Company Directors.

Other current listed company directorships        Other current listed company directorships

Special responsibilities                          Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                                                  Member of the Audit and Risk Committee.

Karl M Simich                                     Managing Director and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

Qualiﬁcations                                     B.Comm, FCA, F.Fin




                                                                                                                                                              Board and Management
Experience                                        Mr Simich is an experienced international mining executive who has been involved in the ﬁnancing,
                                                  construction, development and operation of ﬁve mining projects in New Zealand, Australia and Afri-
                                                  ca. Specialising in resource ﬁnance and corporate management, Mr Simich has been a director of
                                                  and held senior positions with a number of ASX-listed mining companies. Mr Simich is a Fellow of
                                                  the Institute of Chartered Accountants and a Fellow of the Financial Services Institute of Australasia
                                                  and has completed post-graduate studies in business and ﬁnance.

W John Evans                                      Non-Executive Director

Qualiﬁcations                                     W John EvansNon-Executive Director

Experience                                        Mr Evans graduated from the University of Auckland New Zealand in 1970 with B.Sc Major in
                                                  geology. Between 1970 and 1987, he was employed by various divisions of CRA Limited, including
                                                  being in charge of all ﬁeld operations for iron ore in the Pilbara, Western Australia and gold and
                                                  base metals in the Murchison, Western Australia. He was the Managing Director of Marymia Ex-
                                                  ploration NL for 12 years until 2002 and has been a geological consultant to numerous companies
                                                  during and since.




                                                                                                                                                              Governance

                                                                                        SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                          [22]
Directors’ Report

The Directors present their report on the consolidated entity (referred to as the Group) consisting of the Parent entity, Sandﬁre Resources NL (Sandﬁre or the
Company), and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2018 (the reporting period) and the auditor’s report thereon.

Directors
The names and details of the Company’s Directors in ofﬁce during the ﬁnancial year and until the date of this report are set out below. Directors were in
ofﬁce for this entire period unless otherwise noted.

Name                                                         Period of Directorship
Mr Derek La Ferla                                            Appointed 17 May 2010
Independent Non-Executive Chairman
Mr Karl Simich                                               Appointed Director 27 September 2007
Managing Director & Chief Executive Ofﬁcer                   Managing Director and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer since 1 July 2009
Mr Robert Scott                                              Appointed 30 July 2010
Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr Paul Hallam                                               Appointed 21 May 2013
Independent Non-Executive Director
Ms Maree Arnason                                             Appointed 18 December 2015
Independent Non-Executive Director
Dr Roric Smith                                               Appointed 31 December 2016
Independent Non-Executive Director

The qualiﬁcations, experience, other directorships and special responsibilities of the Directors in ofﬁce at the date of this report are detailed below:

Derek La Ferla, age 59                                       Independent Non-Executive Chairman
Qualiﬁcations                                                B.Arts, B.Juris, B.Law, Fellow of AICD
Experience                                                   Mr La Ferla is a corporate lawyer and company director with more than 30 years’ experience.
                                                             He has held senior positions with some of Australia’s leading law ﬁrms and a variety of board
                                                             positions with listed public companies and not for proﬁt organisations. Mr La Ferla is currently
                                                             a Partner (on a part time basis) with Western Australian ﬁrm, Lavan and is Chairman of Veris
                                                             Limited (previously called OTOC Limited) and Threat Protect Australia Limited. He is also a Non-
                                                             Executive Director of Goldﬁelds Money Limited. Mr La Ferla is a fellow of the Australian Institute
                                                             of Company Directors and a member of the AICD Council (WA Division).
Other current listed company directorships                   Non-Executive Director of Goldﬁelds Money Limited (since November 2015).
                                                             Non-Executive Chairman of Threat Protect Australia Limited (since September 2015).
                                                             Non-Executive Chairman of Veris Limited (since October 2011).
Special responsibilities                                     Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                                                             Member of the Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                             Member of the Sustainability Committee.
Karl Simich, age 54                                          Managing Director and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
Qualiﬁcations                                                B.Com, FCA, F.Fin
Experience                                                   Mr Simich is an experienced international mining executive who has been involved in the
                                                             ﬁnancing, construction, development and operation of various mining projects in New Zealand,
                                                             Australia and Africa. Specialising in resource ﬁnance and corporate management, Mr Simich has
                                                             been a director of and held senior positions with a number of ASX-listed mining companies. Mr
                                                             Simich is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants and a Fellow of the Financial Services
                                                             Institute of Australasia and has completed post-graduate studies in business and ﬁnance.




[23]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                     Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Directors (continued)
Robert Scott, age 71                                      Independent Non-Executive Director
Qualiﬁcations                                             FCA
Experience                                                Mr Scott is a Chartered Accountant and former international partner with major global accounting




                                                                                                                                                                     Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                                          ﬁrms with over 35 years’ experience in corporate structuring and taxation planning. He has served
                                                          as a Chairman and as non-executive director with various publicly listed resource companies with
                                                          operational experience in Australia, USA and Asia and has a strong focus on project governance,
                                                          audit and risk management.
                                                          Mr Scott holds a Fellowship of the Australian Institute of Chartered Accountants and the Taxation
                                                          Institute of Australia and is a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Mr Scott
                                                          has served as the Chairman of Homeloans Ltd and as a Non-executive Director of RTG Mining Inc.
Other current listed company directorships                Non-Executive Director of Homeloans Ltd (since November 2000; Non-Executive Chairman from
                                                          November 2014 to November 2017).
                                                          Non-Executive Director of RTG Mining Inc (since March 2013).
Former listed company directorships in last three years   Non-Executive Director of Lonestar Resources Ltd (October 1996 to June 2016).
Special responsibilities                                  Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                          Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
Paul Hallam, age 63                                       Independent Non-Executive Director
Qualiﬁcations                                             BE (Hons) Mining, FAICD, FAusIMM




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report
Experience                                                Mr Hallam has more than 40 years Australian and international resource industry experience. His
                                                          operating and corporate experience is across a range of commodities (iron ore, bauxite, alumina,
                                                          aluminium, gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead) and includes both surface and underground
                                                          mining. Mr Hallam retired in 2011 to pursue a career as a professional non-executive director. He
                                                          has held Australian and international non-executive director roles since 1997.
                                                          His former executive roles include Director – Operations with Fortescue Metals Group, Executive
                                                          General Manager – Development & Projects with Newcrest Mining Limited, Director - Victorian
                                                          Operations with Alcoa and Executive General Manager - Base and Precious Metals with North
                                                          Ltd. In these and previous roles Mr Hallam has held site and corporate accountability for all site
                                                          functions plus sales and marketing, stakeholder management, capital projects and regulatory
                                                          oversite and management for multiple mining operations.




                                                                                                                                                                     Additional ASX Information
                                                          Mr Hallam is a qualiﬁed mining engineer and holds a BE (Hons) from Melbourne University and a
                                                          Certiﬁcate of Mineral Economics from Curtin University. He is a Fellow of the Australian Institute
                                                          of Company Directors and the Australasian Institute of Mining & Metallurgy.
Other current listed company directorships                Non-Executive Director of Gindalbie Metals Ltd (since December 2011).
Former listed company directorships in last three years   Non-Executive Director of Altona Mining Ltd (March 2013 to April 2018).
Special responsibilities                                  Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                                                          Member of the Audit and Risk Committee.
Maree Arnason, age 53                                     Independent Non-Executive Director
Qualiﬁcations                                             B.Arts, GAICD
Experience                                                Ms Arnason is an experienced director and senior executive whose career has spanned 30 years in




                                                                                                                                                                     Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
                                                          the resources, energy and manufacturing sectors with companies including BHP, Carter Holt Harvey
                                                          and Wesfarmers and has signiﬁcant leadership expertise working in complex corporate and project
                                                          environments with a focus on risk and reputation.
                                                          Ms Arnason is a Non-Executive Director of ASX-listed mineral sands producer MZI Resources, a
                                                          Co-Founder/Director of Energy Access Services, who operate an automated and independent Western
                                                          Australian-focused wholesale gas trading platform and a member of the Australian Securities and
                                                          Investments Commission (ASIC) Director Advisory Panel. An active not-for-proﬁt contributor for 25 years,
                                                          Ms Arnason serves on CEDA’s (Committee for Economic Development of Australia) WA State Advisory
                                                          Council, the Juniper Board - one of WA’s largest aged care community beneﬁt organisations and is a life
                                                          member and past National Director of the Australia China Business Council.
Other current listed company directorships                Non-Executive Director of MZI Resources Limited (since May 2015).
Special responsibilities                                  Chair of the Sustainability Committee.
                                                          Member of the Audit and Risk Committee.




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Directory
                                                                                        SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                             [24]
Directors’ Report

Directors (continued)
Roric Smith, age 56                                         Independent Non-Executive Director
Qualiﬁcations                                               B.Sc (Hons) Geology, Ph.D Geology
Experience                                                  Dr Smith is a highly experienced geologist with extensive Australian and international experience
                                                            and is currently a Non-Executive Director of Saracen Mineral Holdings Limited. Until June 2016,
                                                            Dr Smith was Vice President, Discovery and Chief Geologist for Evolution, where he played a
                                                            key role in leading that company’s exploration efforts. Prior to joining Evolution, Dr Smith held
                                                            numerous senior executive positions with the gold producer AngloGold Ashanti, including as Senior
                                                            Vice President, Global Greenﬁeld Exploration; Country Manager and Chief Representative China;
                                                            Exploration Manager - North Asia Region; and Chief Geologist Australia. Dr Smith holds a B.Sc
                                                            (Hons) Geology and Ph.D from the University of Natal in South Africa.
Other current listed company directorships                  Non-Executive Director of Saracen Mineral Holdings Limited (since July 2018).
Special responsibilities                                    Member of the Sustainability Committee.

Interests in the shares and options of the Company and related bodies corporate
As at the date of this report, the interests of the Directors in the shares and options of Sandﬁre Resources NL were:

                             Number of ordinary shares
Derek La Ferla                                   21,668
Karl Simich                                   4,894,679
Robert Scott                                       5,000
Paul Hallam                                            -
Maree Arnason                                          -
Roric Smith                                            -

As at the date of this report, there were no options over unissued ordinary shares in the Company.

Company Secretary
Matthew Fitzgerald                                          Joint Company Secretary and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
Qualiﬁcations                                               B.Com, CA
Experience                                                  Mr Fitzgerald was appointed to the position of Company Secretary on 22 February 2010. Mr
                                                            Fitzgerald is a Chartered Accountant with extensive experience in the resources industry. He
                                                            began his career in the Assurance and Advisory division of KPMG, before joining ASX-listed
                                                            Kimberley Diamond Company NL in 2003, where he held the position of Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and
                                                            Director until July 2008. Mr Fitzgerald also holds the position of Non-Executive Chairman of the
                                                            Company’s subsidiary Sandﬁre Resources America Inc. (formerly Tintina Resources Inc.).
Robert Klug                                                 Joint Company Secretary and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer
Qualiﬁcations                                               B.Com, LLB
Experience                                                  Mr Klug is an experienced commercial manager having held accounting, senior legal, corporate
                                                            ﬁnance and executive management roles in his 25 plus year career. Initially trained as an auditor
                                                            at KPMG, Mr Klug completed a law degree at Murdoch University and worked as a corporate lawyer
                                                            in London before joining Freehills in Perth advising small and mid-cap resources companies. As a
                                                            Director of Carmichael Capital Markets, the corporate ﬁnance arm of DJ Carmichael Stockbrokers,
                                                            Mr Klug developed his expertise in corporate ﬁnance before moving to senior management roles
                                                            within ASX listed resource companies including St Barbara Limited and Heron Resources Limited.
                                                            Since joining Sandﬁre in 2012, Mr Klug has overseen all legal and commercial aspects of the
                                                            business with speciﬁc responsibilities related to sales, marketing and ESG.




[25]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Directors’ meetings
The number of meetings of Directors (including meetings of Committees of Directors) held during the year and the number of meetings attended by each
Director are detailed below:

                                                                                                           Meetings of Committees




                                                                                                                                                                                 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                         Board                                Audit and                       Remuneration and
                                        Meetings                                Risk                             Nomination                          Sustainability
                                    A                B                    A                B                   A                  B              A                    B
Derek La Ferla                      7                7                    4                4                   4                  4              6                    6
Karl Simich                         7                7                    -                -                   -                  -              -                    -
Robert Scott                        7                7                    4                4                   4                  4              -                    -
Paul Hallam                         7                7                    4                4                   4                  4              -                    -
Maree Arnason                       7                7                    4                4                   -                  -              6                    6
Roric Smith                         7                7                    -                -                   -                  -              5                    6

A    Number of meetings attended.
B    Number of meetings held during the time the Director held ofﬁce or was a member of the relevant committee during the year.

Committee membership




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
As at the date of this report, the Board has an Audit and Risk Committee, a Remuneration and Nomination Committee and a Sustainability Committee.
Members acting on the committees of the Board during the year are set out below. Directors were a member of the committee for the entire period unless
otherwise noted.

Audit and Risk                                  Remuneration and Nomination                     Sustainability
Robert Scott - Chairman                         Paul Hallam - Chairman                          Maree Arnason – Chair
Derek La Ferla                                  Derek La Ferla                                  Derek La Ferla
Paul Hallam                                     Robert Scott                                    Roric Smith
Maree Arnason




                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional ASX Information
Dividends
Since the end of the ﬁnancial year, the Board of Directors has resolved to pay a fully franked dividend of 19 cents per share, to be paid on 25 September
2018. The record date for entitlement to this dividend is 11 September 2018. The ﬁnancial impact of this dividend amounting to $30,252,000 has not been
recognised in the Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June 2018 and will be recognised in subsequent Financial Statements.

The details in relation to dividends announced or paid since 1 July 2016, other than as above, are set out below:

                                                                                               Amount per share               Franked amount              Total dividends
Record date                  Date of payment              Period                                        (cents)              per share (cents)                       $000
5 March 2018                 20 March 2018                2018 FY Interim                                          8                        8                     12,638
12 September 2017            26 September 2017            2017 FY Final                                        13                          13                     20,537
7 March 2017                 21 March 2017                2017 FY Interim                                          5                        5                         7,887




                                                                                                                                                                                 Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
12 September 2016            26 September 2016            2016 FY Final                                            9                        9                     14,191

Principal activities
The principal activities during the year of the consolidated Group were:
    • Production and sale of copper, gold and silver from the Group’s DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine in Western Australia;
    • Development of Sandﬁre Resources America Inc.’s high-grade Black Butte Copper Project; and
    • Exploration, evaluation and development of mineral tenements and projects in Australia and overseas, including investment in early stage mineral
      exploration companies.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Directory
                                                                                                  SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                   [26]
Directors’ Report

Operational and ﬁnancial review
Degrussa Copper Project, Western Australia (100%)
The DeGrussa Copper Project is located within Sandﬁre’s
100%-owned Doolgunna Project, a 400 square kilometre tenement
package in Western Australia’s Bryah Basin mineral province,
approximately 900km north-east of Perth.
The Project is located within an established mining district,
approximately 150km north of the regional mining hub of
Meekatharra, and includes the DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine
(see Figure 1).


DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine
Overview
Production for the 12 months to 30 June 2018 was 64,918
tonnes of contained copper and 39,273 ounces of contained
gold, both in line with production guidance ranges. A summary
of copper and gold production and sales for the year is
provided below:                                                                       Figure 1: Map of Australia displaying the location of the DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine.



                                                                                                         Grade                Grade            Contained            Contained
FY 2018 Production Statistics                                                          Tonnes           (% Cu)              (g/t Au)           Copper (t)            Gold (oz)
Concentrator                          Mined                                        1,665,860                 4.3                  1.6             70,717               83,782
                                      Milled                                       1,641,244                 4.3                  1.7             71,012               87,891
                                      Production                                     268,093               24.2                   4.6             64,918               39,273
                                      Concentrate sales                              260,765               24.1                   4.6             62,918               38,510
Note: Mining and production statistics are rounded to the nearest 0.1% Cu grade and 0.1 g/t Au grade. Errors may occur due to rounding.

Underground Mining
Production was sourced from all lenses at DeGrussa throughout the reporting period, with the mine remaining in balance between production and
back-ﬁll.

Processing
Mill throughput rates for the year were in line with budget.
Copper recovery during the ﬁrst half of the year was impacted by elevated talc levels in the ore feed from the C1 deposit. Talc will ﬂoat naturally
and downgrades concentrate grade. To offset the impact to grade, fewer composite particles are accepted to the concentrate stream, resulting in a
reduction in recovery.
The successful commissioning of the rougher column cell early in the reporting period delivered a positive uplift in copper recovery in line with
expectations, with a ~1.4% improvement (based on comparable Cu:S ratio for ore and averaging talc levels).

Production Guidance
FY2019 targeted copper production is expected to be within the range of 63,000-67,000 tonnes of contained copper metal with gold production
within the range of 37,000-40,000 ounces.

Sales & Marketing
A total of 260,765 tonnes of concentrate was sold for the year containing 62,918 tonnes of copper and 38,510 ounces of gold. 25 shipments were
completed from both Port Hedland and Geraldton during the year.

DeGrussa Solar Facility
The solar farm has been actively producing into the DeGrussa electrical network throughout the reporting period, providing 17.2% of the overall
power usage for FY2018.

DeGrussa Oxide Copper Project
Following the completion of initial test work, a heap leach ﬂowsheet was conﬁrmed as the most cost effective processing option. Column test
work has returned encouraging results to support ongoing work focused on the use of glycine in the processing route. These tests were devised to
reproduce a heap leach environment.
Composites created from RC drilling were placed under leaching conditions (glycine and acid), with the ﬁrst of series of columns terminated in June
2018 and the residues sent to ALS Laboratories for QEMSCAN analysis.
Site-based ore sorting is currently being tested, with induction and X-ray sorting technologies tested. Samples of ore and waste have been sent to
Nagrom and a sorting program to distinguish high-density (copper-bearing) rocks has been created. Final testing is planned to be completed during
the September 2018 Quarter.


[27]       SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                          Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Operational and ﬁnancial review (continued)
Development Projects
Springﬁeld Mining Joint Venture - Monty Copper-Gold Mine
The Monty Copper-Gold Mine, located 10km east of the DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine, is being developed under a Joint Venture agreement (Springﬁeld Mining




                                                                                                                                                          Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Joint Venture) and comprises participating interests of Sandﬁre (Manager – 70%) and Talisman Mining Ltd (ASX: TLM; “Talisman”) (30%).

Strong progress was achieved on development of the satellite Monty Copper-Gold Mine during the year, with on-site construction activities
progressed and all pre-production surface and underground infrastructure installed and in-use.
The underground mining contractor, Byrnecut Australia Pty Ltd, continues to progress Monty development and, at the end of the reporting period,
the underground decline had advanced to 1,013 metres, compared to a corresponding feasibility study budget of 1,163 metres (13% under budget).
Total development advance was 2,163 metres as at 30 June 2018, compared to the Feasibility Study schedule of 2,508 metres.
Development advance was slowed during the June 2018 quarter as remedial ground support activities were undertaken on areas where poorer
ground was intersected and pumping capacity was installed to cater for expected water inﬂows. The key critical activity in the September 2018
quarter will be the development of the Diamond Drill Platform off the Return Airway as part of the broader grade control program in setting up for
stoping.
First ore production remains on schedule for late December 2018, with initial stope production planned to commence during the March 2019 quarter.
In June 2018, Sandﬁre announced that it had reached an in-principle agreement with Talisman to acquire Talisman’s 30% interest in the Springﬁeld
Mining Joint Venture. Refer to the Corporate section of the Operating and Financial Review on page 32 for further details.




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report
Black Butte Copper Project, Montana, USA (Sandﬁre: 78%)
Sandﬁre holds a 78% interest, via North American-listed company Sandﬁre Resources America Inc. (formerly Tintina Resources Inc.) (SFR.V: SFR) in the
premier, high-grade Black Butte Copper Project (Project), located in central Montana in the United States.

The Project, which is being permitted by Tintina Montana Inc. (Tintina), a 100%-owned subsidiary of Sandﬁre America, is located close to existing
road, power and rail infrastructure, with the ability to access a residential workforce located nearby and competitive sources of materials and
power. Located on private ranch land, the Project copper resource consists of three ﬂat-lying sedimentary hosted copper deposits which have been
extensively drilled by Tintina (over 53,000m of diamond drilling).
An Updated Technical Report and Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA) completed by Tintina in July 2013 was based on reported NI 43-101
Measured and Indicated Resources totaling 15.7Mt grading 3.4% Cu, 0.1% Co and 14g/t Ag for 533,600t of contained copper and Inferred
Resources totaling 2.3Mt grading 2.8% Cu, 0.09% Co and 14g/t Ag for 63,500t of contained copper (calculated using a 1.6% copper cut-off grade)
for the Johnny Lee Upper Zone and Lowry deposits, and a 1.5% Cu cut-off for the Johnny Lee Lower Zone. This makes the Project one of the top-10




                                                                                                                                                          Additional ASX Information
undeveloped copper projects worldwide by grade.
The PEA conﬁrmed that the deposit has the potential to underpin a robust underground mining operation with forecast life-of-mine production of
~30,000tpa of copper-in-concentrate over a mine life of ~11 years, based on total mill throughput of 11.8 million tonnes at an average head grade
of 3.1% Cu.
The Group has previously announced a JORC compliant Mineral Resource for the Black Butte Copper Project of 18Mt at 3.3% Cu, 14g/t Ag, 0.10% Co
for 597,000t of copper, 7,980,000 of silver and 18,000t of cobalt. Refer to Sandﬁre’s ASX release, titled, ‘Sandﬁre Group JORC Mineral Resource and
Ore Reserve Statement’, dated 19 October 2017 for further details.

Permitting Progress
In September 2017, the Draft Operating Permit was received from the Montana Department of Environmental Quality (MT DEQ) Hard Rock Mining
Bureau, formally concluding the “Completeness & Compliance” review and marking the commencement of the Environmental Impact Statement
(EIS), the ﬁnal stage of permitting.




                                                                                                                                                          Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
Following receipt of the Draft Operating Permit, an independent third party contractor (Environmental Resources Management) was appointed to
produce an EIS. The Scoping Period for the EIS concluded on 16 November 2017, clearing the way for the EIS to proceed.
Preparation of the EIS under the supervision of the MT DEQ is progressing with a draft EIS potentially available for public comment in the second
Quarter of the 2019 ﬁnancial year.
In addition to the EIS, Sandﬁre America is required to obtain a number of ancillary permits which will be incorporated into the Final EIS. To date,
Sandﬁre America has received a 301 Permit for stream crossings from the Meagher County Conservation District, a 318 and 401 permit, and a
Storm Water Pollution Plan Prevention permits from the MT DEQ. A 404 wetlands permit – the only federal permit required for the project – was
received from the United States Army Corp of Engineers. The draft Air Permit was issued by MT DEQ in June 2018.




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Directory
                                                                                      SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                        [28]
Directors’ Report

Operational and ﬁnancial review (continued)
Once completed, the EIS will result in a Final Record of Decision (ROD), allowing construction and development of the underground mine to
commence.
The Montana Public Service Commission has approved an agreement between Fergus Electric Cooperative and NorthWestern Energy to provide
power to the Project. Fergus Electric will construct a new 100-kV transmission line and sub-station, which will draw from an existing NorthWestern
transmission facility. Under the terms of the agreement, Sandﬁre America will be responsible for the total cost of construction of the new power
transmission line.

Bankable Feasibility Study (BFS)
Preparations are well advanced for the Project’s BFS. In addition to the metallurgical work discussed below, Sandﬁre America has contracted SRK
Consulting to complete a review of the structural geology of the Project. This review will feed in to the initial underground design work. Other work
packages required for the BFS are being prepared for tender.

Metallurgical Drilling and Test Work
The drilling program undertaken during 2018 has focused on recovering mineralised samples for further metallurgical test work, and to inform the
geological model. The drilling focused on the Upper Copper Zone of the Johnny Lee deposit (16 holes), with two additional holes being drilled in the
Lower Copper Zone of the Johnny Lee deposit.
A total of 2,011 kilograms of mineralised core has been prepared for metallurgical testing at Base Metallurgical Laboratories (BML) in Kamloops,
British Columbia. The results of this test work will support the design of the proposed process ﬂow sheet for the processing plant which is an
integral component of the BFS.
An additional three diamond drill holes were completed outside the known mineralised zones to investigate areas of planned future facilities.

Doolgunna Exploration, Western Australia (WA)
Sandﬁre’s tenement holding in the Greater Doolgunna region provides an aggregate contiguous exploration area of 6,588km2 (see Figure 2). This
includes over 90km of strike extent in host VMS lithologies. Much of this stratigraphy is obscured beneath transported cover and requires systematic
aircore (AC) drilling to test the bedrock geochemistry and identify prospective areas.




                                                 Figure 2: Sandﬁre tenement holding in the Greater Doolgunna area.

Key components of the Company’s exploration activity at Doolgunna during the ﬁnancial year included:
   • Completion of ﬁrst pass drilling programs at the new Morck Well East Project, with three Air Core (AC) holes intersecting visible copper mineralisation,
     including native copper, chalcocite, chalcopyrite and pyrite.
   • Reverse Circulation (RC) and Diamond Hole (DDH) drilling at the Enterprise Project to test stratigraphy along-strike to the north-east of mineralisation
     intersected in AC drilling in the Morck Well project area.
   • Completion of a major drilling program at the Enterprise Project, including AC drilling targeted at the prospective maﬁc-sedimentary horizons
     through the Mount Leak, White Well and Ruby Well prospect areas, and RC drilling within the Ruby Well and White Well prospects to test a number of
     anomalies identiﬁed by an aeromagnetic survey completed in 2017.



[29]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                   Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Operational and ﬁnancial review (continued)
    • RC and DDH drilling within the Homestead, Vulcan and Vulcan West Prospect areas to test the potentially prospective sediment horizons in the
      stratigraphy interpreted in these areas and geochemical anomalism identiﬁed in AC drilling.
    • AC drilling targeting the narrow sediment packages in the Homer prospect area and to in-ﬁll previous AC drilling within the Southern Volcanics area,
      which form part of the Springﬁeld Exploration Joint Venture with Talisman.




                                                                                                                                                                   Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
    • Completion of RC drilling and a deep diamond drill hole along strike from the Monty Copper-Gold Deposit to conﬁrm the current interpretation of the
      Monty host horizon and test down-dip of anomalous geochemistry and minor sulphide intersections.
    • The completion of an Airborne Versatile Electromagnetic (VTEM) survey over the West Bryah, Enterprise and Yerrida blocks.
    • The commencement of diamond drilling at the Ned’s Creek Project.

Following is a summary of drilling (in metres) completed during the 2017 Financial Year.
                                                            AC/RAB                  RC           UG Diamond         Surface Diamond                      Total
Project                                                     Drilling          Drilling               Drilling                Drilling                 Drilling
Doolgunna (SFR 100%)                                          3,434           * 8,781                 11,028                    6,536                 29,779
Ned’s Creek (SFR 100%)                                             -              559                        -                     28                     587
Springﬁeld JV (SFR 70%)                                     10,769              3,299                        -                  3,520                 17,588
Enterprise JV (Earn-in)                                    177,231              8,803                        -                  2,219                188,253
Auris JV (Earn-in)                                          18,041              1,344                        -                    882                 20,267
TOTAL FY2018                                               209,475            22,786                  11,028                  13,185                 256,474




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
*    Includes 1,034 metres of Environmental and Metallurgical drilling.

Morck Well East Project
Sandﬁre entered into a farm-in agreement with Auris Minerals Limited (“Auris”; ASX: AUR) for the Morck Well East JV Project, located 22km south-west from
DeGrussa, in February 2018. Sandﬁre can earn up to a 70% interest in ﬁve exploration tenements in the eastern portion of the Bryah Basin.
Extensive Programs of AC, RC and DDH were completed at the Morck Well JV project during the ﬁnancial year. AC drilling in the far north-east of the Morck
Well JV area returned narrow zones of supergene and fresh massive sulphide mineralisation, with signiﬁcant results including:
    • MWAC0109 11m at 3.5% Cu from 73m including 3m at 9.5% Cu from 81m;
    • MWAC0111 6m at 1.3% Cu from 112m including 1m at 4.5% Cu from 113m; and
    • MWAC0112 9m at 2.3% Cu from 146m including 3m at 5.7% Cu from 149m.




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional ASX Information
While the high-grade intersections returned from these AC holes are narrow, the overall tenor and grade of the mineralisation encountered is encouraging and
supports continued exploration along this corridor. All intercept lengths are down hole and true widths are not known.
Three deep RC holes were drilled to follow-up the positive AC intercepts. MWRC0001 was designed to intersect a deeper, down-dip extension of signiﬁcant
mineralisation observed in AC drill holes MWAC0109, MWAC0111 and MWAC0112.
MWRC0001 intersected a narrow, one metre interval of minor to moderate pyrite and chalcopyrite and multiple thin horizons of strongly chlorite altered
sediments and magnetite-rich exhalite material with minor pyrite and chalcopyrite.
MWRC0002 and MWRC0003 were drilled along strike to the south-west and north-east of MWRC0001 respectively. Both drill holes were targeting deep
intersections of the sediment horizon hosting mineralisation in MWAC0109, MWAC0111 and MWAC0112. MWRC0002 intersected the host sediment horizon
(MWRC0003 was collared in the Auris tenement and traversed the tenement boundary and drilled into the Enterprise Metals Ltd tenement from 55m
downhole). No signiﬁcant mineralisation was observed.
DDH drilling comprised one hole. MWDD0001 was completed to an end of hole depth of 686.2m and targeted a down-dip extension of mineralisation




                                                                                                                                                                   Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
intersected in shallower AC drilling (MWAC0109, MWAC0111, MWAC0112). MWDD0001 intersected a narrow mineralised zone of semi-massive pyrite
with minor remobilised chalcopyrite approximately 60m down-dip of massive sulphide mineralisation intersected in MWAC0112. This intersection was
approximately 170m up-dip of the narrow, one metre intersection of pyrite and minor chalcopyrite intersected below in MWRC0001. See Auris Minerals Ltd’s
ASX announcement, titled ‘Morck Well JV Update’, dated 20 July 2018.
The intersection of massive sulphide mineralisation in the Karalundi Formation has re-enforced the interpretation that the prospective sequence continues
into the Morck Well JV Project area. The mineralisation is present within a similar stratigraphic unit to that seen at DeGrussa and Monty. Down Hole
Electromagnetic Surveying has been completed on all RC and DDH drilling. No signiﬁcant responses of mineralisation were identiﬁed in surveying of these
drill holes.
Although no mineralisation of economic potential has been identiﬁed to date, the intersection of massive sulphides in shallow AC drilling highlights the
potential for the Karalundi trend from Homestead, through Vulcan West and moving south-west through the Morck Well Project. Geological interpretation is
an ongoing process and will be incorporated with incoming assays, and geophysical datasets to continue to generate a robust interpretation to be used for
further targeting. Deep RC drilling is planned to continue to test deep intersections of the host sediment horizon moving southwest from MWRC0002. Three
drill holes are currently planned on 400m line spacing and will provide deep DHEM platforms as well as assist in reﬁning of the geological interpretation.
A large, signiﬁcant Moving Loop Electromagnetic (MLEM) surveying programme is planned to test the prospective Karalundi Formation throughout the Morck
Well Project. This programme is expected to commence and continue throughout the September 2018 Quarter.




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Directory
Regional aircore drilling will continue to target the Karalundi formation throughout the Morck Well Project with the aim of providing high quality geochemistry,
assisting with detailed geological interpretation and identifying any further shallow intersections of mineralisation. This programme is expected to continue
throughout the September Quarter on a 400m x100m line and hole spacing.


                                                                                         SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                           [30]
Directors’ Report

Operational and ﬁnancial review (continued)
Enterprise Project
Sandﬁre entered into a Farm-in Agreement with Enterprise Metals Limited (“Enterprise”; ASX: ENT) in October 2016 to earn up to a 75% interest in Enterprise’s
Doolgunna Project, which adjoins Sandﬁre’s Doolgunna tenements to the south. The Enterprise tenements cover over 60km of strike of the southern boundary of
the Bryah Basin and the northern part of the Yerrida Basin. The southern Bryah Basin contains the Narracoota/Karalundi Formations which host the DeGrussa
and Monty copper-gold deposits. The Company considers that the Enterprise tenements offer the potential for new copper-gold discoveries.
DDH, RC and AC drilling was conducted at the Enterprise Project throughout the year.
Drilling at the Vulcan and Vulcan West prospects has highlighted the complexity of the area. The prospective horizon within these prospects likely contains
multiple horizons with VMS potential at differing stratigraphic levels.
DDH and RC holes were completed within the Homestead – Vulcan - Vulcan West area focused on tracking and deﬁning the prospective Karalundi sediments
from Homestead through to Vulcan West and providing downhole EM platforms within the most prospective areas. This particular trend has shown abundant
evidence of a fertile VMS system, with prospectivity generally increasing to the south-west.
AC drilling was completed at the Mount Leake, White Well, and Ruby Well prospects and additional inﬁll AC drilling occurred in the Vulcan West prospect
providing greater coverage over the prospective host horizon. Select RC follow up drilling will occur where AC penetration was poor and where anomalous
geochemical results are returned from AC drilling.
Ned’s Creek Project (including Thaduna)
DDH drilling commenced at the Ned’s Creek Project during the June 2018 Quarter, with the program designed to test a strong geophysical conductor identiﬁed
through the inversion of VTEM data over Ned’s Creek. The hole was ongoing at the end of the reporting period.
Yerrida North Project
Sandﬁre commenced a VTEM geophysical survey that included the Yerrida North JV area during the June 2018 Quarter. The survey has been ﬂown at 200m
line spacing and will cover a large portion of the Yerrida North JV area. The survey has successfully mapped highly variable conductive terrain, and will aid in
exploration within the Yerrida North JV project, where Sandﬁre is targeting VMS mineralisation similar to DeGrussa.

Australian Exploration
Sandﬁre has a number of exploration projects and joint
ventures around Australia including the Temora, Marsden South
and Wingrunner Projects in New South Wales (NSW); the Breena
Plains, Wilgunya and Altia Projects in Queensland (QLD); and
the Borroloola Project in the Northern Territory (NT).
Details of these projects can be found on Company’s website
www.sandﬁre.com.au and the Company’s June 2018 Quarterly
Report ASX announcement, dated 27 July 2018.
NSW – Temora Exploration
Drilling at the Temora Project comprised DDH and AC drilling
targeting a number of prospects in the northern Mandamah
alteration zone.
At the Donnington prospect, follow-up holes were targeted at
extensions to the existing mineralisation. Signiﬁcant copper
mineralisation associated with intense porphyry-style quartz-
magnetite-chalcopyrite sheeted veining was intersected in two of
the holes, TMMRD017 and TMMRD019, however no improvement
in grade has been encountered. Indications are that the higher
grade portion of the system is now likely to be deeper beneath the                       Figure 3: Location map of Sandﬁre’s Australian Exploration Projects.
intersected mineralisation.
Drill testing has also been completed at Horsetail, Punch North and
Lawrence South prospects with no signiﬁcant mineralisation intersected in TMMRD020, TMMRD021 and TMMRD024.
Two holes, TMMRD022 and TMMRD023, were completed at the Mandamah deposit to better understand the structure and mineralised core to the system and
test for a north-western extension. Strong vein-hosted and disseminated mineralisation was encountered in TMMRD022, with clear structures offsetting the
high-grade mineralisation. The rocks are highly fractured, which is attributed to both faulting and gypsum being leached from initial anhydrite veining in the
upper portion of the deposit. Results have included: 165m @ 0.51% Cu and 0.37 g/t Au from 168m, including 56m @ 0.8% Cu and 0.54 g/t Au from 218m.
Ground gravity and drone magnetics geophysical surveys are being completed at the Temora and Bland Creek project areas. Access arbitration continues to
gain access to high priority targets next year at the Temora project close to the Rain Hill monzonite.




[31]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                  Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Operational and ﬁnancial review (continued)
Corporate activities review
Agreement to acquire Talisman Mining Ltd’s 30% interest in the Springﬁeld Joint Ventures
On 8 June 2018, Sandﬁre announced it had reached an in-principle agreement with Talisman Mining Ltd (“Talisman”; ASX:TLM) to acquire Talisman’s 30%




                                                                                                                                                                  Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
interest in the Springﬁeld Exploration and Mining Joint Ventures in the Doolgunna region of WA. Subsequent to year end, on 8 August 2018, the Company
further announced the parties had signed a binding conditional Sale and Purchase Agreement relating to the acquisition (Transaction).
The Springﬁeld Joint Ventures include the Monty copper-gold deposit, currently being developed as a new satellite underground mine to feed Sandﬁre’s nearby
DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine (the Springﬁeld Mining Joint Venture) and the surrounding exploration tenements (the Springﬁeld Exploration Joint Venture). The
package also includes Talisman’s interest in the Halloween West Project.
The purchase price comprises $72.3 million for Talisman’s subsidiary, Talisman A Pty Ltd, on a debt-free and cash-free basis and an ongoing 1% Net Smelter
Return (NSR) royalty payable to Talisman on any future discoveries within the Springﬁeld Joint Venture areas (NSR Royalty). Sandﬁre will also be required to
pay stamp duty and other transaction costs in relation to the Transaction.
Through its acquisition of Talisman A, Sandﬁre will also assume the existing 2.25% gross revenue royalty held by Taurus Mining Finance Fund payable on
30% of the copper and gold produced from the Monty deposit area, capped at 29,700t of copper and 16,500oz of gold (based on a 30% revenue share).
Completion of the Transaction is subject to approval by a simple majority of Talisman’s shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting scheduled to be
held in October 2018.

Andes Resources Ltd
During June 2018, Sandﬁre acquired an interest in unlisted exploration company, Andes Resources Ltd (“Andes”), subscribing for 16,666,667 shares for total




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report
consideration of $2.0 million.
In addition, Sandﬁre and Andes have agreed to form a Technical Committee under which Andes will have access to Sandﬁre’s technical expertise to develop
its Andes Project. The majority of the project, which is prospective for gold and copper, lies within the municipalities of Andes, Jardin, Betania & Bolivar in
the department of Antioquia, Colombia.

Adriatic Metals Plc
On 26 April 2018, Sandﬁre acquired an investment in Adriatic Metals PLC (“Adriatic”; ASX: ADT) subscribing for 10,000,000 shares at $0.20 per share as part
of Adriatic’s initial public offer (IPO). The consideration for the purchase amounted to $2.0 million for a relevant interest of 7.65%.
In addition, Sandﬁre and Adriatic have entered into a strategic partnership agreement under which Adriatic will have access to Sandﬁre’s technical expertise
to develop its Veovaca and Rupice polymetallic projects in Bosnia Herzegovina, as well as further strategic support to unlock the potential from Adriatic’s
regional exploration portfolio.




                                                                                                                                                                  Additional ASX Information
Kingston Resources Ltd
During the year WCB Resources Ltd and Kingston Resources Ltd (“Kingston”; ASX: KSN) announced the execution of a Binding Heads of Agreement (HOA) to
merge the two companies by way of an Arrangement Agreement under Canadian Law. The merger, which was formally approved in November 2017, resulted
in the Group’s previously held investment in Toronto based listed explorer, WCB Resources Ltd, converting to an 11.43% interest (113,499,999 ordinary
shares) in Australian based exploration company, Kingston.
As at 30 June 2018 the Company’s interest in Kingston is 9.34%.

Sandﬁre Resources America Inc.
During July 2017, the Group increased its stake in North American copper development company Sandﬁre Resources America Inc. (“Sandﬁre America”; TSX-V:
SFR) (formerly Tintina Resources Inc.) to 78.06% from 61.18%, by acquiring a further 16.88% interest. The additional shareholding, comprising 54,632,580
shares, was acquired by the Company in an off-market transaction from Electrum Global Holdings L.P. Total consideration for the purchase amounted to
C$7,130,000 ($7,123,000).




                                                                                                                                                                  Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
In October 2017, the Group also executed its rights to purchase their pro rata of common shares offered under Sandﬁre America’s rights offer, which closed
on 23 October 2017. The additional shareholding, comprising 140,315,465 shares at an average price of C$0.06 per share, did not result in a change to the
Group’s holding percentage of Sandﬁre America. Total consideration for the purchase amounted to C$8,419,000 ($8,666,000).

Farm-in agreement with Auris Minerals Ltd and Fe Ltd
In February 2018 Sandﬁre entered into a Farm-in Agreement with Auris Minerals Ltd (“Auris” ASX: AUR) and Fe Ltd (“Fe” ASX: FEL) to earn up to a 70%
interest in relation to the Morck Well East JV Project (Auris 80%:Fe 20%) and Auris’ 100% owned Doolgunna Project located in Western Australia’s Bryah
Basin.
Under the terms of the agreement, Sandﬁre issued Auris 166,006 ordinary fully paid shares and issued Fe 41,502 ordinary fully paid shares at
commencement, in total 207,508 ordinary fully paid shares were issued equal to $1.5 million in accordance with the agreement. In addition Sandﬁre must
incur a minimum of $2.0 million in exploration within two years. Further details of the agreement are outlined in Auris’ ASX Announcement titled, ‘Sandﬁre
Farm-In to Morck Well East & Doolgunna Projects’, dated 27 February 2018.

Management
On 4 September 2017 experienced mining executive Mr Richard Beazley was appointed as Chief Operating Ofﬁcer, replacing Mr Martin Reed, who ﬁlled the
role of Interim Chief Operating Ofﬁcer from October 2016.




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Directory
                                                                                          SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                           [32]
Directors’ Report

Operational and ﬁnancial review (continued)
                                                                                          DeGrussa Copper Mine                             Other A        Group
Year ended 30 June 2018                                                                                   $000                              $000           $000
Sales revenue                                                                                             596,242                                -      596,242
Realised and unrealised price adjustment gain                                                               10,470                               -       10,470
Proﬁt (loss) before net ﬁnance and income tax expense                                                     226,320                         (52,555)      173,765
Proﬁt before income tax expense                                                                                                                         175,541
Net proﬁt                                                                                                                                               120,753
Net proﬁt attributable to the equity holders of the parent                                                                                              123,024
Basic and diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                 77.85 cents
A    Includes the Exploration & Evaluation segment and Other Activities as detailed in Note 3 to the consolidated Financial Statements.

The DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine contributed proﬁt before net ﬁnance and income tax of $226.3 million (2017: $158.5 million) from underground mining and
concentrator operations. Other includes the Exploration and Evaluation segment and the Group’s corporate functions that cannot be directly attributed to the
Group’s operating segments, and contributed a loss before net ﬁnance and income tax of $52.6 million (2017: loss of $44.3 million).
Dividends of $33.2 million were declared during the year, comprising $20.5 million in respect of the 2017 ﬁnancial year. Subsequent to year end the Directors
of the Company announced a ﬁnal dividend on ordinary shares in respect of the 2018 ﬁnancial year. The ﬁnal dividend of $30.3 million and represents a fully
franked dividend of 19 cents per share. Combined with the interim dividend of 8 cents per share represents 35% of the earnings per share for the full year. The
ﬁnal dividend has not been provided for in the consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June 2018.

Sales revenue
                                                                                                     30 Jun 2018                    30 Jun 2018
DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine                                                                                   $000                             %
Revenue from sales of copper in concentrate                                                               528,816                            88.7
Revenue from sales of gold in concentrate                                                                  61,776                            10.4
Revenue from sales of silver in concentrate                                                                  5,650                            0.9
                                                                                                          596,242                           100.0

A total of 25 shipments were completed from Port Hedland and Geraldton during the year.
Realised and unrealised priced adjustment gains of $10.5 million were recorded for the period as a result of a net increase in commodity prices during
quotational sales periods (QP).
From time to time the Group utilise QP hedging to either ﬁx the price of sales at the time of shipment or to reduce the length of the QP, therefore reducing
the short and medium term exposure to the market price of metal for completed or imminent shipments. The hedges are generally considered to be economic
hedges, however are not designated into a hedging relationship for accounting purposes. There were no hedging activities undertaken during the year.

Operations costs
                                                                                                      30 Jun 2018                   30 Jun 2017
DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine                                                                                    $000                          $000
Mine operations costs                                                                                     125,452                         115,533
Employee beneﬁt expenses                                                                                    25,140                         31,079
Treatment and reﬁning charges                                                                               36,667                         44,464
Freight expenses                                                                                            40,800                         39,718
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods and work in progress                                               (8,123)                          3,883
                                                                                                          219,936                         234,677

Royalties
Royalties are levied at 5.0% for copper sold as concentrate and 2.5% for gold, plus native title payments. As DeGrussa’s production value is heavily
weighted towards copper production, the combined royalty rate approximates the 5% level (net of allowable deductions).




[33]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Operational and ﬁnancial review (continued)
Exploration and evaluation
For the year ended 30 June 2018 the Group’s Exploration and Evaluation segment contributed a loss before net ﬁnancing expense and income tax of $39.1
million (2017: $33.1 million). In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy, exploration and evaluation expenditure for areas of interest not yet
considered to be commercially viable is expensed as incurred.




                                                                                                                                                                 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Exploration and evaluation expenditure comprises expenditure on the Group’s projects, including:
a)   Near-mine and Doolgunna regional exploration, which include a number of joint venture earn-in arrangements, most signiﬁcantly the Springﬁeld Joint
     Ventures with Talisman Mining Ltd;
b)   Other Australian exploration projects; and
c)   Expenditure arising on the consolidation of the Group’s controlled entities and equity accounted associates, including the Group’s investment in Sandﬁre
     Resources America Inc.
Depreciation and amortisation
                                                                                                                                             Depreciation and
                                                                                         Carrying value                        WDV               amortisation
                                                                                             June 2018                   June 2017            during the year
                                                                                                  $000                        $000                       $000
Mine properties                                                                                 166,581                    190,320                     92,267
Plant and equipment, including assets under construction                                        164,038                    178,696                     38,044
                                                                                                330,619                    369,016                    130,311




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
Sandﬁre Resources America Inc.
Sandﬁre Resources America Inc. contributed $10.3 million (2017: $6.3 million) in losses to the Group’s result for the year ended 30 June 2018. $8.0 million
(2017: $3.8 million) of these losses are attributable to the members of the parent entity, Sandﬁre.

Income tax expense
Income tax expense of $54.8 million for the year consists of current and deferred tax expense and is based on the corporate tax rate of 30% on taxable income
of the Group, adjusted for temporary differences between tax and accounting treatments. Cash tax payments during the year amounted to $61.3 million. As
at 30 June 2018, the Group has a $31.2 million current tax payable with respect to the 2018 ﬁnancial year.

Financial Position
Net assets of the Group have increased by $90.2 million to $532.1 million during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional ASX Information
Cash balance
Group cash on hand was $243.4 million as at 30 June 2018 (the Company $238.0 million).

Trade and other receivables
Trade and other receivables include remaining funds to be received from the sale of concentrate subject to provisional pricing and quotational periods at the
time of sale.

Financial investments
Financial investments represents the Group’s investments in various early stage mining and exploration companies. The fair value of the investments as at
30 June 2018 was $9.9 million, which includes $3.4 million fair value uplift.

Exploration and evaluation assets
Exploration and evaluation assets increased by $2.6 million during the year predominantly due to the farm-in arrangement for the Morck Well East JV Project,




                                                                                                                                                                 Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
which resulted in an issue of Sandﬁre shares to the value of $1.5 million as detailed under the Corporate Activities review.

Mine properties
The Company invested a total of $66.3 million in underground mine development activities during the year. $30.3 million related to development works at the
new Monty Copper-Gold Mine, including completion of the surface infrastructure works and advancement of the decline and lateral development. A further
$36.0 million mine development related to underground development at the DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine, to establish development access to the sulphide ore
bodies ahead of future stoping activities.

Plant and equipment, including assets under construction
The carrying value of plant and equipment, including assets under construction, has decreased by $14.7 million to $164.0 million at the end of the year.
Including depreciation for the year of 38.0 million as detailed above.

Current and deferred tax liabilities
Taxable proﬁt on operations during the year exceeded tax instalments resulting in the Group booking a current income tax liability of $31.2 million at year
end. In addition, the Group has booked a net deferred tax liability position of $32.2 million at balance date which predominantly relates to the differing tax
depreciation and amortisation rates of mining assets and equipment compared to accounting rates.

Provisions




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Directory
Total current and non-current provisions for the Group have increased by $5.8 million to $33.7 million as at 30 June 2018. The Group’s provisions
predominately relate to mine rehabilitation activities as well as some employee entitlements for long service and annual leave.




                                                                                          SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                          [34]
Directors’ Report

Operational and ﬁnancial review (continued)
Cash Flows
Operating activities
Net cash inﬂow from operating activities was $245.0 million for the year. Net cash inﬂow from operating activities prior to exploration and evaluation
activities was $284.6 million for the year.

Investing activities
Net cash outﬂow from investing activities was $99.5 million for the period. This included payments for property, plant and equipment of $22.8 million and
payments for mine development of $64.7 million.

Financing activities
Net cash outﬂow from ﬁnancing activities of $28.9 million for the year included dividend payments of $33.2 million.

Business risks and management
The Group’s operating and ﬁnancial performance is subject to a range of risks and uncertainties. The Group has adopted a risk management framework to
proactively and systematically identify, assess and address events that could potentially impact its business objectives and seeks to manage and mitigate
these risks, where appropriate, to minimise adverse impacts.
Business risks are assessed on a regular basis by management, and material risks are regularly reported to the Board and its Committees. These reports
include the status and effectiveness of control measures relating to each material risk. The Board, Audit and Risk Committee and the Sustainability
Committee each receive reports on material risks relevant to their responsibilities and also receive updates throughout the year.
The key business risks that could have an impact on the Group achieving its ﬁnancial goals and business strategy are discussed below. Information that
would likely result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group has not been included. This includes information that is conﬁdential or commercially sensitive,
except where disclosure is required pursuant to our continuous disclosure obligations.

Business and operational
DeGrussa is the Group’s sole operating project and proﬁtable operating segment. For the 2018 ﬁnancial year, DeGrussa derived approximately 89% of its
revenue from the sale of copper contained within its concentrate, with the remainder derived from gold and silver.
As at the date of this report, the DeGrussa operation consists of two underground mines (DeGrussa in operation and Monty in development), a processing
plant, a paste plant, village accommodation and infrastructure facilities. Concentrate is transported to Geraldton and Port Hedland via road and shipped to
international trader and smelter customers. The Group’s operational and ﬁnancial performance is heavily reliant on the successful integrated operation of its
DeGrussa operation.
Production and capital costs affect ﬁnancial performance and are subject to a variety of factors including, but not limited to, variability in input costs and
consumables, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating strategy.
As is common in the mining industry, many of the Group’s activities are conducted using contractors. The Group’s operational and ﬁnancial results are
impacted by the performance of contractors, their efﬁciency, costs and associated risks. The Group actively manages its contractors to the extent possible
working within relevant agreements.
The DeGrussa underground mines are subject to geotechnical and water ingress risk which, if left unmitigated, could result in a mine collapse, cave-ins or
other failures to mine infrastructure and signiﬁcantly affect operational performance.
The Group mitigates these risks by employing appropriately qualiﬁed technical personnel and experienced managers that utilise formalised operating
practices, processes and procedures, by undertaking continual monitoring of the underground environment to identify change that may require action, by
engaging specialist consultants when technical issues are identiﬁed outside available internal skills and experience, and by conducting audits completed by
external consultants on a regular basis to identify gaps and manage compliance.

Health, Safety and Environment
Sandﬁre undertakes operations in areas which may pose a safety risk including, but not limited to, handling explosives, underground operations subject to
rock fall, work involving conﬁned spaces, areas where heavy and light vehicles or people interact, manual dropped loads, operating at height, entanglement,
personnel working alone and interactions with electricity.
Operating in a ﬂy in ﬂy out operation also introduces the risk that is inherent in air travel, as contractors and employees are required to regularly commute by
aircraft as well as industry speciﬁc health considerations.
The occurrence of signiﬁcant safety incidents could result in regulatory investigations or restrictions which may impact operating performance and
negatively impact morale. The Group manage these risks through the requirements of its Health and Safety Management System and accompanying policies,
procedures, and standards. Company personnel, including contractors, are trained in the assessment of risks and hazards and the operating procedures
required to operate safely.
The Group operates under a range of environmental regulation and guidelines. Environmental regulations and health guidelines for certain products and by-
products produced or to be produced are generally becoming more onerous. Increased environmental regulation of the Group’s products and activities or any
changes to the environmental regulations could have an adverse effect on the Group’s ﬁnancial performance and position. The Group’s management of these
risks are detailed in the Environmental regulation and performance section of the Directors’ Report.
The Group is required to close its operations and rehabilitate the land affected by the operation at the conclusion of mining and processing activities.
Actual closure costs in the future may be higher than currently estimated. Estimates of these costs are reﬂected in accordance with AASB 137 Provisions,
Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets as provisions in the Financial Statements. Management seeks external assistance and review, where
appropriate, to estimate these costs.




[35]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                     Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Business risks and management (continued)
The Group works closely with local communities affected by its mining and exploration activities. The Group has compensation agreements in place with
indigenous communities affected by its activities and actively engages with the traditional owners and local communities. The Group also manages and
relies on maintenance of good title over the authorisations, permits and licenses which allow it to operate. Loss of good title or access due to challenges
instituted by issuers of authorisations, permits or licenses, such as government authorities or land owners may result in disruptions to operating




                                                                                                                                                                     Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
performance.
As regulatory agencies respond to climate change over the medium term, costs of inputs may rise and restrictions may be placed on how certain resources
are provided, transported and used, which may impact our licence to operate.
At Sandﬁre, climate related risk governance is managed by the Board’s Sustainability Committee. Sandﬁre engages with Federal Government departments
and regulators directly and indirectly via industry groups on climate change policy and legislation to ensure that material risks to Sandﬁre’s operations are
understood and effectively managed.
Sandﬁre is committed to reducing the energy intensity of our operations by adopting environmentally sustainable operations including our commitment to
the Degrussa Solar Power Farm. Further details on Sandﬁre’s exposure to climate related risks and how the Company manages these risks are outlined in our
Annual Sustainability Report on the Company’s website www.sandﬁre.com.au.

Mineral Resource, Ore Reserve and Mine Plan
The estimation of the Group’s Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve involves analysis of drilling results, associated geological and geotechnical interpretations,
metallurgical performance evaluation, mining assessment, operating cost and business assumptions as well as a reliance on commodity price assumptions.
As a result, the assessment of Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve involve areas of signiﬁcant estimation and judgement. The ultimate level of recovery of
minerals and commercial viability of deposits cannot be guaranteed.
The Group’s Mine Plan is based on the Mineral Resource at DeGrussa and changes to it caused by changes in underlying assumptions may impact on the




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report
future ﬁnancial and operational performance of the Group.
The reserve and resource estimates and mine plans have been carefully prepared by appropriately qualiﬁed Company personnel in compliance with
the Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC) guidelines and in appropriate instances are veriﬁed by independent mining experts. DeGrussa’s mine life has
been successfully extended since original discovery through expenditure on exploration and evaluation activities. The current Mine Life extends to 2022,
representing the mining of currently identiﬁed economic mineralisation, including the Monty Copper-Gold deposit.

Financial
The marketability of the concentrates is dependent on mine supply, smelter demand and quality of the product. The prices received are dictated by global
commodity and currency markets. Commodity prices and exchange rates have a direct and material impact on the Group’s ﬁnancial performance.
The Group does not actively take steps to hedge its currency or commodity risks, but may from time to time enter into derivative ﬁnancial instruments with
various counterparties, principally ﬁnancial institutions with investment grade credit ratings, in order to reduce the exposure to ﬂuctuations in copper price




                                                                                                                                                                     Additional ASX Information
during the Quotational Period (QP) period. The hedges are generally in the form of QP hedging via copper swaps to either ﬁx the price of sales at the time of
shipment or to reduce the length of the QP, therefore reducing the short and medium term exposure to the market price of metal for completed or imminent
shipments. There were no hedging activities undertaken during the year.
The high copper grade ore of Sandﬁre’s DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine and its low production cost proﬁle, relative to global copper producers, provides resilience
to reduced commodity prices and an ability to maximise margins during high commodity price periods.
The Group selectively utilises letters of credit to mitigate risk of receipt of sales funds and receives provisional payments prior to shipments arriving at their
destination port.
The majority of the Group’s costs are incurred in Australian dollars, funded through the conversion of US dollar sales proceeds to Australian dollars on receipt
from customers.
The Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure that it has sufﬁcient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed
conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation. The Group manages liquidity risk by conducting regular




                                                                                                                                                                     Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
reviews and updates of the timing of cash ﬂows in order to ensure sufﬁcient funds are available to meet its obligations.

Signiﬁcant changes in the state of affairs
In the opinion of the Directors there were no other signiﬁcant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that occurred during the ﬁnancial year, other than
those described in this report under, ‘Operational and ﬁnancial review’.

Signiﬁcant events after the balance date
Agreement to acquire Talisman Mining Ltd’s 30% interest in the Springﬁeld Joint Ventures
On 8 June 2018, Sandﬁre announced it reached an in-principle agreement with Talisman Mining Ltd (“Talisman”; ASX:TLM) to acquire Talisman’s 30%
interest in the Springﬁeld Exploration and Mining Joint Ventures in the Doolgunna region of WA. The Company further announced it signed a binding
conditional Sale and Purchase Agreement relating to the acquisition on 6 August 2018 (Transaction).
The purchase price comprises $72.3 million for Talisman’s subsidiary, Talisman A Pty Ltd, on a debt-free and cash-free basis and an ongoing 1% Net Smelter
Return (NSR) royalty payable to Talisman on any future discoveries at Springﬁeld Joint Ventures (NSR Royalty). Sandﬁre will also be required to pay stamp
duty in relation to the Transaction and has also incurred other transaction costs.
Through its acquisition of Talisman A, Sandﬁre will also assume the existing 2.25% gross revenue royalty held by Taurus Mining Finance Fund payable on




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Directory
30% of the copper and gold produced from the Monty deposit area, capped at 29,700t of copper and 16,500oz of gold (based on a 30% revenue share).
Completion of the Transaction is subject to approval by a simple majority of Talisman’s shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting scheduled to be
held in October 2018.



                                                                                           SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                            [36]
Directors’ Report

Signiﬁcant events after the balance date (continued)
Investment in White Rock Minerals Ltd
Subsequent to year end, Sandﬁre acquired a 14.22% interest in White Rock Minerals Ltd (“White Rock”; ASX: WRM), with the parties also agreeing to
formalise a strategic relationship in relation to White Rock’s high-grade Red Mountain Zinc VMS Project in Alaska.
The investment was completed via an equity placement of 208,333,334 shares at $0.012 (1.2 cents) per share, for total consideration of $2.5 million.
Sandﬁre was also issued 104,166,667 unlisted options with an expiry date of 10 July 2021 and an exercise price of A$0.02 (2 cents) per option.
As at the date of this report, the Company’s interest in White Rock is 12.73%.
Further details of the investment are outlined in White Rock’s ASX Announcement titled, ‘White Rock enters into a strategic relationship with Sandﬁre’, dated
27 February 2018.

Farm-in agreement with Alchemy Resources Ltd
Subsequent to year end, Sandﬁre agreed to acquire Independence Group NL’s (“IGO”; ASX: IGO) Bryah Basin Project Farm-in Rights with Alchemy Resources
Ltd (“Alchemy”; ASX: ALY). The agreement transfers all of IGO’s rights and remaining obligations associated with the original Letter Agreement between
Alchemy and IGO dated 29 January 2014 to Sandﬁre, including the $3.1 million remaining spend to earn up to an 80% interest, with an earn-in expiry date of
28 October 2019.
Further details of the agreement are outlined in Alchemy’s ASX Announcement titled, ‘Sandﬁre Acquires IGO’s Farm-in Interests in Alchemy’s Bryah Basin
Project, WA’, dated 6 August 2018.

Dividends
Subsequent to year end, the Directors of the Company announced a ﬁnal dividend on ordinary shares in respect of the 2018 ﬁnancial year. The total amount
of the dividend is $30.3 million, which represents a fully franked dividend of 19 cents per share. The dividend has not been provided for in the 30 June 2018
Financial Statements.

Issued Capital
Exercise of options
Subsequent to year end, the Company announced the following issue of ordinary shares from the exercise of unlisted options.:

Number                               Exercise Price                Expiry Date
340,000                                      $7.60               15 July 2018
410,000                                      $8.80               15 July 2018

Expiry of options
Subsequent to year end, the Company announced the expiry of the following unlisted options over ordinary shares.

Number                               Exercise Price                Expiry Date
25,000                                       $7.60               15 July 2018
70,000                                       $8.80               15 July 2018
565,000                                     $10.00               15 July 2018

Likely developments and expected results
The Group will continue mining operations from its DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine and further development of the Monty Copper-Gold Project as well as
continued exploration and evaluation over the Group’s areas of interest. Further comments on likely developments and expected results of certain operations
of the Group are included in this ﬁnancial report under ‘Operational and ﬁnancial review’.

Environmental regulation and performance
The Group is committed to minimising the impact of its operations on the environment, with an appropriate focus placed on continuous monitoring of
environmental matters and compliance with environmental regulations. The Group holds environmental licenses and is subject to environmental regulation
in respect of its activities in both Australia and overseas. The Board is responsible for monitoring environmental exposures and compliance with these
regulations and is committed to achieving a high standard of environmental performance.
The Board believes that the Group has adequate systems in place for the management of its environmental requirements. Compliance with the
environmental regulations is managed through the Environmental Management System (EMS), supported by policies, management plans, standard work
practices and guidelines.
During the ﬁnancial year, Sandﬁre has submitted numerous environmental reports and statements to regulators detailing Sandﬁre’s environmental
performance and level of compliance with relevant instruments. These include an Annual Environmental Report and Annual Aquifer Review Reports submitted
to the Department of Water and Environmental Regulation, Annual Environmental Report submitted to the Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and
Safety and Annual National Pollutant Inventory Report to the Department of Water and Environmental Regulation. Sandﬁre actively manages water use to
ensure efﬁciencies are recognised and implemented where practical.
Sandﬁre complies with the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth), under which it is required to report energy consumption and
greenhouse gas emissions for its Australian facilities for the year ended 30 June 2018 and future periods. Sandﬁre is committed to proactively managing
energy use efﬁciency and reducing greenhouse gas emissions wherever practical and is guided by internal policy and guidelines.
There have been no signiﬁcant known breaches of the Group’s license conditions or any environmental regulations to which it is subject during the ﬁnancial
year.


[37]      SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                   Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Share options
Unissued shares under option
As at the date of this report there are no unissued ordinary shares of the Company under option. The movement of shares under option during the year is as
follows:




                                                                                                                                                                   Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                               Number of Options
Balance as at 1 July 2017                              1,695,000
Options exercised during the year                      (285,000)
Balance as at 30 June 2018                             1,410,000

As detailed on page 37, subsequent to 30 June 2018 all options either expired or were exercised. Option holders do not have any right, by virtue of the option,
to participate in any share issue of the Company.

Shares issued as a result of the exercise of options
The following options were exercised to ordinary shares during the ﬁnancial year.

Expiry Date                                        Exercise Price             Shares issued
15 July 2018                                               $7.60                    200,000
15 July 2018                                               $8.80                     85,000
15 July 2018                                              $10.00                         Nil




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
Share options issued
The Company did not grant any options over unissued ordinary shares in Sandﬁre Resources NL to Directors or ofﬁcers during or since the end of the ﬁnancial
year.

Share options expired
No options expired during the ﬁnancial year.

Indemniﬁcation and insurance of Directors, Ofﬁcers and Auditors
Indemniﬁcation
The Company indemniﬁes each of its Directors and Ofﬁcers, including the Company Secretary, to the maximum extent permitted by the Corporations Act from
liability to third parties and in defending legal and administrative proceedings and applications for such proceedings, except where the liability arises out of




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional ASX Information
conduct involving lack of good faith.
The Company must use its best endeavours to insure a Director or Ofﬁcer against any liability, which does not arise out of a conduct constituting a wilful
breach of duty or a contravention of the Corporations Act 2001. The Company must also use its best endeavour to insure a Director or Ofﬁcer against liability
for costs and expenses incurred in defending proceedings whether civil or criminal. The Directors of the Company are not aware of any such proceedings or
claim brought against Sandﬁre Resources NL as at the date of this report.
To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to indemnify its auditors, Ernst & Young, as part of the terms of its audit engagement agreement
against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for an unspeciﬁed amount). However, the indemnity does not apply to any loss in respect of any
matters which are ﬁnally determined to have resulted from Ernst & Young’s negligent, wrongful or willful acts or omissions. No payment has been made to
indemnify Ernst & Young during or since the end of ﬁnancial year.

Insurance premiums
The Company has paid insurance premiums in respect of Directors’ and Ofﬁcers’ liability and legal expenses insurance contracts for current and former
Directors, Executive Ofﬁcers and Secretaries. The Directors have not included details of the premium paid in respect of the Directors’ and Ofﬁcers’ liability




                                                                                                                                                                   Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
and legal expenses’ insurance contracts, as such disclosure is prohibited under the terms of the contract.

Rounding
The amounts contained in this ﬁnancial report have been rounded to the nearest $1,000 (where rounding is applicable) where noted ($000) under the option
available to the Company under ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to which this
legislative instrument applies.




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Directory
                                                                                          SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                          [38]
Directors’ Report

Auditor independence
The Directors received the following declaration from the auditor of Sandﬁre Resources NL.




   
                                     Ernst & Young                                    Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                    11 Mounts Bay Road                               Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                    Perth WA 6000 Australia                          ey.com/au
                                     GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
   
   
   
   
   
   Auditor’s Independence Declaration to the Directors of Sandfire
   Resources NL
   As lead auditor for the audit of Sandfire Resources NL for the financial year ended 30 June 2018, I
   declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

   a)       no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
            relation to the audit; and

   b)       no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.

   This declaration is in respect of Sandfire Resources NL and the entities it controlled during the financial
   year.




   Ernst & Young




   F Drummond
   Partner
   29 August 2018
   

Non-audit services
The following non-audit services were provided to the Group by the Company’s auditor, Ernst & Young. The Directors are satisﬁed that the provision of non-
audit services is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. The nature and scope of each
type of non-audit service provided means that auditor independence was not compromised.
Ernst & Young received or are due to receive the following amounts for the provision of non-audit services:

                                                                       2018
                                                                          $
Taxation services                                                    63,753
Other advisory services                                              61,794
                                                                    125,547




[39]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                     Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Letter from the Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
Dear shareholders
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sandﬁre Resources NL, I am pleased to provide you with the Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June
2018, for which we will seek your approval at the next annual general meeting.




                                                                                                                                                     Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
The 2018 ﬁnancial year was a successful one for the Company and was a direct result of the considerable efforts of
our entire Sandﬁre team of staff and contractors, led by our Executive team.
We achieved our production guidance and bettered our cost guidance, extended the mine life at DeGrussa and
continued the development of the Monty Copper-Gold Project, whilst ensuring the Company’s balance sheet remained
strong. From a safety standpoint, we had no work-related serious injuries in FY2018 and our total recordable injury
frequency rate per million hours worked (TRIFR) was 4.6 at 31 December 2017.
More detail on the Company’s performance is contained within the Directors’ Report.
While the ﬁnancial position of the Company has continued to remain strong, the dividend has increased, and outlook
remains positive, our approach to determining remuneration outcomes has remained prudent.
   • Executive ﬁxed remuneration
       - Whilst the CEO ﬁxed remuneration continues unchanged for the past 4 years, in line with general
         market movements, two Executives received a nominal increase to their ﬁxed remuneration.
   • Executive incentives
       -   Short-term incentives (STI): Sandﬁre measures STI performance over the calendar year reﬂecting a




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report
           historical practice. The 2017 calendar year resulted in the successful achievement of key short-term
           performance measures with Executives awarded an average of 81% of their STI opportunity. These
           performance results included a 27% reduction in our TRIFR to 31 December 2017 and achieving on target
           production and cost guidance.
       -   Long-term incentives (LTI): The 3 year performance period 1 July 2015 to 30 June 2018 saw Sandﬁre
           achieve a total shareholder return (TSR) of 84.79% and ranking 11th out of 32 peer companies, in
           accordance with an independent assessment. This performance has resulted in 84.88% of the second
           tranche of the 2015 long-term incentive (LTI) award vesting subsequent to year end.
       -   Legacy LTI Plans: Reﬂecting the share price growth during the year, an amount of $906,406 vested to
           the CEO in accordance with the terms of the Long-term Indexed Bonus Plan during FY2018.
   • Board and Committee fees




                                                                                                                                                     Additional ASX Information
       - Base fees for the Chairman and NEDs were increased from 1 March 2018 by 15.8%, representing
         the ﬁrst increase since 1 January 2014.
Remuneration in FY2019
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee considers stakeholder feedback in its annual review of Sandﬁre’s
remuneration structures and quantum. In 2017, stakeholders raised some questions regarding the organisation’s LTI
Plan as well as fuller disclosure of metrics relating to the STI Plan. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee
approved enhancements in the 2018 remuneration report with the aim to improving transparency and providing more
information regarding the link between pay and performance.
As foreshadowed in FY2017 a review of incentive structures has been undertaken. Initial ﬁndings from the review
resulted in the Board electing not to alter any components of the current incentive framework which has worked
effectively for some years. The Board will continue to monitor the remuneration framework, provide ongoing updates




                                                                                                                                                     Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
and dialogue with shareholders to ensure the effective alignment between performance and reward.
On behalf of the Board, I invite you to review the full report and thank you for your ongoing support of Sandﬁre.


Yours sincerely




Paul Hallam
Remuneration and Nomination Committee Chairman




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Directory
                                                                                          SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018               [40]
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report
1      Remuneration report overview
The Directors of Sandﬁre Resources NL present the Remuneration Report (the Report) for the Company and its controlled entities for the year ended 30 June
2018. This Report for the Group forms part of the Directors’ Report and has been audited in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
The report details the remuneration arrangements for Sandﬁre’s key management personnel (KMP):
    • Non-executive Directors (NEDs); and
    • Executive Directors and senior Executives (collectively the Executives).
KMP are those persons who, directly or indirectly, have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the Company
and Group.
The table below outlines the KMP of the Group during FY2018.

Name                                                Position                                                          Term as KMP
Non-executive Directors
Derek La Ferla                                      Independent Non-Executive Chairman                                Full ﬁnancial year
Robert Scott                                        Independent NED                                                   Full ﬁnancial year
Paul Hallam                                         Independent NED                                                   Full ﬁnancial year
Maree Arnason                                       Independent NED                                                   Full ﬁnancial year
Roric Smith                                         Independent NED                                                   Full ﬁnancial year
Executive Directors
Karl Simich                                         Managing Director and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer                      Full ﬁnancial year
Senior Executives
Richard Beazley                                     Chief Operating Ofﬁcer                                            Appointed 4 September 2017
Matthew Fitzgerald                                  Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and Joint Company Secretary                Full ﬁnancial year
Robert Klug                                         Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer and Joint Company Secretary               Full ﬁnancial year
Former Senior Executives
Martin Reed                                         Interim Chief Operating Ofﬁcer                                    Ceased 4 September 2017

2      How remuneration is governed
Remuneration decision making
The following diagram represents the Group’s remuneration decision making framework:




[41]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee (Committee) operates under a Board-approved Charter. The purpose of the Committee is to provide assistance
and recommendations to the Board to ensure that it is able to fulﬁll its responsibilities relating to the following:
   • Remuneration strategy;




                                                                                                                                                                 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
   • NED remuneration;
   • Chief Executive Ofﬁcer (CEO) and senior Executive remuneration;
   • Short term and long term incentive plans;
   • Annual performance review of the CEO and senior Executives;
   • Review remuneration reporting;
   • Nomination and review of applicants for Board of Directors positions;
   • Diversity strategy and gender pay strategy;
   • Board size and composition;
   • Director induction and continuing professional development;
   • Annual Board performance review; and
   • Succession planning and talent management.
A copy of the Charter is available on the Company’s website under the Corporate Governance section www.sandﬁre.com.au.
The composition of the Committee is set out on page 26 of this Financial Report. The committee consist solely of NEDs. The CEO and others may be invited to
attend all or part of meetings by the Committee Chairman as required and appropriate, but have no vote on matters before the Committee.




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
Use of remuneration consultants
The Committee has the resources and authority appropriate to perform its duties and responsibilities, including the authority to engage external professionals
on terms it deems appropriate.
The Committee has established protocols to ensure that if remuneration recommendations, as deﬁned by the Corporations Act 2001, are made by independent
remuneration consultants they are free from bias and undue inﬂuence by members of the KMP to whom the recommendations relate. The Committee directly
engages the remuneration consultants (without management involvement), and receives all reports directly from the remuneration consultants.
In carrying out its review of the remuneration of the Chairman, NEDs, and Executives for the 2018 ﬁnancial year, the Committee engaged the services
of independent remuneration consultant, Psytec Management Services (Psytec). The Committee is satisﬁed that the advice received from Psytec is free
from bias and undue inﬂuence. The remuneration recommendations were provided to the Committee as input into decision making only. The Committee
considered the recommendations, along with other factors, in making its remuneration decisions.




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional ASX Information
The fees paid to Psytec for the remuneration recommendations were $17,000. In addition to providing remuneration recommendations, Psytec provided other
advisory services and was paid a total of $70,000 for these services.
The Committee also engaged Ernst & Young (EY) and The Reward Practice in relation to the provision of general information on market trends and services in
respect of determining the level of relative total shareholder return (TSR) performance against the selected comparator group with respect to the Company’s
Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Plan. This did not incorporate providing the Committee with any remuneration recommendations as deﬁned by the Corporations Act
2001.

Securities Trading Policy
Sandﬁre’s Securities Trading Policy (Policy) provides clear guidance on how Company securities, including shares and options, may be dealt with and applies
to NEDs, Executives and all other personnel of the Company including employees and contractors.
The Securities Trading Policy details acceptable and unacceptable periods for trading in Company Securities including the consequences of breaching the
Policy.




                                                                                                                                                                 Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
The Policy also sets out a speciﬁc governance approach for how the Chairman and Directors can deal in Company Securities. The Company’s Policy can be
accessed from the Corporate Governance section at www.sandﬁre.com.au.

Remuneration report approval at FY17 Annual General Meeting (AGM)
The remuneration report for FY17 received positive shareholder support at the FY17 AGM with a vote of 99% in favour.




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Directory
                                                                                        SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                          [42]
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
3     Executive remuneration policy and practices
Sandﬁre’s Board is committed to delivering remuneration strategy outcomes that:
   • Align the interests of Executives with shareholders and further our key business drivers;
   • Attract, motivate and retain high performing Executives; and
   • Reﬂect our business performance and sustainability.
The remuneration strategy identiﬁes and rewards high performers and recognises the contribution of each employee to the continued growth and success of
the Group. The elements of the executive remuneration framework and its connection to Sandﬁre’s strategy are summarised below.




[43]    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
2018 Executive remuneration mix
The mix of ﬁxed and at-risk remuneration varies depending on the role and grading of the Executives. More senior positions have a greater proportion of at
risk remuneration. The chart below shows the remuneration mix for exceptional performance when maximum at risk remuneration is earned for both the CEO
and his direct reports in FY2018.




                                                                                                                                                                 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources



Total Fixed Remuneration (TFR) and market positioning of TFR
Sandﬁre has adopted a market positioning strategy designed to attract and retain talented employees, and to reward them for delivering strong performance.
The market positioning strategy also supports fair and equitable outcomes between employees.
TFR acts as a base-level reward and includes cash, compulsory superannuation and any salary-sacriﬁced items (including FBT if applicable) and is reviewed




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
annually. Sandﬁre has set the baseline TFR benchmark for Executives (other than the CEO) at the 75th per centile of the deﬁned market. For the CEO, the
baseline TFR benchmark is the 85th percentile. The Board considers variations to the benchmark based on:
   • the size and complexity of the role;
   • the criticality of the role to successful execution of the business strategy;
   • role accountabilities;
   • skills and experience of the individual;
   • period of service; and
   • market pay levels for comparable roles.
When determining the relevant market for each role, Sandﬁre considers the companies from which it sources talent, and to whom it could potentially lose
talent. From time to time, the Board engages its independent remuneration advisor to provide remuneration benchmarking data as input into setting




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional ASX Information
remuneration for Executive KMP.

Short Term Incentive (STI) Plan: Key questions and answers on how it works
Why does the Board consider the STI Plan        The purpose of the STI Plan is to make a proportion of the total remuneration package subject to meeting
is appropriate?                                 various short-term targets linked to Sandﬁre’s key measures of success, thereby strengthening the link between
                                                pay and performance. The STI Plan is designed to focus and motivate Executives to achieve outcomes beyond
                                                the standard expected in the normal course of employment.
How is it paid?                                 STI awards are paid in cash.
How much can an Executive earn?                 Executives have a maximum STI opportunity of 30% of TFR.
                                                The actual outcome depends on the Executive’s performance level of achievement against each key
                                                performance indicator (KPI).




                                                                                                                                                                 Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
What is the performance period?                 The performance period is for 12 months, 1 January to 31 December.
How is performance measured?                    The Board sets and assesses the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) applicable to the CEO. The CEO sets and
                                                assesses the KPIs for other senior Executives.
                                                KPIs cover Group and individual objectives that are ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial and reﬂect the Group’s key
                                                measures of success and the Group’s core values.
                                                For calendar year 2017, the performance conditions that determined STI outcomes focused on leadership,
                                                keeping people safe, improving the Group’s business performance, and progressing the Group’s strategy and
                                                growth objectives. The STI performance measures were chosen as they reﬂect the key drivers of short-term
                                                performance and also provide a framework for delivering sustainable, long-term value to Sandﬁre and its
                                                shareholders.
                                                Refer to Table 2 in STI performance and outcomes for FY2018 section for a list of the CEO’s KPIs, including
                                                relative weightings and commentary on the performance assessment and achievements.




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Directory
                                                                                          SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                          [44]
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)

What are the performance levels for the   The KPIs have a range of pre-determined performance levels, which are detailed below.
KPIs?
                                          Unsatisfactory        Represents inadequate performance.
                                          Threshold             Represents the minimum level of performance achieved for an STI to be awarded,
                                                                set at a challenging level.
                                          Target                Represents the achievement of planned performance.
                                          Stretch               Represents exceptional performance, set at a stretch level.

                                          Each KPI has a weighting (% of STI) and are individually assessed against the pre-determined performance
                                          levels, to achieve an STI award outcome. Consistent ratings at each performance level for the set KPIs would
                                          result in the following STI award vest.
                                          Performance level               STI Award (% of TFR)
                                          Unsatisfactory                  -
                                          Threshold                       15.00%
                                          Target                          22.50%
                                          Stretch                         30.00%

How is STI assessed?                      The Chairman of the Board reviews the CEO’s performance against the performance targets and objectives set
                                          for that year. The CEO assesses the performance of the senior Executive team as he has oversight of his direct
                                          reports and the day to day functions of the Company.
                                          The performance assessment of the CEO and other senior Executives are reviewed and approved by the
                                          Remuneration and Nomination Committee, reporting to the Board.
What happens to STI awards when an        If the Executive’s employment is terminated for cause, no STI will be paid.
Executive ceases employment?
                                          If the Executive resigns before the end of the performance period, the STI may be granted on a pro rata basis
                                          in relation to the period of service completed, subject to the discretion of the Board and conditional upon the
                                          individual performance of the Executive.
Is there an overriding performance        Yes. The Board has the discretion to not to pay or reduce the amount of the STI otherwise payable, taking into
condition or clawback provision?          consideration the interests of the Company and its shareholders.
                                          In the event of a fatality no reward is made for the safety KPI.
                                          In the event of serious misconduct or a material misstatement in the Company’s ﬁnancial statements, the
                                          Board may cancel the STI payment and may also clawback STI payments paid in previous ﬁnancial years, to the
                                          extent this can be done in accordance with the law.
Are any STI payments deferred?            The Board is aware of a trend in some larger ASX companies to partially defer payment of STI to subsequent
                                          years as share rights, notionally to more closely align the STI with a company’s share price performance and
                                          provide a period for performance assurance. The Board has determined no deferral of STI is appropriate for the
                                          following reasons.
                                             • Deferral of STI is rare amongst the resources companies with which Sandﬁre competes for talent, and is
                                               considered to be a disincentive to current and prospective employees; and
                                             • The LTI is closely aligned with the Company’s share price performance, and also provides a signiﬁcant
                                               retention incentive.




[45]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                              Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
Long Term Incentive (LTI) Plan: Key questions and answers on how it works
Why does the Board consider a LTI Plan       The Board believes that an LTI Plan can:
to be appropriate?
                                                • Focus and motivate Executives to achieve outcomes that are aligned to optimising shareholder value;




                                                                                                                                                              Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                                • Ensure that business decisions and strategic planning have regard to the Company and Group’s long
                                                  term performance;
                                                • Be consistent with remuneration governance guidelines;
                                                • Be consistent and competitive with current practices of comparable companies; and
                                                • Create an immediate ownership mindset among the executive participants, linking a substantial
                                                  portion of the potential reward to Sandﬁre’s ongoing share price and returns to shareholders.
How is the award delivered?                  Awards are in the form of performance rights (Rights) over ordinary shares in the Company for no
                                             consideration. The Rights carry neither rights to dividends or voting.
How often are grants made and was a          Grants may be made annually at the discretion of the Board.
grant made in 2018?
                                             Rights were granted to Executives other than the CEO on 29 June 2018. Rights will be granted to the CEO
                                             following shareholder approval at the Company’s AGM in November 2018.
What is the quantum of the award and         The quantum of Rights granted to an Executive is determined by the Executive’s TFR; the applicable multiplier;
what allocation methodology is used          and the face value of Sandﬁre shares, calculated as the 5 day volume weighted average price (VWAP)
                                             immediately prior to grant date.




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report
                                             The CEO’s multiplier is 1.0 x TFR. Other Senior Executives’ multiplier is 0.6 x TFR.
What are the performance conditions?         The two performance conditions, referred to as the vesting conditions are:
                                                • Service condition - The service condition is met if employment with Sandﬁre is continuous for the
                                                  period commencing on or around the grant date until the date the Rights vest; and
                                                • Performance condition – Relative total shareholder return (TSR) of Sandﬁre measured against a
                                                  comparator group constituting companies in the ASX200 Resources Index (ASX: XJR).
What is TSR?                                 TSR is a method for calculating the return shareholders would earn if they held a notional number of shares
                                             over a period of time. TSR measures the growth in a company’s share price together with the value of dividends
                                             during the period, assuming that all of those dividends are re-invested into new shares.
Why were the performance conditions          The Board reviews the performance conditions annually to determine the appropriate hurdles based on




                                                                                                                                                              Additional ASX Information
selected?                                    Sandﬁre’s strategy and prevailing market practice.
                                             Service based conditions are used to encourage retention. Relative TSR is used because it is an objective
                                             measure of security holder value creation, is widely understood and accepted by key stakeholders and it
                                             rewards participants for superior performance on matters which they have the ability to inﬂuence.
                                             Setting long term incentive targets appropriate for different stages of the mining cycle is complex and
                                             challenging. Whilst the Board holds that long term incentives should not change during different phases of
                                             the mining cycle and remain more stable over time (unlike short term incentives that should reﬂect the current
                                             operational environment and macroeconomic setting) it is also acknowledged a more nuanced approach
                                             beyond relative TSR may be required in the future.
Why is the ASX200 Resources Index an         The Board considers the ASX200 Resources Index to be an appropriate comparator group against which
appropriate comparator group?                Sandﬁre’s performance can be appropriately benchmarked. Benchmarking against comparable companies
                                             within the index minimises the impact of ﬂuctuations in commodity price to illustrate how effective




                                                                                                                                                              Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
                                             management have been in creating value from the Group’s assets. Constituents of the ASX200 may be subject
                                             to corporate transactions (e.g. mergers and acquisitions) during the performance period and as such may
                                             result in a change to the number of companies evaluated at the vesting date.
What is the performance period?              The TSR for Sandﬁre and comparator group is measured over three ﬁnancial years commencing 1 July.
                                             As a transitional arrangement for the Rights granted in FY2015 only:
                                                • 50% of issued Rights were tested over a performance period 1 July 2015 to 30 June 2017; and
                                                • 50% of issued Rights were tested over a performance period 1 July 2015 to 30 June 2018.




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Directory
                                                                                        SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                        [46]
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
What level of relative TSR performance is          Rights will only vest where the TSR performance of the Company relative to the selected comparator group
required for the Rights to vest?                   measured over the performance period is at the 51st percentile or above.
                                                   TSR of Sandﬁre relative to comparator group                           Percentage of Rights that vest
                                                   Less than 51st percentile                                             Nil
                                                   51st percentile                                                       50% of rights vest
                                                   Greater than 51st percentile but less than 75th percentile            Between 50% and 100% rights vest
                                                   Greater than 75th percentile                                          100% of rights vest

                                                   The Company employs an independent organisation to calculate the TSR ranking to ensure an objective
                                                   assessment of the relative TSR comparison.
When is the LTI Plan scheduled to be               Refer to the Letter from the Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee for developments for
reviewed by the Board?                             remuneration in FY2019 and beyond.
What happens to Rights granted under               If the Executive’s employment is terminated for cause, or due to resignation, all unvested performance
the LTI Plan when an Executive ceases              rights will lapse, unless the Board determines otherwise. In all other circumstances, unless the Board
employment?                                        decides otherwise, a pro-rata portion of the Executive’s performance rights, calculated in accordance with
                                                   the proportion of the performance period that has elapsed, will remain on foot, subject to the performance
                                                   condition as set by the Board. If and when the performance rights vest, shares will be allocated in accordance
                                                   with the plan rules and any other condition of the grant.
Can Sandﬁre clawback LTI awards?                   In the event of serious misconduct or a material misstatement in the Company’s ﬁnancial statements, the
                                                   Board may:
                                                       • Reset the vesting conditions and/or alter the performance period applying to the award;
                                                       • Deem all awards which have not vested to have lapsed or been forfeited,
                                                       • Deem all or any shares following vesting of an award to have lapsed or been forfeited; and/or
                                                       • Where shares have been allocated to an Executive and have been subsequently sold, require the
                                                         Executive to repay the net proceeds of such as sale.
What happens in the event of a change              In the event of a change in control, the Board will exercise its discretion, and determine the treatment of the
in control?                                        unvested awards which may include a pro-rata vesting.

4.     Executive remuneration outcomes in FY2018
Company performance
A summary of Sandﬁre’s business performance as measured by a range of ﬁnancial and other indicators, including disclosure required by the Corporations
Act 2001, is outlined in the table below.
Table 1 – Company performance A
Measure                                                                        30 Jun 14            30 Jun 15            30 Jun 16            30 Jun 17     30 Jun 18
Net proﬁt ($’000)                                                                 78,158               68,955                  46,370           75,016       120,753
Net proﬁt attributable to equity holders of the parent ($’000)                    78,158               68,955                  47,978           77,510       123,024
Cash and cash equivalents at year end ($’000)                                     57,590              107,154                  66,223          126,743       243,367
Secured bank loan balance at year end ($000)                                   (160,000)            (120,000)             (50,000)                    -              -
Net cash inﬂow from operating activities ($’000)                                 223,035              224,045                 133,896          216,138       244,965
Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                    50.22                44.18                  30.54            49.16         77.85
ASX share price at the end of the year ($)                                           6.22                 5.75                   5.23             5.65          9.16
Dividends per share (cents)                                                            10                   13                    11                18            27
A    Refer to the Operational and Financial Review for commentary on the Group’s results, including underlying performance.




[47]      SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                           Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
STI performance and outcomes for FY2018
In accordance with the procedure set out in Section 3, an assessment was undertaken of the performance of each of the eligible Executive KMP against
their 2017 calendar year (CY) KPIs. The key ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial objectives and targets for the CEO in CY2017, with commentary on achievements are
provided in Table 2 below. The STI award percentages and payments to Executives are presented in Table 3.




                                                                                                                                                           Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Table 2 – Linking reward and performance – CEO performance objectives and outcomes
KPI and weighting
(% of STI)               Objective and Target                   Achievement (assessment period CY 2017)                                        Outcome
Health and Safety        Zero critical incidents.               TRIFR of 4.6 at 31 December 2017, achieving a 27% reduction from CY2016,       Stretch
10%                      Total Recordable Injury                with zero critical incidents.
                         Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
                                                                The focus on improving safety leadership, culture and ensuring our principal
                         Threshold: TRIFR ≤ 6
                                                                hazards are controlled.
                         Target: TRIFR ≤ 5.5
                         Stretch: TRIFR ≤ 5
Operational Excellence   FY2017 Production                      FY2017 production: 67,088t Cu; and 38,623oz Au.                                Target
and Financial Strength   Threshold: > 65kt Cu; 35koz Au         Guidance of 65-68kt of contained copper; and 35-40koz of contained
20%                      Target: > 66.5kt Cu; 37.5koz Au        gold met.
                         Stretch: > 68kt Cu; 40koz Au
                         FY2018 Production guidance             FY2018 production guidance on track.
                         63-66kt of contained copper




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report
                         35-38koz of contained gold
                         FY2017 C1 Cost                         FY2017 C1 cost: US$0.93/lb.
                         Threshold: < US$1.05/lb                Guidance of US$0.95-$1.05/lb bettered.
                         Target: < US$1.00/lb
                         Stretch: < US$0.95/lb
                         FY2018 C1 Cost guidance                FY2018 C1 cost guidance on track.
                         C1 cost US$1.00-$1.05/lb
Exploration and Growth   Evaluates and progresses organic       The Monty Copper Gold Project was approved by the Board for construction       Threshold
20%                      growth opportunities and potential     with site infrastructure works and development of the underground mine
                         new business opportunities, within     signiﬁcantly advanced by 31 Dec 2017.




                                                                                                                                                           Additional ASX Information
                         the framework of the key measures of
                                                                Completed multi-pronged exploration program across greater Doolgunna
                         success of Sandﬁre and actions new
                                                                tenement holding with systematic AC, RC and Diamond drilling.
                         initiatives where appropriate.
                                                                Group JORC Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Statement completed,
                                                                incorporating DeGrussa, Monty, Black Butte, Thaduna, Green Dragon and
                                                                Temora Projects, in October 2017.
                                                                Farm-in agreement signed with Great Western Exploration Ltd, strengthening
                                                                the Group’s land holding at the highly prospective Doolgunna Project.
                                                                Increased ownership of the Black Butte Copper Project located in Montana,
                                                                USA, via the acquisition of a further 16.9% interest in Sandﬁre Resources
                                                                America Inc. in July 2017 and progressed the Project to the ﬁnal stage of
                                                                permitting, commencement of the Environmental Impact Statement (EIS)




                                                                                                                                                           Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
                                                                stage.
                                                                Provided oversight to the Group’s business development function in
                                                                assessing local and international opportunities in base metals and gold
                                                                projects.




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Directory
                                                                                      SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                        [48]
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
Table 2 – Linking reward and performance – CEO performance objectives and outcomes (continued)
KPI and weighting
(% of STI)                  Objective and Target                         Achievement                                                                                 Outcome
People (Culture,            Develops a culture and a                     Leadership effectiveness improved throughout the year through a targeted                    Target
Communication and           participative management style               programme to increase communication effectiveness, including quarterly
General Management)         that embraces company values;                updates and regular site visits; chairing General Management Team
30%                         teamwork; reward for performance;            meetings; and evaluating monthly development and operational performance,
                            regular communication with and               improving general management performance.
                            feedback from all employees.
                                                                         Provided effective leadership to enhance the Company’s strategic plan and
                            Provide leadership, guidance                 detail the Company’s growth and development plan.
                            and directs the exploration,
                                                                         Maintained employee engagement levels and achieved positive outcomes
                            development, operational,
                                                                         in 2017 employee staff survey, identifying opportunities for improvement in
                            marketing and administrative
                                                                         CY2018.
                            activities of the business.
Environmental, Social       Serve as spokesman of the Company            Achieved effective engagement with national and international stakeholders,                 Stretch
and Governance              through contact with stakeholders            reﬁning existing stakeholder engagement practices into a common procedure
20%                         both national and international,             to increase efﬁciency, reporting and outcomes.
                            which are considered integral to the
                                                                         Regular contact with national and international stakeholders.
                            success of Sandﬁre.
                                                                         3-5 year sustainability strategy developed by October 2017, which deﬁned
                            Develop and maintain effective
                                                                         key areas that our business can focus on that will contribute to tackling the
                            business relationships with
                                                                         global sustainability goals.
                            stakeholders through continuous
                            contact and formal presentations.            Lead the development and implementation of effective environmental and
                                                                         social systems for Sandﬁre Resources America Inc. to progress the Black
                            Provide leadership, guidance and
                                                                         Butte Copper Project to commencement of the ﬁnal stage of permitting, the
                            directs environmental, social and
                                                                         Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) stage.
                            governance practices intrinsic to
                            our social license to operate.               Zero critical incidents.

Table 3 – STI award percentage and STI payments to Executive KMP in FY2018
                                                                                      Maximum potential                       Percentage of                   Percentage of
                                                            STI Payment                value of payment                           maximum                    maximum grant
Name                                                                  $                               $                      grant awarded                         forfeited
Karl Simich                                                      255,750                           330,000                            77.5%                             22.5%
Matthew Fitzgerald                                               113,368                           136,691                            83.0%                             17.0%
Robert Klug                                                      111,375                           136,350                            81.7%                             18.3%

LTI Plan awards for FY2018
Table 4 – LTI awards for FY2018
                                                                                                                          Performance and                           Expected
Name                          Grant                           Grant date                Number of Rights                     service period                    Vesting Date B
Karl Simich                  FY2018                            See note A                          116,650      1 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021                          1 Oct 2021
Matthew Fitzgerald           FY2018                         29 Jun 2018                             29,278      1 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021                          1 Oct 2021
Robert Klug                  FY2018                         29 Jun 2018                             29,205      1 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021                          1 Oct 2021
A   Mr Simich will receive 116,650 rights on approval from shareholders at the Company’s AGM scheduled for November 2018.
B   The expected vesting date is the date on which the Board determines the rights vest, based on the extent to which the performance conditions are satisﬁed. This is anticipated
    to occur by no later than 1 October 2021.

LTI Plan vesting outcomes for FY2018
The Company engaged an independent consultant to calculate Sandﬁre’s relative TSR performance with respect to Tranche 1 of the FY2015 award. For the
period 1 July 2015 to 30 June 2017, Sandﬁre achieved a TSR of 10.50%, placing it 14th out of 33 companies in the comparator group, or the 59.4th percentile.
Based on achievement of the service requirement and the relative TSR performance of the Company, 67.5% of the rights granted to Executive KMP met the
vesting conditions, resulting in the issue of ordinary shares in the Company. Details of Rights held by the Executives, including vested awards during the
FY2018, are set out in Table 10.

LTI Plan vesting outcomes subsequent to FY2018
An independent consultant calculated that Sandﬁre achieved a TSR of 84.79% for the performance period 1 July 2015 to 30 June 2018. This ranked Sandﬁre
11th out of 32 peer companies in the comparator group, placing it at the 67.7th percentile. Based on achievement of the service requirement and the relative
TSR performance of the Company, 84.88% of the Rights granted to Executive KMP from Tranche 2 of the FY2015 award vested subsequent to year end.




[49]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
Legacy LTI Plans
The Company last made an award to Executive KMP under the Legacy LTI Plans during FY2014. With the introduction of the LTI Plan during FY2015, no further
awards have been made or are planned under the Legacy LTI Plans. The awards previously issued to Executive KMP expire during FY2019.




                                                                                                                                                                                Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Outstanding awards, including vesting of awards during FY2018, are as follows:
    • The rights previously issued to the CEO under the Long-term Indexed Bonus Plan expire on 15 December 2018 and the test price is $9.71. In accordance
      with the term of the plan, an amount of $906,406 vested to the CEO during FY2018 representing the outcome of testing on 15 June 2018. The amount
      was paid to the CEO subsequent to year end and the outcome recognises the achievement of 54% absolute share price growth from $6.30 since October
      2013 with a $0.60 dividend distribution paid throughout this term. With the exception of vested awards during FY2018, no payments have been made
      to the CEO under the Long-Term Indexed Bonus Plan since FY2013. Details of the rights held by the CEO are set out in Table 12 of the Renumeration
      Report.
    • The options previously issued to the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer under the Long-term Incentive Option Plan expire on 15 July
      2018, with exercise prices ranging from $7.60 to $10.00. Details of option conversions subsequent to the end of the ﬁnancial year are noted in Table 13
      of the Remuneration Report.
The key terms and conditions of the plans, are outlined below.
The Long-term Indexed Bonus Plan was created to align Executive Director rewards with shareholder value creation and was provided as a grant of conditional
rights. Rights vest in three equal tranches and are all premium priced. The participant realises value from the rights if the share price exceeds the initial
notional value (INV) on the initial vesting date or a subsequent higher test price on re-testing. Where the participant realises value at any of the test dates, the
holder of the award receives, at the Company’s discretion, either cash, or subject to any shareholder approval required under the Corporations Act 2001 and the
ASX Listing Rules, ordinary shares in the Company for the difference between the 5-day volume weighted average ASX price of underlying Company shares prior




                                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report
to the vesting/testing date and the INV/test price. Once vested, the rights are tested twice a year on 15 June and 15 December until expiry.
The Long-term Incentive Option Plan was created to align executive awards with shareholder value and was provided as a grant of options over ordinary
shares. The options vest in three equal tranches after 1, 2 and 3 years, with an exercise price for the three tranches set at a 20%, 40% and 60% premium to
the 5-day volume weighted average share price prior to the date of grant.
For rights and options issued under the legacy LTI plans, the Board imposed service based vesting conditions to encourage retention. There was also the
challenging market performance hurdle related to share price growth inherent in the INV and exercise price.

5      Executive KMP contracts
Remuneration arrangements for Executive KMP are formalised in employment agreements or service contracts (contract). The following table outlines the key
terms of the contracts with Executives.
Table 5 – Executive KMP key contract provisions




                                                                                                                                                                                Additional ASX Information
                                                 Notice period             Notice period
Name                      Term of contract       from the Company A        from the KMP       Treatment of STI and LTI upon termination
Karl Simich               Rolling service        12 months                 6 months           STI payments may be paid on a pro-rata basis or may be forfeited at
                          contract with                                                       the discretion of the Company.
                          Resource
                                                                                              Rights (LTI Plan): Refer to section 3.
                          Development
                          Company Pty Ltd                                                     Rights (Legacy LTI Plan): Where Mr Simich terminates his engagement
                                                                                              with the Group prior to vesting of his awards, all outstanding rights
                                                                                              will expire and cease to carry any rights or beneﬁts. Where the Group
                                                                                              initiates the termination for reasons other than serious misconduct,
                                                                                              the rights will continue to vest for 180 days following the end of the
                                                                                              required notice period, with the ﬁnal vesting date to be the earlier of




                                                                                                                                                                                Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
                                                                                              the date on which the 180 day notice period expires or the ﬁnal Rights
                                                                                              testing date.
Matthew Fitzgerald        Ongoing                6 months                  6 months           STI payments may be paid on a pro-rata basis or may be forfeited at
                          employment                                                          the discretion of the Company.
                          agreement
                                                                                              Rights (LTI Plan): Refer to section 3.
Robert Klug               Ongoing                6 months                  3 months
                          employment
                          agreement
A    With teh exception of vested awards during FY2018, no payments have been made to the CEO under the Long-Term Indexed Bonus Plan since FY2013. Details of the rights held
     by the CEO are set out in Table 12 of the Remuneration Report

Termination payments
The Company did not make any termination payments to KMP during the FY2018.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Directory
                                                                                                SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                [50]
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
6       Executive KMP remuneration tables
Executive KMP remuneration tables
The actual remuneration earned by Executive KMP in FY2018 is set out below. This information is considered to be relevant as it provides shareholders with
a view of the remuneration actually paid to Executives for performance in FY2018. The value of remuneration includes equity grants where the Executive
received control of the shares in FY2018 and differs from the remuneration disclosures in Table 7, which discloses the value of LTI grants which may or may
not vest in future years. This table discloses the value of LTI grants from previous years which have vested in FY2018.
Table 6 – Executive KMP actual remuneration earned in FY2018
                                                   Salary            Beneﬁts and               Short-term                   LTI Plan        Legacy LTI Plan               Total actual
                                                and fees A            allowances               Incentive B                   rights C              rights D             remuneration
Name                                                    $                      $                        $                          $                      $                          $
Karl Simich                                     1,100,000                  84,000                 255,750                   476,536               906,406                  2,822,692
                  E
Richard Beazley                                   414,100                         -                        -                       -                        -                414,100
Matthew Fitzgerald                                455,636                         -               113,368                   117,260                         -                686,264
Robert Klug                                       454,500                         -               111,375                   108,116                         -                673,991
              F
Martin Reed                                         90,350                        -                        -                       -                        -                 90,350
A   Salary and fees comprise base salary, superannuation and leave entitlements. It reﬂects the total of “salary and fees” and “superannuation” in the statutory remuneration
    table.
B   Short-term incentive represents the amount that the executives earned in the ﬁnancial year based on achievement of KPIs in accordance with the STI Plan. It includes the
    entire bonus irrespective of whether it was delivered as cash or superannuation. It reﬂects the same ﬁgures that are disclosed in the statutory remuneration table under “STI
    payments”.
C   This refers to LTI Plan rights granted in prior years that have vested in the current year. The value is calculated using the closing share price of company shares on the vesting
    date. The 2018 ﬁgures reﬂect the relative performance of Tranche 1 of the LTI that was granted in FY2015 and that operated over the performance period 1 July 2015 to 30
    June 2017 and represents the fair value at vesting date. This differs from the amount disclosed in the statutory remuneration table.
D   Represents the vesting of rights issued under the Long-Term Indexed Bonus Plan (Legacy Plan) during FY2018.
E   Mr Beazley was appointed to the position of Chief Operating Ofﬁcer on 4 September 2017 on a contract basis and does not participate in the Company’s STI or LTI plans.
F   Mr Reed resigned on 4 September 2017. Mr Reed did not participate in the Company’s STI or LTI plans.

Statutory Executive KMP remuneration
Table 7 sets out Executive KMP remuneration calculated in accordance with statutory accounting requirements.
Table 7 – Statutory Executive KMP remuneration
                                                                           Long-term  Post-
                                       Short-term beneﬁts                   beneﬁts employment                 Share-based payments
                                  Salary Beneﬁts and      STI Long service                     Super-            LTI Plan Legacy LTI Termination                         Performance
                                  & fees allowancesA paymentB        leave                  annuation              rights Plan rights payments                  Total          related
Name                                   $           $       $             $                          $                   $           $          $                    $               %
Current Executives
Karl Simich           2018 1,100,000              84,000      255,750                  -               -         542,961 1,139,572                 -       3,122,283            62.08
                      2017 1,100,000                   -      259,930                  -               -         605,517  (16,814)                 -       1,948,633            43.55
Richard Beazley D     2018      414,100                  -             -               -               -                -               -          -        414,100                  -
Matthew Fitzgerald 2018         435,636                  -    113,368           34,169          20,000           130,859                -          -        734,032             33.27
                   2017         431,125                  -    111,653           26,185          20,000           106,174                -          -        695,137             31.34
Robert Klug           2018      415,068                  -    111,375           25,231          39,432           124,438                -          -        715,544             32.96
                      2017      395,411                  -    102,947           28,851          37,564            97,897                -          -        662,670             30.31

Former Executives
Martin Reed E         2018       90,350                  -             -               -               -                -               -              -     90,350                  -
                      2017      446,834                  -             -               -               -                -               -              -    446,834                  -
Michael               2017      117,786                  -             -               -          7,038          (78,396)               -    305,555        351,983                N/A
Spreadborough
Total                 2018 2,455,154              84,000      480,493           59,400          59,432           798,258 1,139,572                 - 5,076,309                  47.64
                      2017 2,491,156                   -      474,530           55,036          64,602           731,192  (16,814)           305,555 4,105,257                    N/A
A   Beneﬁts and allowances include the value of travel allowance paid to Mr Simich to recognise the increased travel required to support the Group’s evolving nature of its
    business.
B   Includes amounts that were earned and paid in the ﬁnancial year based on achievement of KPIs in accordance with the STI Plan. It includes the entire amount, irrespective of
    whether it was delivered as cash or superannuation. No amounts vest in future ﬁnancial years in respect of the STI Pan.
C   Includes $906,406 payable to Mr Simich, representing the vesting of rights issued under the Long-Term Indexed Bonus Plan (Legacy LTI Plan) during FY2018. The amount also
    includes a balance of $233,166 relating to adjustments arising from the valuation of rights issued under the legacy LTI Plan valued in accordance with AASB 2.
D   Mr Beazley was appointed to the position of Chief Operating Ofﬁcer on 4 September 2017 and his salary and fees are paid to Altair Mining Consultancy Pty Ltd. Mr Beazley
    does not participate in the Company’s STI or LTI plans.
E   Mr Reed resigned from his position of Interim Chief Operating Ofﬁcer on 4 September 2017 and his salary and fees were paid to Pilot Hole Pty Ltd. Mr Reed did not participate
    in the Company’s STI or LTI plans.


[51]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                      Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
7       Non-executive Director remuneration
NED remuneration policy and fee structure
Sandﬁre’s NED remuneration policy is designed to attract and retain suitably skilled Directors who can discharge the roles and responsibilities required




                                                                                                                                                                      Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
in terms of good governance, oversight, independence and objectivity. The Board seeks to attract Directors with different skills, experience, expertise and
diversity.
Under the Company’s Constitution and the ASX Listing Rules, the total annual fee pool for NEDs is determined by shareholders. The current maximum
aggregate NED fee pool of $750,000 per annum was approved by shareholders at the 2013 AGM. Within this aggregate amount, NED fees are reviewed
annually by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee (Committee), and set by the Board. The Committee reviews NED fees against comparable
companies within the broader general industry and taking into account recommendations from an independent remuneration consultant. Sandﬁre has set the
baseline TFR benchmark for NEDs at the 75th percentile of the deﬁned market.
The table below summarises the annual Board and committee fees payable to NEDs (inclusive of superannuation).
Table 8 – NED fee structure
                                       Role                                           FY2018                       FY2017
Board fees                             Chairman                                     $220,000                      $190,000
                                       Non-Executive Director                       $110,000                       $95,000
Committee fees                         Chair                                         $20,000                       $20,000
                                       Member                                              Nil                         Nil




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report
The payment of Chair committee fees recognises the additional time commitment required by NEDs who serve in those positions. The Chairman of the Board
does not receive additional fees for being a member of any Board committee. NEDs do not receive retirement or termination beneﬁts and do not participate in
any incentive plans.
Base fees for NEDs were increased from 1 March 2018 by 15.8% to recognise the increased complexity of the Group and Board and committee requirements.
The increase aligns fees to Sandﬁre’s targeted upper quartile market position with relevant industry comparators and recognises no change to NED fees since
1 January 2014.

Statutory NED fee disclosures
Table 9 – Statutory NED remuneration
                                                                       Short-term beneﬁts                            Post-employment
                                     Financial                     Salary & fees                        Other                Superannuation                   Total




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional ASX Information
Name                                    year                                   $                            $                             $                       $
Current NEDs
Derek La Ferla                          2018                            182,648                              -                      17,352             200,000
                                        2017                            177,637                              -                      12,363             190,000
Robert Scott                            2018                            115,011                              -                       4,989             120,000
                                        2017                            110,011                              -                       4,989             115,000
Paul Hallam                             2018                            109,589                              -                      10,411             120,000
                                        2017                            114,617                              -                      10,447             125,064
Maree Arnason                           2018                            109,589                              -                      10,411             120,000
                                        2017                             95,890                              -                       9,110             105,000
                                                                                                             -




                                                                                                                                                                      Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
Roric Smith A                           2018                              91,324                                                     8,676             100,000
                                        2017                              43,612                             -                       4,143              47,755
Former NEDs
W John Evans A                          2017                              57,500                      32,500                              -              90,000
Total                                   2018                            608,161                            -                        51,839             660,000
                                        2017                            599,267                       32,500                        41,052             672,819
A    Mr Smith was appointed as Director on 31 December 2016; Mr Evans resigned as Director on 31 December 2016.




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Directory
                                                                                                 SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   [52]
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
8      Equity instrument reporting
Rights holdings of KMP
The following table sets out details of movements in performance rights (Rights) held by Executive KMP, issued under the LTI Plan explained in section 3.
Table 10 – Executive KMP Rights - LTI Plan
                                 Balance at                                                                    Balance at                                          Value of
Name                               1 Jul 17                Granted           Vested C           Lapsed D        30 Jun 18                Unvested         unvested Rights E
                                                       A
Karl Simich                         467,859                196,198          (84,944)            (40,898)           538,215                538,215                $2,035,652
                                                           B
Matthew Fitzgerald                  163,404                    29,278       (20,902)            (10,064)           161,716                161,716                   $560,197
                                                           B
Robert Klug                         154,306                    29,205       (19,272)             (9,279)           154,960                154,960                   $540,726
A   This relates to the FY2017 award of Rights to Mr Simich granted on the approval from shareholders at the Company’s AGM held 29 November 2017. If the vesting conditions
    are achieved, these Rights will vest in FY2021.
B   This relates to the FY2018 award of Rights. If the vesting conditions are achieved, these Rights will vest in FY2022.
C   This relates to Tranche 1 of the FY2015 award of Rights of which 67.5% vested. Executive KMP received one Sandﬁre share for each Right that vested and the value of Rights
    that vested amounted to $701,912. The value is calculated using the closing share price of company shares on the vesting date.
D   This related to Tranche 1 of the FY2015 award of Rights of which 32.5% lapsed.
E   This is based on the fair value, at grant date, of rights that have yet to vest.

The Rights on foot, including those granted as part of the FY2018 LTI award are detailed in the table below. Should the Rights not vest, the award will expire
at vesting date.
Table 11 – Rights on foot – LTI Plan
                                                                                Number of          Fair value of                     Performance and                Expected
Name                                  Grant                Grant date              Rights                Right A                        service period         Vesting Date B
Karl Simich                         FY2018        See comment C                    116,650                  N/A              1 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021            1 Oct 2021
                                    FY2017            29 Nov 2017                  196,198                 $3.61             1 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020            1 Oct 2020
                                    FY2016            18 Nov 2016                  216,174                 $3.87             1 Jul 2016 to 30 Jun 2019            1 Oct 2019
                                    FY2015            18 Nov 2015                  125,842                 $3.90             1 Jul 2015 to 30 Jun 2018            1 Oct 2018
Matthew Fitzgerald                  FY2018            29 Jun 2018                      29,278              $5.38             1 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021            1 Oct 2021
                                    FY2017            30 Jun 2017                      48,278              $3.38             1 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020            1 Oct 2020
                                    FY2016            30 Jun 2016                      53,194              $2.89             1 Jul 2016 to 30 Jun 2019            1 Oct 2019
                                    FY2015            20 Apr 2015                      30,966              $2.77             1 Jul 2015 to 30 Jun 2018            1 Oct 2018
Robert Klug                         FY2018            29 Jun 2018                      29,205              $5.38             1 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021            1 Oct 2021
                                    FY2017            30 Jun 2017                      48,158              $3.38             1 Jul 2017 to 30 Jun 2020            1 Oct 2020
                                    FY2016            30 Jun 2016                      49,046              $2.89             1 Jul 2016 to 30 Jun 2019            1 Oct 2019
                                    FY2015            20 Apr 2015                      28,551              $2.77             1 Jul 2015 to 30 Jun 2018            1 Oct 2018
A   The fair value of Rights is calculated at the date of grant using the Monte Carlo Simulation model and recognised over the period in which the minimum service conditions are
    fulﬁlled (the vesting period). The fair value is not related to or indicative of the beneﬁt (if any) that the individual KMP may in fact receive.
B   The expected vesting date is the date on which the Board determines the Rights vest, based on the extent to which the performance conditions are satisﬁed. This is
    anticipated to occur by no later than 1 October of each year.
C   In accordance with the terms of the LTI plan and the FY2018 award under the plan, Mr Simich will be granted 116,650 Rights on approval from shareholders at the Company’s
    AGM scheduled to occur during November 2018.




[53]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
The following table sets out details of the performance rights held by the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, issued under the Long-term Indexed Bonus Plan (Legacy LTI
Plan).
Table 12 – Chief Executive Ofﬁcer rights – Legacy LTI Plan




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                                                                                                       Details of rights tested during the year C

                                                               B
                                                                INV/                                                       15 Dec 17                                     15 Jun 18
                                                    A
                 Balance at                         Fair        Test       Initial                                    Share                                 Share
                  30 Jun 18       Grant Date       value       price vesting date       Expiry date Number             price         INV         ($)         price           INV           ($)
Karl Simich         200,000      14 Oct 2013       $0.75 $9.71        15 Jun 2015 15 Dec 2018 200,000                 $6.34        $7.08           -        $9.71          $7.00       542,135
                    200,000      14 Oct 2013       $0.75 $9.71        15 Jun 2016 15 Dec 2018 200,000                 $6.34        $8.28           -        $9.71          $8.20       302,135
                    200,000      14 Oct 2013       $0.75 $9.71        15 Jun 2017 15 Dec 2018 200,000                 $6.34        $9.48           -        $9.71          $9.40        62,136
Total               600,000                                                                                                                        -                                   906,406
A   The fair value of the rights is calculated at the reporting date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
B   The INV/Test price of the rights as at 30 June 2018 represents the highest Test price ($9.71) at a previous test date (15 June 2018).
C   Once vested, rights are tested twice a year on 15 December and 15 June until expiry date. The participant realises value from the rights if the share price, represented by the
    5-day volume weighted average ASX price of underlying Company shares prior to the testing date, exceeds the INV on the initial vesting date or a subsequent higher Test price
    on re-testing. In accordance with the plan rules, the INV has been reduced for the amount of dividends paid during the period.

Option holdings of KMP




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
The following table sets out details of movements in options held by Executive KMP, issued under the Long-term Incentive Option Plan (Legacy LTI Plan).
Table 13 – Executive KMP option holdings
                        Balance at 1 Jul 17                                                                             Balance at 30 Jun 18                   Number of options
                                                          Fair value                                                                                      vested exercised lapsed
                       Vested and                      per option at Exercise                     Expiry      Vesting Vested and                          during during during
Name                   exercisable Unvested Grant date grant date A     price                      date          date exercisable          Unvested     the year the year the year
                          B
Matthew Fitzgerald            70,000           -        14 Oct 13        $1.08        $7.60 15 Jul 18 30 Sep 14                70,000             -                  -             -        -
                          B
                              70,000           -        14 Oct 13        $1.17        $8.80 15 Jul 18 30 Sep 15                70,000             -                  -             -        -
                              70,000           -        14 Oct 13        $1.28       $10.00 15 Jul 18 30 Sep 16                70,000             -                  -             -        -




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional ASX Information
Robert Klug               B
                              70,000           -        14 Oct 13        $1.08        $7.60 15 Jul 18 30 Sep 14                70,000             -                  -             -        -
                          B
                              70,000           -        14 Oct 13        $1.17        $8.80 15 Jul 18 30 Sep 15                70,000             -                  -             -        -
                              70,000           -        14 Oct 13        $1.28       $10.00 15 Jul 18 30 Sep 16                70,000             -                  -             -        -
A   Each option carries the right to subscribe for one fully paid ordinary share in Sandﬁre. Options do not carry any voting or dividend rights and can only be exercised until the
    expiry date. There have been no alterations to the terms and conditions of the options awarded as remuneration since their award date.
B   These options were exercised to ordinary fully paid shares subsequent to the end of the ﬁnancial year.

Shareholdings of KMP
The following table sets out the movements in the number of ordinary shares in the Company held, directly, indirectly or beneﬁcially, by each KMP, including
their related parties.
Table 14 – KMP shareholdings




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
                                             Balance at                                                                                     Balance at
Name                                           1 Jul 17              Purchases                  Vested                   Sales               30 Jun 18
Derek La Ferla                                     21,668                        -                     -                       -                21,668
Robert Scott                                        5,000                        -                     -                       -                 5,000
Karl Simich                                   5,009,735                          -              84,944               (200,000)              4,894,679
Matthew Fitzgerald                                         -                     -              20,902                (20,902)                          -
Robert Klug                                             500                      -              19,272                (19,272)                        500




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Directory
                                                                                                     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                             [54]
Directors’ Report

Remuneration report (continued)
9       Other transactions and balances with KMP and their related parties
Certain KMP as listed below, or their related parties, hold positions in other entities that result in them having control or signiﬁcant inﬂuence of those
entities. The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions. There have been no
guarantees provided or received for any related party receivables or payables. The Company’s related party transactions with Resource Development
Company Pty Ltd and Tongaat Pty Ltd have existed since Sandﬁre Resources NL was a junior exploration company and relate to the provision of corporate
administrative, clerical and accounting services and the provision of corporate ofﬁce parking.
Table 15 – Other transactions with KMP and their related entities
                                                                                                                Transaction value       Balance outstanding
                                                                                                                     30 Jun 2018                30 Jun 2018
KMP and their Director related entity                Transaction                                                                $                         $
Karl Simich                                          Lease of corporate ofﬁce                                               9,600                            -
Tongaat Pty Ltd                                      parking premises
Karl Simich                                          Lease of corporate ofﬁce                                               9,300                            -
Resource Development Company Pty Ltd                 parking premises
Karl Simich                                          Corporate administrative                                             716,877                            -
Resource Development Company Pty Ltd                 and ﬁnancial services
                                                                                                                          735,777                            -




Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




Derek La Ferla                                                             Karl Simich
Non-Executive Chairman                                                     Managing Director and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer


West Perth, 29 August 2018




[55]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                    Sustainability
Consolidated Income Statement
For the Year Ended 30 June 2018

                                                                                                          2018              2017
                                                                                               Note       $000              $000
Sales revenue                                                                                   4      596,242          513,153
Realised and unrealised price adjustment gain                                                   4       10,470           19,395




                                                                                                                                    Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Other income                                                                                               836              2,138
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods and work in progress                                             8,123           (3,883)
Mine operations costs                                                                                 (125,452)        (115,533)
Employee beneﬁt expenses                                                                        5      (40,709)         (45,245)
Freight, treatment and reﬁning expenses                                                                (77,467)         (84,182)
Royalties expense                                                                                      (29,896)         (24,625)
Exploration and evaluation expenses                                                                    (31,977)         (23,208)
Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                         19     (130,311)        (117,321)
Impairment expense                                                                             20             -             (360)
Administrative expenses                                                                                 (6,094)          (6,157)
Proﬁt before net ﬁnance income (expense) and income tax expense                                        173,765          114,172




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report
Finance income                                                                                  6        3,297              1,392
Finance expense                                                                                 6       (1,521)          (5,160)
Net ﬁnance income (expense)                                                                              1,776           (3,768)
Proﬁt before income tax expense                                                                        175,541          110,404


Income tax expense                                                                              7      (54,788)         (35,388)
Net proﬁt for the year                                                                                 120,753           75,016


Attributable to:




                                                                                                                                    Additional ASX Information
Equity holders of the parent                                                                           123,024           77,510
Non-controlling interests                                                                               (2,271)          (2,494)
                                                                                                       120,753           75,016


Earnings per share (EPS):
Basic EPS attributable to ordinary equity holders (cents)                                       8        77.85              49.16
Diluted EPS attributable to ordinary equity holders (cents)                                     8        77.85              49.16

The consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                    Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Directory
                                                                                    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018   [56]
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
For the Year Ended 30 June 2018

                                                                                                                        2018      2017
                                                                                                                        $000      $000
Net proﬁt for the year                                                                                                120,753   75,016


Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss in subsequent periods:
Foreign currency translation differences, net of income tax                                                              314     (381)
Changes in fair value of available-for-sale ﬁnancial assets, net of income tax                                          2,412       52
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                                     2,726    (329)


Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                                   123,479   74,687


Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent                                                                                          125,733   77,175
Non-controlling interests                                                                                             (2,254)   (2,488)
                                                                                                                      123,479   74,687

The consolidated statement of other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




[57]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                     Sustainability
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at 30 June 2018

                                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                            Note          $000               $000
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    9          243,367          126,743




                                                                                                                                     Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Trade and other receivables                                                                 16           13,773           15,970
Inventories                                                                                 17           33,961           26,473
Other current assets                                                                                      2,680              3,006
Total current assets                                                                                    293,781          172,192
Receivables                                                                                                465                   -
Inventories                                                                                 17           11,698           11,698
Exploration and evaluation assets                                                           18           24,410           21,852
Property, plant and equipment                                                               19          330,619          369,016
Financial investments                                                                                     9,925              1,151
Total non-current assets                                                                                377,117          403,717
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                            670,898          575,909




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report
LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables                                                                    10           39,898           35,478
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                12            1,611              1,567
Income tax payable                                                                           7           31,203           20,460
Provisions                                                                                  27            4,255              3,352
Total current liabilities                                                                                76,967           60,857
Trade and other payables                                                                    10                -                97
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                12             239                210
Provisions                                                                                  27           29,467           24,534




                                                                                                                                     Additional ASX Information
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     7           32,174           48,361
Total non-current liabilities                                                                            61,880           73,202
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                                       138,847          134,059


NET ASSETS                                                                                              532,051          441,850


EQUITY
Issued capital                                                                              11          235,415          230,733
Reserves                                                                                    11             543               2,938




                                                                                                                                     Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
Retained proﬁts                                                                                         292,958          203,110
Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                     528,916          436,781
Non-Controlling interest                                                                                  3,135              5,069
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                            532,051          441,850

The consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Directory
                                                                                     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018   [58]
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Year Ended 30 June 2018

                                                                                Foreign
                                                                               currency                                               Non-
                                                                  Issued    translation    Retained          Other              controlling
                                                                  capital       reserve      proﬁts      reserves*      Total      Interest Total equity
                                                     Note           $000          $000        $000           $000       $000          $000         $000
At 1 July 2017                                                  230,733             28      203,110         2,910    436,781        5,069       441,850
Proﬁt for the period                                                    -             -     123,024              -   123,024       (2,271)     120,753
Other comprehensive income                                              -          297               -      2,412      2,709            17        2,726
Total comprehensive income for the period                               -          297      123,024         2,412    125,733       (2,254)      123,479


Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Issue of shares, net of transaction costs and tax                  1,500              -              -           -     1,500             -        1,500
Issues of shares under employee awards                             3,182              -              -      (935)      2,247             -        2,247
Share based payments                                                    -             -              -      1,174      1,174            22        1,196
Dividends                                             15                -             -     (33,176)             -   (33,176)            -     (33,176)
Acquisition of shares in controlled entity                              -             -              -     (5,343)    (5,343)      (2,107)      (7,450)
Rights issue in controlled entity                                       -             -              -           -          -       2,405         2,405
At 30 June 2018                                                  235,415           325      292,958           218    528,916         3,135      532,051

* Other reserves consists of share based payments reserve; fair value reserve and equity reserve.

                                                                                Foreign
                                                                               currency                                               Non-
                                                                  Issued    translation    Retained          Other              controlling
                                                                  capital       reserve      proﬁts      reserves*      Total      Interest Total equity
                                                     Note           $000          $000        $000           $000       $000          $000         $000
At 1 July 2016                                                  228,014            415      147,602         1,954    377,985        5,623       383,608


Proﬁt for the period                                                    -             -      77,510              -    77,510       (2,494)       75,016
Other comprehensive income                                              -        (387)               -         52      (335)             6        (329)
Total comprehensive income for the period                               -        (387)       77,510            52     77,175       (2,488)       74,687


Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Issue of shares, net of transaction costs and tax                  2,719              -              -           -     2,719          (44)        2,675
Share based payments                                                    -             -             76      1,005      1,081            58        1,139
Dividends                                             15                -             -     (22,078)             -   (22,078)            -     (22,078)
Rights issue in controlled entity                                       -             -              -      (101)      (101)        1,920         1,819
At 30 June 2017                                                  230,733            28      203,110         2,910    436,781         5,069      441,850

* Other reserves consists of share based payments reserve and equity reserve.
The consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




[59]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                     Sustainability
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended 30 June 2018

                                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                            Note           $000              $000
Cash ﬂows from operating activities
Cash receipts                                                                                           608,907          534,773




                                                                                                                                     Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Cash paid to suppliers and employees                                                                   (265,782)        (260,264)
Income tax paid                                                                                         (61,259)         (27,607)
Payments for exploration and evaluation                                                                 (39,607)         (32,156)
Interest received                                                                                         2,706              1,392
Net cash inﬂow from operating activities                                                      9         244,965          216,138


Cash ﬂows from investing activities
Payments for exploration and evaluation assets                                                             (804)             (159)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                         705               209
Payments for plant and equipment, including assets under construction                                   (22,780)         (23,054)
Payments for mine properties                                                                            (64,695)         (59,932)
Payments for investments                                                                                (11,924)             (148)




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report
Security deposits and bonds                                                                                  10                14
Net cash outﬂow from investing activities                                                               (99,488)         (83,070)


Cash ﬂows from ﬁnancing activities
Net proceeds from share issue in controlled entity – Sandﬁre America                                      2,405              1,819
Proceeds from exercise of options                                                                         2,268                  -
Share issue costs                                                                                           (95)             (129)
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                        -         (50,000)
Repayment of ﬁnance lease liabilities                                                                      (228)             (626)




                                                                                                                                     Additional ASX Information
Interest and other costs of ﬁnance paid                                                                     (77)          (1,180)
Cash dividend paid to equity holders                                                                    (33,176)         (22,308)
Net cash outﬂow from ﬁnancing activities                                                                (28,903)         (72,424)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                               116,574           60,644
Net foreign exchange differences                                                                             50              (124)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                126,743           66,223
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                            9         243,367          126,743

The consolidated statement of cash ﬂows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                     Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Directory
                                                                                     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018   [60]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Index – notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Corporate information and basis of preparation
1             Corporate information                                                   Page 62
2             Basis of preparation                                                    Page 62


Segment information
3             Segment information                                                     Page 64


Results for the year
4             Sales revenue                                                           Page 66
5             Expenses                                                                Page 67
6             Finance income and ﬁnance expenses                                      Page 67
7             Income tax                                                              Page 67
8             Earnings per share (EPS)                                                Page 70


Capital and debt structure
9             Cash and cash equivalents                                               Page 71
10            Trade and other payables                                                Page 72
11            Issued capital and reserves                                             Page 73
12            Interest bearing liabilities                                            Page 73
13            Financial risk management objectives and policies                       Page 73
14            Fair value measurement                                                  Page 75
15            Dividends paid and proposed                                             Page 76


Invested capital
16            Trade and other receivables                                             Page 77
17            Inventories                                                             Page 77
18            Exploration and evaluation assets                                       Page 78
19            Property, plant and equipment                                           Page 78
20            Impairment of non-ﬁnancial assets                                       Page 80
21            Commitments                                                             Page 80


Group structure and related party information
23            Information relating to Sandﬁre Resources NL (the Parent)               Page 82
24            Information relating to subsidiaries                                    Page 82
25            Other interests                                                         Page 82
26            Related party disclosures                                               Page 83


Other notes
27            Share-based payments                                                    Page 84
28            Provisions                                                              Page 86
29            Signiﬁcant events after the reporting date                              Page 87
30            Accounting standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective   Page 88
31            Auditor’s remuneration                                                  Page 91




[61]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                   Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Group information and basis of preparation
1          Corporate information
Sandﬁre Resources NL is a for proﬁt company incorporated in Australia whose shares are publicly traded on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX). The
consolidated ﬁnancial statements of Sandﬁre Resources NL incorporate Sandﬁre Resources NL (the Parent) as well as its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group)




                                                                                                                                                                   Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
as outlined in Note 23. The ﬁnancial statements of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2018 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the
Directors on 29 August 2018.
The nature of the Group’s operations and principal activities are described in the Directors’ report. Information on the Group’s structure is provided in Note
23. Information on other related party relationships of the Group is provided in Note 25.

2          Basis of preparation and other signiﬁcant accounting policies
The ﬁnancial report is a general purpose ﬁnancial report, which has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001,
Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board. The ﬁnancial report also complies
with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
The ﬁnancial report has been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for trade receivables, cash-settled share-based payments and available-for-sale
(AFS) investments which have been measured at fair value.
The ﬁnancial report is presented in Australian dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars ($000) unless otherwise stated.
The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous ﬁnancial year and corresponding reporting period except for the adoption of the
new standards and amendments which became mandatory for the ﬁrst time this reporting period commencing 1 July 2017. The adoption of these standards
and amendments did not result in a material adjustment to the amounts or disclosures in the current or prior year. The Group has not early adopted any other




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective.

(a)     Key estimates and judgements
The preparation of the Group’s consolidated ﬁnancial statement requires management to make judgments in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
policies and estimates that effect the reported amounts of revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities. Judgements and estimates which are material to the
ﬁnancial report are found in the following notes.


    Note                               Key estimate or judgement

    Note 4      Sales revenue          • Price adjustment for estimate of concentrate speciﬁcations.
                                       • Fair value of receivables is based on the closing forward LME metal price.

    Note 7      Income tax             • The recognition of deferred tax asset depends on the probability of future taxable proﬁts.




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional ASX Information
    Note 14     Fair value             • Where the fair value of an instrument is not determinable with reference to active market prices, an alternative
                measurement              valuation technique is used to estimate the fair value of the instrument.

    Note 18     Exploration and        • The application of the Group’s accounting policy for exploration and evaluation assets requires judgment to
                evaluation assets        determine whether future economic beneﬁts are likely from either future exploitation or sale.

    Note 20     Impairment of          • The recoverable amount of Mine Properties is dependent on the Group’s estimate of ore reserves that can be
                non-ﬁnancial assets      commercially extracted.

    Note 27     Provisions             • Rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling provisions are reassessed at the end of each reporting period. The
                                         estimated costs include judgement regarding the Group’s expectation of the level of rehabilitation activities that
                                         will be undertaken, technological changes, regulatory obligations, cost inﬂation and discount rates.




                                                                                                                                                                   Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
(b)    Basis of consolidation and business combinations
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements comprise the ﬁnancial statements of Sandﬁre Resources NL and its subsidiaries it controls (as outlined in Note 23).
Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those
returns through its power over the investee. Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. To support this presumption,
and when the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in
assessing whether it has power over an investee.
The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements
of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.
Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements from
the date the Group gains control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
The proﬁt or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the parent of the Group and to the non-
controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deﬁcit balance. When necessary, adjustments are made to the ﬁnancial
statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity,
income, expenses and cash ﬂows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated on consolidation.




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Directory
A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction. If the Group loses control over a
subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, non-controlling interest and other components of equity while any resultant
gain or loss is recognised in proﬁt or loss. Any investment retained is recognised at fair value.




                                                                                          SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                           [62]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2         Basis of preparation (continued)
(b)    Basis of consolidation and business combinations (continued)
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration
transferred, which is measured at acquisition date fair value, and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree. For each business
combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s
identiﬁable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses.
If the business combination is achieved in stages, any previously held equity interest is re-measured at its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain
or loss is recognised in proﬁt or loss.
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classiﬁed as
an asset or liability that is a ﬁnancial instrument and within the scope of AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, is measured at
fair value with the changes in fair value recognised in the income statement.
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount recognised for non-controlling
interests, and any previous interest held, over the fair value of the net identiﬁable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets
acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group re-assesses whether it has correctly identiﬁed all of the assets acquired and all of
the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognised at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in
an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognised in proﬁt or loss.

(c)      Foreign currencies
Functional and presentation currency
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements are presented in Australian dollars. Items included in the ﬁnancial statements of each entity in the Group are
measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates, the ‘functional currency’. The functional currency of Sandﬁre
Resources NL is Australian dollars ($).

Transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Group’s entities at their respective functional currency spot rates at the date the transaction
ﬁrst qualiﬁes for recognition.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency spot rates of exchange at the reporting date.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the income statement.
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate as at the date of the initial
transaction.

Group companies
On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of any foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars at the rate of exchange prevailing at the
reporting date and their income statements are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. The exchange differences arising
on translation for consolidation purposes are recognised in OCI. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of OCI relating to that particular foreign
operation is recognised in proﬁt or loss.
Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities on the
acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the spot rate of exchange at the reporting date.

(d)   Goods and services taxes (GST)
Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST, except:
      • When the GST incurred on a purchase of goods and services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case the GST is recognised as part
        of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable;
      • When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of GST included.
The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the balance sheet.
Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of the amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority.
Cash ﬂows are included in the statement of cash ﬂows on a gross basis and the GST component of cash ﬂows arising from investing and ﬁnancing activities,
which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is classiﬁed as part of operating cash ﬂows.

(e)    Other accounting policies
Signiﬁcant and other accounting policies that summarise the measurement basis used and are relevant in understanding of the ﬁnancial statements are
provided throughout the notes to the ﬁnancial statements.




[63]       SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Segment Information
This section contains information which will help users understand how the Group’s operating segments are organised, with each segment representing a
strategic business.

3        Segment information




                                                                                                                                                                 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
An operating segment is a component of the Group that engage in business activities from which it may earn revenue and incur expenditure and about which
separate ﬁnancial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the Group’s chief operating decision makers (CODM) in deciding how to allocate
resources and in assessing performance.
Operating segments have been identiﬁed based on the information provided to the chief operating decision makers, being the executive management team
and the Board of Directors. The Group has the following operating segments:

    Segment name                       Description
    DeGrussa Copper Mine               This segment consists of the DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine located in the Bryah Basin mineral province of Western
                                       Australia, approximately 900 kilometres north-east of Perth and 150 kilometres north of Meekatharra. The DeGrussa
                                       Copper-Gold Mine generates revenue from the sale of copper-gold concentrate to customers in Asia.
    Exploration and evaluation         This segment includes exploration and evaluation of the mineral tenements in Australia and overseas, including
                                       exploring for potential repeats of the DeGrussa Volcanogenic Massive Sulphide (VMS) mineralised system at the
                                       Doolgunna Projects and the Group’s investment in Sandﬁre Resources America Inc.

Other activities include the Group’s corporate ofﬁce, which includes all corporate expenses that cannot be directly attributed to the operation of the Group’s
operating segments.




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
Segment information that is evaluated by key management personnel is prepared in conformity with the accounting policies adopted for preparing the
ﬁnancial statements of the Group.

Segment results
                                                                                  DeGrussa           Exploration &                 Other
                                                                                      Mine              evaluation             activities               Group
Income statement for the year ended 30 June 2018                                      $000                   $000                  $000                  $000
Sales revenue                                                                       596,242                      -                     -              596,242
Realised and unrealised price adjustment gain                                        10,470                      -                     -               10,470
Treatment and reﬁning charges                                                      (36,667)                      -                     -              (36,667)




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional ASX Information
Net revenue                                                                         570,045                      -                     -              570,045
Other gains/(losses)                                                                   (754)               1,590*                      -                   836
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods and work in progress                          8,123                      -                     -                 8,123
Mine operations costs                                                             (125,452)                      -                     -            (125,452)
Employee beneﬁt expenses                                                           (25,140)                (8,358)               (7,211)              (40,709)
Freight expenses                                                                   (40,800)                      -                     -              (40,800)
Royalties expense                                                                  (29,896)                      -                     -              (29,896)
Exploration and evaluation expenses                                                        -             (31,977)                      -              (31,977)
Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                            (129,806)                  (314)                 (191)            (130,311)




                                                                                                                                                                 Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
Administrative expenses                                                                    -                     -               (6,094)               (6,094)
Proﬁt (loss) before net ﬁnance and income tax                                       226,320              (39,059)               (13,496)              173,765
Finance income                                                                                                                                           3,297
Finance expense                                                                                                                                        (1,521)
Proﬁt before income tax expence                                                                                                                       175,541
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                    (54,788)
Net proﬁt for the year                                                                                                                                120,753

*The Group has discontinued the use of the equity method of accounting for its previously held investment in WCB Resources Inc (WCB) as a result of the
merger transaction that was completed during the year between WCB and Kingston Resources Ltd (Kingston). The de-recognition of the interest in associate
and discontinuation of equity accounting resulted in a gain of $1,590,000 during the year ended 30 June 2018.
The Group accounts for its resulting investment in Kingston at fair value, as an available-for-sale ﬁnancial asset. The carrying value of the investment in
Kingston as at 30 June 2018 is $2,610,000.




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Directory
                                                                                          SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                          [64]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3      Segment information (continued)
                                                                                  DeGrussa          Exploration &                 Other
                                                                                      Mine             evaluation             activities               Group
Income statement for the year ended 30 June 2017                                      $000                  $000                  $000                  $000
Sales revenue                                                                      513,153                      -                     -              513,153
Realised and unrealised price adjustment loss                                       19,395                      -                     -               19,395
Treatment and reﬁning charges                                                      (44,464)                     -                     -              (44,464)
Net revenue                                                                        488,084                      -                     -              488,084
Other income                                                                          2,138                     -                     -                 2,138
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods and work in progress                        (3,883)                     -                     -               (3,883)
Mine operations costs                                                             (115,533)                     -                     -            (115,533)
Employee beneﬁt expenses                                                           (31,079)               (9,273)               (4,893)              (45,245)
Freight expenses                                                                   (39,718)                     -                     -              (39,718)
Royalties expense                                                                  (24,625)                     -                     -              (24,625)
Exploration and evaluation expenses                                                       -              (23,208)                     -              (23,208)
Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                            (116,895)                 (230)                 (196)            (117,321)
Impairment expense                                                                        -                 (360)                     -                 (360)
Administrative expenses                                                                   -                     -               (6,157)               (6,157)
Proﬁt (loss) before net ﬁnance and income tax                                      158,489               (33,071)              (11,246)              114,172
Finance income                                                                                                                                          1,392
Finance expense                                                                                                                                       (5,160)
Proﬁt before income tax                                                                                                                              110,404
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                   (35,388)
Net proﬁt for the year                                                                                                                                75,016

Adjustments and eliminations
Finance income, ﬁnance costs and taxes are not allocated to individual segments as they are managed on a Group basis.

Net revenue
Net revenue has been presented in this year’s segment note to represent the net revenue received, which includes the gross revenue adjusted for both the
realised and unrealised price adjustments as well as treatment and reﬁning charges. Treatment and reﬁning charges are combined with freight expenses in
the Income statement.

Segment assets and liabilities
The Group does not separately report assets and liabilities for its operating segments to the CODM, as a majority of the Group’s net assets are attributable to
the DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine segment.
As at 30 June 2018 the Group has non-current assets of $13,240,739 located outside Australia (2017: $11,099,025).

Information about geographical areas and product
The Group’s sales revenue (refer to Note 4 for details) arise from sales to customers in Asia. In 2018 the majority of the product was sent to China for
processing (80%), a portion was sent to Japan (12%) and Philippines (8%). During 2017, a majority of the product was sent to China for processing (69%),
a portion was sent to Japan (4%) and Philippines (27%). The revenue information is based on the location of the customer’s operations.
Two customers (2017: four customers) individually accounted for more than ten per cent of total revenue during the year. Sales revenue from these major
customers ranged from 31% to 40% of total revenue, contributing approximately 71% of total revenue (2017: 84%).




[65]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                  Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Results for the year
This section focuses on the results and performance of the Group. It includes information on proﬁtability and the resultant return to shareholders via
earnings per share.

4      Sales revenue




                                                                                                                                                                  Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                                                                                                             2018                         2017
                                                                                                                             $000                         $000
Sales revenue
Sales of copper in concentrate                                                                                            528,816                    449,984
Sales of gold in concentrate                                                                                               61,776                        56,947
Sales of silver in concentrate                                                                                               5,650                        6,222
                                                                                                                          596,242                    513,153
Realised and unrealised price adjustment gain (loss)
Copper price adjustment                                                                                                      9,038                       19,014
Gold price adjustment                                                                                                           (6)                       (532)
Silver price adjustment                                                                                                        877                         797
Other adjustments                                                                                                              561                         116




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report
                                                                                                                           10,470                        19,395

Recognition and measurement
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, usually in the form of an executed sales agreement,
indicating there has been a transfer of risks and rewards to the customer, no further processing is required by the Group, the quantity and quality of the
goods has been determined with reasonable accuracy, the price is ﬁxed or determinable, and collectability is probable. This is generally when title passes,
which for the sale of concentrate represents the bill of lading date when the concentrate is delivered for shipment. Revenue is measured at the fair value of
the consideration received or receivable, taking into account contractually deﬁned terms of payment and excludes taxes or duty.

Key estimates and judgements – Sales Revenue
Contract terms for the Group’s sales allow for a price adjustment based on a ﬁnal assay of the goods by the customer to determine content. Recognition of
the sales revenue for these commodities is based on the most recently determined estimate of concentrate speciﬁcations with a subsequent adjustment




                                                                                                                                                                  Additional ASX Information
made to revenue upon ﬁnal determination.
The terms of concentrate sale contracts with third parties contain provisional pricing arrangements. The provisional selling price for metal in concentrate is
based on prevailing London Metals Exchange (LME) metal prices at the time of shipment to the customer. The customer makes a provisional payment to the
Group against a provisional invoice for the contained copper and precious metal credits (for gold and silver) in the shipment. Final settlement of the sales
transaction is based on the average LME metal price over a subsequent pricing period as speciﬁed by the terms of the sales contract.
The period commencing on the date of shipment to the end of the pricing period is known as the Quotational Period (QP). The QP historically reﬂects the
average time to elapse (generally 2 to 4 months) between the date of shipment and the date of processing by the smelter at ﬁnal destination. This pricing
methodology is normal for the industry and represents an embedded derivative. Accordingly, the Group has designated the receivable at fair value through
proﬁt and loss. Subsequent changes in fair value of the receivable is recognised in the income statement in each period until ﬁnal settlement. A key input
into the fair value determination of the receivable at the balance date is the closing forward LME metal price on the ﬁnal day of the month. The revaluation of
the receivable is performed up until the ﬁnal invoice is received. For the year ended 30 June 2018 a favourable $10,470,000 (2017: favourable $19,395,000)
mark-to-market adjustment to proﬁt or loss was recognised.




                                                                                                                                                                  Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Directory
                                                                                         SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                            [66]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

5       Expenses
Proﬁt before income tax includes the following expenses:

                                                                                                                           2018                       2017
                                                                                                Note                       $000                       $000
Employee beneﬁts expense
Wages and salaries                                                                                                       36,392                     40,180
Deﬁned contribution superannuation expense                                                                                 3,138                     3,372
Employee share-based payments                                                                       26                     2,282                     1,123
Other employee beneﬁts expense                                                                                               323                     1,961
                                                                                                                         42,135                     46,636
Less employee beneﬁts expense capitalised to mine properties                                                             (1,426)                    (1,391)
Total employee beneﬁt expense                                                                                             40,709                    45,245
Net proﬁt on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                           718                        46

Recognition and measurement
Employee share-based payments
The accounting policy, key estimates and judgements relating to employee share-based payments is set out in Note 26.

Other employee beneﬁts
Wages, salaries and deﬁned contribution superannuation expense are recognised as and when employees render their services. Expenses for non-
accumulating personal leave are recognised when the leave is taken and measured at the rates paid or payable.
Refer to Note 27 for the accounting policy relating to short term and long term employee beneﬁts.

6       Finance income and ﬁnance expense
                                                                                                                           2018                       2017
                                                                                                                           $000                       $000
Finance income
Interest on bank deposits                                                                                                  3,297                     1,392
Total ﬁnance income                                                                                                        3,297                     1,392


Finance expense
Interest charges                                                                                                            (77)                    (1,180)
Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                                  (630)                    (2,511)
Unwinding of discount on provisions                                                                                        (314)                      (224)
Finance establishment costs amortisation                                                                                       -                      (211)
Other                                                                                                                      (500)                    (1,034)
Total ﬁnance expense                                                                                                     (1,521)                    (5,160)

Recognition and measurement
Finance income is recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest method.
Provisions and other payables are discounted to their present value when the effect of the time value of money is signiﬁcant. The impact of the unwinding of
these discounts is reported in ﬁnance costs.




[67]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

7         Income tax
                                                                                                              2018                      2017
                                                                                                              $000                      $000
Components of income tax are:




                                                                                                                                                 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Current income tax
Current year income tax expense                                                                              72,635                    41,102
Over provision for prior year                                                                                 (633)                     (258)
Deferred income tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                          (17,679)                   (5,485)
Under provision for prior year                                                                                  465                        29
Income tax expense in the income statement                                                                   54,788                    35,388


Deferred income tax related to items credited directly to equity
Available for sale investments                                                                                1,034                          -
Share issue costs                                                                                                (7)                       (4)




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
Reconciliation of income tax expense to pre-tax proﬁt
Proﬁt before income tax                                                                                    175,541                   110,404
Income tax expense at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2017: 30%)                                             52,662                    33,121
Increase (decrease) in income tax due to:
Non-deductible expenses                                                                                         760                       510
Foreign tax losses and temporary differences not recognised                                                   2,739                     2,415
Current year capital losses not recognised                                                                      187                          -
Movement in unrecognised temporary differences with respect to investments                                  (1,698)                       105
Over provision for prior year                                                                                 (168)                     (229)




                                                                                                                                                 Additional ASX Information
Tax rate differential on foreign income                                                                         306                     (534)
Income tax expense                                                                                           54,788                    35,388

Recognised tax assets and liabilities

                                                                              2018                                     2017
                                                              Current tax            Deferred income     Current tax          Deferred income
in $000                                                          payable                          tax       payable                        tax
Opening balance                                                    (20,460)                 (48,361)        (7,222)                  (53,822)
Charged to income                                                  (72,002)                   17,214       (40,845)                     5,457
Charged to equity                                                         -                  (1,027)               -                        4




                                                                                                                                                 Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
Other payments                                                      61,259                          -        27,607                          -
Closing balance                                                    (31,203)                 (32,174)       (20,460)                  (48,361)




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Directory
                                                                                       SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018             [68]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

7       Income tax (continued)
                                                                                                                                 2018                        2017
                                                                                                                                 $000                        $000
Deferred income tax at 30 June relates to the following:
Deferred tax liabilities
Investments                                                                                                                       987                              -
Mine properties                                                                                                                21,677                      33,628
Plant and equipment including assets under construction                                                                        21,522                      24,353
Other                                                                                                                             210                          84
Gross deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 44,396                      58,065
Set-off of deferred tax assets                                                                                               (12,222)                     (9,704)
Net deferred tax liability                                                                                                     32,174                      48,361


Deferred tax assets
Employee beneﬁts provision                                                                                                        997                         918
Inventories                                                                                                                       555                       1,110
Other payables and accruals                                                                                                     1,239                         656
Rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling provision                                                                           8,353                       6,902
Share issue costs reﬂected in equity                                                                                                11                             8
Capital losses                                                                                                                    987                              -
Other                                                                                                                               80                        110
Gross deferred tax assets                                                                                                      12,222                       9,704
Set-off of deferred tax assets                                                                                               (12,222)                     (9,704)
Net deferred tax assets                                                                                                              -                             -

Recognition and measurement
Current income tax
Current income tax assets and liabilities for the period are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from, or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax
rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting date in the countries where the Group
operates.
Current income tax relating to items recognised directly in equity is recognised in equity and not in the income statement. Management periodically evaluates
tax positions taken with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided for using the balance sheet method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
amounts for ﬁnancial reporting purposes at the reporting date.
Except as noted below, deferred income tax is recognised for all temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable
that taxable proﬁt will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses
can be utilised.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufﬁcient taxable
proﬁt will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised.
Deferred tax is not recognised in the following situations:
(a) Where temporary differences arise from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time
    of the transaction, affects neither the accounting proﬁt nor taxable proﬁt or loss.
(b) In respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint ventures, deferred tax liabilities are
    not recognised if the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
    reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled,
based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
Deferred tax relating to items recognised in equity is recognised in equity.




[69]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                     Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

7      Income tax (continued)
The Group offsets deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities if, and only if, it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current
tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable
entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the
liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which signiﬁcant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.




                                                                                                                                                                     Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
The temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures, for which a deferred income tax liability has not been recognised,
aggregate to $48.4 million (2017: $46.7 million).


Key estimates and assumptions – Income tax
Judgment is required to determine whether deferred tax assets and certain deferred tax liabilities are recognised on the balance sheet. Deferred tax assets,
including those arising from unrecouped tax losses, capital losses and temporary differences, are recognised only where it is considered more likely than not
that they will be recovered, which is dependent on the generation of sufﬁcient future taxable proﬁts. Judgements are also required about the application of
income tax legislation.
Determining if there will be future taxable proﬁts depend on management’s estimates of future cash ﬂows, which in turn depend on estimates of future
production and sales volumes, commodity prices, operating costs, rehabilitation costs, capital expenditure, dividends and other capital management
transactions.
These judgements and assumptions are subject to risk and uncertainty, hence there is a possibility that changes in circumstances will alter expectations,
which may impact the amount of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities recognised on the balance sheet and the amount of other tax losses and
temporary differences not yet recognised. In such circumstances, some or all of the carrying amounts of recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities may
require adjustment, resulting in a corresponding credit or charge to the income statement.




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report
In addition, future changes in tax laws in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates could limit the ability of the Group to obtain tax deductions or utilise
losses in future periods.
The Group has unrecognised temporary differences and carry forward losses for which no deferred tax asset is recognised in the statement of ﬁnancial
position of A$65,180,000 (2017: A$58,809,000), as the requirements for recognising those deferred tax assets have not been met.
Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the losses generated in subsidiaries domiciled in Canada and the United States, as they cannot be
used to offset taxable proﬁts in the Group and are unlikely to be utlised in the near future. This includes US losses of USD$5,336,000 that will commence to
expire from 2028 and Canadian losses of CAD$751,000 that will commence to expire from 2036.

8           Earnings per share (EPS)

                                                                                                                                2018                       2017




                                                                                                                                                                     Additional ASX Information
                                                                                                                                $000                       $000
Net proﬁt attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                                       123,024                     77,510


                                                                                                                               2018                        2017
                                                                                                                             Number                      Number
Weighted average ordinary shares adjusted for the effect of dilution                                                    158,024,457                157,671,654

Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the net proﬁt for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders by the weighted average number of ordinary
shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the net proﬁt attributable to ordinary equity holders by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be issued on conversion of
all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                                     Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
Share options of 1,695,000 were outstanding throughout the year and excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share under AASB 133 because
they are anti-dilutive for the current period (refer to Note 11). For details of transactions involving ordinary shares between the reporting date and the date of
authorisation of these ﬁnancial statements refer to Note 28.




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Directory
                                                                                           SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                           [70]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Capital and debt structure
This section contains information which will help users understand the management of the Group’s capital and debt structure.

9       Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                         2018                   2017
                                                                                                                         $000                   $000
Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                              142,959                 66,743
Term deposits                                                                                                         100,408                 60,000
                                                                                                                      243,367               126,743

Recognition and measurement
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of ﬁnancial position and statement of cash ﬂows comprise cash at bank and on hand and short-term deposits
that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash.

Cash ﬂow information
A reconciliation between cash and cash equivalents and net cash inﬂow from operating activities is as follows:

                                                                                                                         2018                   2017
                                                                                                                         $000                   $000
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash ﬂows                                                               243,367               126,743


Reconciliation of net proﬁt after tax to net cash ﬂows from operations:
Proﬁt for the period                                                                                                  120,753                 75,016
Adjustments for:
Net loss on sale of assets                                                                                               (872)                  (44)
Depreciation and amortisation included in the income statement                                                        130,311               117,532
Interest and other costs of ﬁnance paid                                                                                        77              1,180
Share based payments expense                                                                                             2,282                 1,123
Unrealised price adjustments and foreign currency adjustments                                                            6,745               (2,003)
Impairment expense                                                                                                              -                360
Income tax expense                                                                                                     (6,441)                 7,782
Other non-cash items                                                                                                      448                    577
Change in assets and liabilities:
(Increase) Decrease in trade and other receivables                                                                     (4,684)                 6,928
(Increase) Decrease in inventories                                                                                     (7,489)                 3,248
Increase in trade and other payables                                                                                     2,865                 4,176
(Decrease) in interest bearing liabilities                                                                                (28)                  (24)
Increase in provisions                                                                                                    998                    287
Net cash inﬂow from operating activities                                                                              244,965                216,138




[71]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                      Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

10       Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                               2018                        2017
                                                                                                                  Note                         $000                        $000
Current




                                                                                                                                                                                      Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Trade and other payables                                                                                                                     38,580                      35,397
Related party payables – cash-settled share-based payments                                                         (a)                        1,318                           81
                                                                                                                                             39,898                      35,478
Non-current
Related party payables – cash-settled share-based payments                                                         (a)                              -                         97
(a)   For terms and conditions relating to cash-settled share-based payments, refer to Note 26.

Recognition and measurement
Trade and other payables are initially measured at fair value and subsequently carried at amortised cost and due to their short-term nature they are not
discounted. They represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the ﬁnancial year that are unpaid and arise when the
Group becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services. The amounts are generally unsecured and are
usually paid within 60 days of recognition.

11       Issued capital and reserves
Issued ordinary shares




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report
                                                                                      2018                         2018                       2017                         2017
                                                           Note                     Number                         $000                     Number                         $000
Movement in ordinary shares on issue
On issue at 1 July                                                            157,818,424                       230,733                157,324,918                     228,014
Issue of shares, net of transaction costs and tax           (a)                    207,508                        1,500                    493,506                        2,719
Issue of shares under employee awards                       (b)                    446,106                        3,182                             -                           -
On issue at 30 June                                                           158,472,038                       235,415                157,818,424                     230,733
(a)   In February 2018 Sandﬁre entered into a Farm-in Agreement for the Morck Well East and Doolgunna project area with Auris Minerals Limited and Fe Limited. Under the terms
      of the agreement Sandﬁre issued ordinary fully paid shares to the value of $1,500,000 based on the 5-day VWAP. A total of 207,508 ordinary fully paid shares were issued.




                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional ASX Information
(b)   The value recorded in issued capital on conversion of shares under employee awards represents the original fair value of the award in the share based payment reserve that is
      transferred from the share based payment reserve to issued capital on exercise, as well as any consideration received on exercise.

Movement in shares under option

                                                                             On issue                                                                                  On issue
Options expiring on or before                    Exercise Price             30 Jun 17                 Issued              Exercised               Expired             30 Jun 18
15 July 2018                                              $7.60               565,000                       -              200,000                       -             365,000
15 July 2018                                              $8.80               565,000                       -               85,000                       -             480,000
15 July 2018                                             $10.00               565,000                       -                      -                     -             565,000
                                                                            1,695,000                       -              285,000                       -           1,410,000




                                                                                                                                                                                      Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
Recognition and measurement
Ordinary shares are classiﬁed as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net
of tax, from the proceeds.
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All shares rank equally
with regard to the Group’s residual assets. Ordinary shares have no par value.

Capital management
For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued capital and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the
parent. The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to maximise shareholder’s value. In order to achieve this overall objective, the Group’s
capital management, amongst other things, aims to ensure that it meets ﬁnancial covenants attached to any interest-bearing loans and borrowings that
form part of its capital structure requirements. There have been no breaches in the ﬁnancial covenants of any interest bearing liabilities during the current
ﬁnancial year or prior ﬁnancial years. The Group is not subject to externally imposed capital requirements.
The Group manages and makes adjustments to its capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions. In order to maintain or adjust the capital
structure, the Group may for example return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. No changes were made in the objectives,
policies and processes for managing capital, during the years ended 30 June 2018 and 2017.




                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Directory
                                                                                                    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                  [72]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

11       Issued capital and reserves (continued)
Nature and purpose of reserves
Share-based payments reserve
The share-based payment reserve is used to recognise the value of equity-settled share-based payments provided to employees, including key management
personnel, as part of their remuneration. Refer to Note 26 for details.

Foreign currency translation reserve
Exchange differences arising on the translation of entities with a functional currency differing from the Group’s presentation currency, are taken to the
foreign currency translation reserve (FCTR). For the Group, this relates to its investment in Sandﬁre Resources America Inc. (Sandﬁre America) and it’s
previously equity accounted investment in WCB Resources Ltd.

12       Interest bearing liabilities
                                                                                                                                  2018                       2017
                                                                                                                                  $000                       $000
Current
Obligations under ﬁnance leases and hire purchase contracts                                                                        240                         168
Insurance premium funding                                                                                                        1,371                       1,399
                                                                                                                                 1,611                       1,567
Non-current
Obligations under ﬁnance leases and hire purchase contracts                                                                        239                         210
                                                                                                                                   239                         210

Recognition and measurement
Interest bearing liabilities are initially measured at fair value, net of directly attributable transaction costs. After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans
and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate (‘EIR’) method. Gains and losses are recognised in proﬁt or
loss when the liabilities are de-recognised as well as through the EIR amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount
or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included in ﬁnance costs in the income statement.
Interest bearing liabilities are de-recognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires. When an existing liability is
replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modiﬁed, such an exchange
or modiﬁcation is treated as the de-recognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts
is recognised in the income statement.

Finance facilities
The Group’s current ﬁnancing arrangements consist of asset ﬁnancing arrangements for vehicles and equipment, as well as an insurance premium facility.
The Group has a registered ﬁxed and ﬂoating charge over assets, including the DeGrussa Project and the broader Doolgunna Project with a ﬁnancial
institution.

Bond Facility
The bond facility is drawn in the form of bank guarantees to the relevant State Government Department for environmental restoration and property managers
for security deposits and does not involve the provision of funds. As at 30 June 2017, the Company has drawn $10,000 of the $100,000 facility limit.

13       Financial risk management objectives and policies
This note presents information about the Group’s ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities, its exposure to ﬁnancial risks, as well as objectives, policies and
processes for measuring and managing these risks.
During the current reporting period, the Group’s principal ﬁnancial liabilities were trade and other payables as the Groups’ debt facilities were fully repaid
during the year ended 30 June 2017. The Group’s principal ﬁnancial assets comprise trade and other receivables and cash and short-term deposits that arise
directly from its operations.
The Group’s activities expose it primarily to the following ﬁnancial risks:
     • Market risk including interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange risk and commodity price risk;
     • Credit risk; and
     • Liquidity risk
Primary responsibility for the identiﬁcation and control of these ﬁnancial risks rests with the Group’s senior management. The Group’s senior management is
supported by the Audit and Risk Committee under the authority of the Board. The Audit and Risk Committee provides assurance to the Board that the Group’s
ﬁnancial risk activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that ﬁnancial risks are identiﬁed, measured and managed in accordance
with the Group’s policies and risk objectives.
The Group uses different methods to measure and manage different types of risks to which it is exposed. These include monitoring levels of exposure
to interest rates via assessments of market forecasts for interest rates and monitoring liquidity risk through the development of future rolling cash ﬂow
forecasts.




[73]      SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                    Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

13     Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
Market risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate because of changes in market prices. Market risk for
the Group comprise three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk, such as commodity price risk. The Group’s principal ﬁnancial
instruments affected by market risk include ﬁnancial liabilities, trade receivables, cash and short-term deposits.




                                                                                                                                                                    Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at 30 June 2018 and 2017.

Interest rate risk management and sensitivity analysis
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate because of changes in market interest rates.
The effect of a reasonably possible change in interest rates at balance date would not have a signiﬁcant impact on the Group’s after tax proﬁt or equity.

Foreign currency risk and sensitivity analysis
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash ﬂows of an exposure will ﬂuctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The
Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Group’s sale of metal concentrate products denominated in US
dollars.
The Group did not use any form of derivatives to hedge its exposure to foreign currency risk during the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2018.
The carrying amount of the Group’s ﬁnancial assets by its currency risk exposure as at 30 June 2018 is listed below.

                                                             Denominated in US$ presented
                                                                       in AU$




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report
                                                                      2018                       2017
                                                                      $000                       $000
Trade and other receivables                                          8,555                     12,712
Trade and other payables                                                  -                          -

The following tables demonstrate the sensitivity of the exposure at the balance sheet date to a reasonably possible change in USD/AUD exchange rate, with
all other variables held constant. The impact on the Group’s proﬁt before tax and equity is due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities.

                                                                Effect on proﬁt before tax
                                                                      2018                       2017
                                                                      $000                       $000




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional ASX Information
5% increase (2017: 5% increase)                                       (406)                      (627)
5% decrease (2017: 5% decrease)                                        449                        693

Commodity price risk and sensitivity analysis
The Group is exposed to commodity price volatility on the sale of metal in concentrate products such as copper and gold, which are priced on, or benchmarked
to, open market exchanges, speciﬁcally the London Metal Exchange (LME). The Group aims to realise average copper prices, which are materially consistent
with the prevailing average market prices for the same period.
In order to reduce the exposure to ﬂuctuations in copper price during the Quotational Period (QP) period, the Group may from time to time enter into derivative
ﬁnancial instruments with various counterparties, principally ﬁnancial institutions with investment grade credit ratings, in the form of copper swaps to
either ﬁx the price of sales at the time of shipment or to reduce the length of the QP, therefore reducing the short and medium term exposure to the market
price of metal for completed or imminent shipments.




                                                                                                                                                                    Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
No derivative hedging instruments were entered into during the year ended 30 June 2018. (2017: 12,450 tonnes of copper sales subject to QP were hedged
under USD copper swaps during the previous ﬁnancial year, resulting in a gain of $2,115,000) this was recognised as part of other income. These hedges are
generally considered to be economic hedges, however the Group may not designate into a hedging relationship for accounting purposes.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to the exposure at the balance sheet date of a reasonably possible change in commodity prices from the 30
June 2018 London Metals Exchange (LME) forward curve, with all other variables held constant.

                                                                Effect on proﬁt before tax
                                                                      2018                       2017
                                                                      $000                       $000
10% increase (2017: 10% increase)                                    9,542                     10,122
10% decrease (2017: 10% decrease)                                   (9,542)                   (10,122)

The impact on the Group’s proﬁt before tax and equity is due to changes in the fair value of provisionally priced sales contracts outstanding at year end
totaling $92,415,000 (2017: $89,810,000). The sensitivity analysis does not include the impact of the movement in commodity prices on the total sales for
the year.




                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Directory
                                                                                          SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                              [74]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

13        Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a ﬁnancial instrument or customer contract, leading to a ﬁnancial loss. The
Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (trade receivables) and from its ﬁnancing activities, including deposits with banks and ﬁnancial
institutions. At the reporting date, the carrying amount of the Group’s ﬁnancial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.
The credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is managed by restricting dealing to banks which are assigned high credit ratings by international credit rating
agencies. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents as at 30 June 2018 is substantially maintained by one ﬁnancial institution.
Credit risk in trade receivables is managed by the Group undertaking a regular risk assessment process including assessing the credit quality of the
customer, taking into account its ﬁnancial position, past experience and other factors. As there are a relatively small number of transactions, they are closely
monitored to ensure payments are made on time. Credit risk arising from sales to customers is managed by contracts that stipulate a provisional payment
of at least 90 per cent of the estimated value of each sale. This is payable promptly after vessel loading. The balance outstanding is received within
60-120 days of the vessel arriving at the port of discharge. Additionally, several sales are covered by letter of credit arrangements with approved ﬁnancial
institutions. The Group does not have any signiﬁcant receivables which are past due or impaired at the reporting date and it is expected that these amounts
will be received when due. The Group does not hold any collateral in relation to these receivables.

Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difﬁculty in meeting obligations associated with ﬁnancial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash
or another ﬁnancial asset. The Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufﬁcient liquidity to meet
its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.
The Group manages liquidity risk by conducting regular reviews of the timing of cash ﬂows in order to ensure sufﬁcient funds are available to meet these
obligations.
The Group fully repaid the Group’s DeGrussa Project Loan Facility in the 2017 ﬁnancial year, which reduced the liquidity risk to the Group. Therefore the
Group’s remaining liquidity risk exposure only relates to the trade payables as detailed in Note 10 and short term interest bearing liabilities in Note 12. All
trade payables will be repaid within one year from the reporting date.

14        Fair value measurement
The following table shows the fair values of ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities, other than cash and cash equivalents, including their levels in the fair
value measurement hierarchy as at 30 June 2018.

                                                                                Level 1                        Level 2                        Level 3                          Total
                                                   Note                          $’000                          $’000                          $’000                          $’000
Financial assets
AFS ﬁnancial assets                                                               7,925                               -                        2,000                          9,925
Trade receivables                                   (i)                                -                        8,555                                -                        8,555
                                                                                  7,925                         8,555                          2,000                        18,480
(i)    Trade receivables relate to concentrate sale contracts that are still subject to price adjustments where the ﬁnal consideration to be received will be determined based on
       prevailing London Metals Exchange (LME) metal prices at the ﬁnal settlement date. Sales that are still subject to price adjustments at balance date are fair valued by
       estimating the present value of the ﬁnal settlement price using the LME forward metals prices at balance date.

The fair value of the ﬁnancial instruments as at 30 June 2017 are summarised in the table below.

                                                                                Level 1                        Level 2                        Level 3                          Total
                                                                                 $’000                          $’000                          $’000                          $’000
Financial assets
AFS ﬁnancial assets                                                                 209                               -                              -                          209
Trade receivables                                                                      -                       12,712                                -                      12,712
                                                                                    209                        12,712                                -                      12,921
Financial liabilities
Trade payables                                                                         -                           232                               -                          232

The carrying amount of all ﬁnancial assets and all ﬁnancial liabilities, recognised in the balance sheet approximates their fair value.

Classiﬁcation and measurement
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
      • In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
      • In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to or by the Group.
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming
that market participants act in their economic best interest.
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufﬁcient data are available to measure fair value, maximising
the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

[75]       SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                  Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

14        Fair value measurement (continued)
Fair value hierarchy
All assets for which fair value is recognised or disclosed are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, based on the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to
the fair value measurement as a whole, as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                  Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
      • Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
      • Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable.
      • Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.
For assets and liabilities that are recognised at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between Levels in the
hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each
reporting period.
There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements and no transfers into or out of Level 3 fair value measurements, during the year
ended 30 June 2018 or the comparative period ended 30 June 2017.

Key estimates and assumptions - Fair value measurement
When the fair values of ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets,
their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including discounted cash ﬂow models. The inputs to these models are taken from observable
markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair values. Judgements include considerations of
inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report
15        Dividends paid and proposed
                                                                                                                                            2018                          2017
                                                                                                             Note                           $000                          $000
Cash dividends on ordinary shares declared and paid:
Final franked dividend for 2017: 13 cents per share (2016: 9 cents)                                                                       20,537                        14,191
Interim franked dividend for 2018: 8 cents per share (2017: 5 cents)                                                                      12,639                         7,887
                                                                                                                                          33,176                        22,078
Proposed dividends on ordinary shares:
Final cash dividend for 2018: 19 cents per share (2017: 13 cents per share)                                   (i)                         30,252                        20,537




                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional ASX Information
(i)    Subsequent to year end, the Board resolved to pay a franked dividend of 19 cents per share to be paid on 25 September 2018. The expected ﬁnancial impact of the dividend
       has not been recognised in the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 30 June 2018 and will be recognised in subsequent ﬁnancial statements.

Franking credit balance

                                                                                                                                            2018                          2017
                                                                                                                                            $000                          $000
The amount of franking credits available for the subsequent ﬁnancial year are:
Franking account balance at the end of the ﬁnancial year at 30% (2017: 30%)                                                               84,585                        37,504
Estimated franking debits that will arise from the payment of dividends as at the                                                       (12,965)                       (8,793)
end of the ﬁnancial year
Estimated franking credits that will arise from the payment of income tax payable as at the                                               31,203                        20,460




                                                                                                                                                                                  Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
end of the ﬁnancial year
                                                                                                                                        102,823                         49,171




                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Directory
                                                                                                    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                 [76]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Invested capital
This section provides information on how the Group invests and manages its capital.

16     Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                             2018                         2017
                                                                                                                             $000                         $000
Current
Trade receivables                                                                                                           8,542                       12,803
Other receivables                                                                                                           5,231                        3,167
                                                                                                                           13,773                       15,970

Recognition and measurement
Trade receivables are carried at fair value. Provisional payments in relation to trade receivables are due for settlement within 30 days from the date of
recognition, with any mark to market adjustment due for settlement usually from 60-120 days. Other receivables are initially measured at fair value and
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Collectability of receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. Individual debts that are known to be uncollectible are written off when identiﬁed. An
impairment allowance is recognised when there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect the receivable. Financial difﬁculties of the
debtor, default payments or debts more than 90 days overdue are considered objective evidence of impairment. The amount of the impairment loss is the
receivable carrying amount compared to the present value of estimated future cash ﬂows, discounted at the original effective interest rate. The amount of the
impairment is recognised in the income statement.
All amounts are not considered past due or impaired. It is expected that these amounts will be received when due. The Group does not hold any collateral in
relation to these receivables.
Refer to Note 13 on credit risk of trade receivables to understand how the Group manages and measures credit quality of trade receivables that are neither
past due nor impaired.

17     Inventories
                                                                                                                             2018                         2017
                                                                                                                             $000                         $000
Current
Concentrate – at cost                                                                                                      14,866                        8,480
Ore stockpiles – at cost                                                                                                    9,923                        8,186
Stores and consumables – at cost                                                                                           10,870                       11,335
                                                                                                                           35,659                       28,001
Allowance for obsolete stock – stores and consumables                                                                     (1,698)                       (1,528)
                                                                                                                           26,473                       30,070
Non-current
Oxide copper ore stockpiles – at cost                                                                                      11,698                       11,698


Cost of goods sold                                                                                                        302,854                   297,503

Recognition and measurement
Stores and consumables, ore and concentrate are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials, direct labour and a
proportion of variable and ﬁxed overhead expenditure which is directly related to the production of inventories.
Costs are assigned to individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Cost includes direct material, mining, processing, labour, related
transportation costs to the point of sale and other ﬁxed and variable costs directly related to mining and processing activities.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs
necessary to make the sale.
Stores and consumables, and ore inventories expected to be processed or sold within twelve months after the balance sheet date, are classiﬁed as current
assets. All other inventories are classiﬁed as non-current assets.




[77]      SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

18       Exploration and evaluation assets
                                                                                                                            2018                       2017
                                                                                                Note                        $000                       $000
Reconciliation




                                                                                                                                                                 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
At 1 July                                                                                                                 21,852                     18,489
Resource properties and exploration tenements acquired                                                                      2,310                     3,744
Exchange differences                                                                                                          248                      (381)
At 30 June                                                                                                                24,410                     21,852

Recognition and measurement
Exploration and evaluation expenditure includes pre-licence costs, costs associated with exploring, investigating, examining and evaluating an area of
mineralisation, and assessing the technical feasibility and commercial viability of extracting the mineral resource from that area. Other than acquisition
costs, exploration and evaluation expenditure incurred on licenses where the commercial viability of extracting the mineral resource has not yet been
established is expensed when incurred. Once the commercial viability of extracting the mineral resource are demonstrable (at which point, the Group
considers it probable that economic beneﬁts will be realised), the Group capitalises any further evaluation costs incurred. The recoverability of the
exploration and evaluation assets is dependent on the successful development and commercial exploration, or alternatively, sale of the respective area of
interest.
Exploration and evaluation assets are assessed for impairment if:
     • insufﬁcient data exists to determine commercial viability; or




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
     • other facts and circumstances suggest that the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount.
An exploration and evaluation asset shall be reclassiﬁed to mine properties when the technical feasibility and commercial viability of extracting a mineral
resource are demonstrable and a decision has been made to develop and extract the resource. Exploration and evaluation assets shall be assessed for
impairment, and any impairment loss shall be recognised, before reclassiﬁcation to mine properties. No amortisation is charged during the exploration and
evaluation phase.

Key estimates and assumptions – Exploration and evaluation assets
The application of the Group’s accounting policy for exploration and evaluation assets requires signiﬁcant judgment to determine whether future economic
beneﬁts are likely from either future exploitation or sale, or whether activities have not reached a stage that permits a reasonable assessment of the
existence of reserves.




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional ASX Information
19       Property, plant and equipment
Reconciliation of the carrying amounts for each class of property, plant and equipment is set out below.
                                                                                      Mine              Plant and        Assets under
                                                                                 Properties            equipment         construction                  Total
2018                                                                                 $000                   $000                 $000                  $000
Opening net carrying amount                                                       190,320                  154,985             23,711               369,016
Additions                                                                           66,316                   1,084             21,556                88,956
Disposals                                                                                 -                 (1,572)                  -               (1,572)
Transfers                                                                                 -                 30,702            (30,702)                       -
Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (92,267)                 (38,044)                  -            (130,311)




                                                                                                                                                                 Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
Movement in the rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling asset                    2,212                   2,312                   -                4,524
Exchange differences                                                                      -                      6                   -                       6
Closing net carrying amount                                                       166,581                  149,473             14,565               330,619


At 30 June 2018
Gross carrying amount – at cost                                                   621,023                  358,394             14,565               993,982
Accumulated depreciation                                                         (454,442)             (208,921)                     -            (663,363)
Net carrying amount                                                               166,581                  149,473             14,565               330,619




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Directory
                                                                                        SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                          [78]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

19     Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                                                                                                           Plant and          Assets under
                                                                              Mine Properties             equipment           construction                   Total
2017                                                                                   $000                    $000                   $000                   $000
Opening net carrying amount                                                           209,167               187,348                  10,671              407,186
Additions                                                                              59,771                      546               22,859                83,176
Disposals                                                                                    -                    (162)                    -                (162)
Transfers                                                                                    -                    9,819             (9,819)                         -
Depreciation                                                                         (79,253)               (38,068)                       -            (117,321)
Movement in the rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling asset                         635                (4,498)                       -              (3,863)
Closing net carrying amount                                                           190,320               154,985                 23,711               369,016

At 30 June 2017
Gross carrying amount – at cost                                                       552,495               328,113                 23,711               904,319
Accumulated depreciation                                                            (362,175)              (173,128)                       -            (535,303)
Net carrying amount                                                                   190,320               154,985                 23,711               369,016

Recognition and measurement
Plant and equipment
Plant and equipment is stated at historical cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes
expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items and costs incurred in bringing the asset into use.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future
economic beneﬁts associated with the item ﬂow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is
derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance costs are recognised in the income statement as incurred. The present value of the expected cost for the
decommissioning, restoration and dismantling of an asset after its use is included in the cost of the respective asset if the recognition criteria for a provision
are met. Refer to Note 27 Provisions for further information about the recognised decommissioning provision.
An item of property, plant and equipment and any signiﬁcant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic beneﬁts are
expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and
the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the income statement when the asset is derecognised.

Mine properties
Mine property and development assets include costs incurred in accessing the ore body and costs to develop the mine to the production phase, once the
technical feasibility and commercial viability of a mining operation has been established. At this stage, exploration and evaluation assets are reclassiﬁed to
mine properties.
Mine property and development assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses recognised.
The initial cost of an asset comprises its purchase price or construction cost, any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset into operation, the initial
estimate of the rehabilitation obligation, and for qualifying assets (where relevant), borrowing costs. Any ongoing costs associated with mining which are
considered to beneﬁt mining operations in future periods are capitalised.
The balance for mine property includes mine development costs, stripping activity assets and the expected cost for the decommissioning, restoration and
dismantling of an asset after its use.

Leased assets
Assets held under lease, which result in the Group receiving substantially all of the risk and rewards of ownership are capitalised as property, plant and
equipment. Leased assets are initially measured at the lower of their fair value or the present value of the minimum lease payments.
A leased asset is depreciated over its useful life. However, if there is no reasonable certainty that the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease
term, the asset is depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset and the lease term.

Depreciation
The depreciation methods adopted by the Group are shown in table below:

Category                                           Depreciation method
Plant and equipment                                Straight line over the life of the mine/asset (3 to 5 years)
Leased equipment                                   Straight line over the shorter of the lease term and life of the asset (3 to 5 years)
Mine properties                                    Units of ore extracted basis over the life of mine

The estimation of the useful lives of assets has been based on historical experience, lease terms (for leased equipment) and turnover policies (for motor
vehicles). In addition, the condition of the assets is assessed at least once per year and considered against the remaining useful life. The assets’ residual
values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed at each reporting period and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.

Impairment
The Group’s policy for the impairment of non-ﬁnancial assets is disclosed in Note 20.


[79]       SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                               Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

20       Impairment of non-ﬁnancial assets
Testing for impairment
The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that a non-ﬁnancial asset may be impaired. If any indication exists, or when
annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an
asset’s or cash generating unit’s (CGU) fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset,




                                                                                                                                                               Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
unless the asset does not generate cash inﬂows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. When the carrying amount of an
asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

Key estimates and assumptions
The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment is dependent on the Group’s estimate of ore reserves that can be economically and legally extracted.
The Group estimates its Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources based on information compiled by appropriately qualiﬁed persons relating to the geological
data on the size, depth and shape of the ore body, and requires complex geological judgments to interpret the data. The estimation of recoverable reserves
is based on factors such as estimates of foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, future capital requirements, and production costs along with geological
assumptions and judgments made in estimating the size and grade of the ore body and removal of waste material. Changes in these estimates may impact
upon the carrying value of mine properties, property, plant and equipment, provision for rehabilitation, recognition of deferred tax assets, inventory, and
depreciation and amortisation charges.

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash ﬂows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reﬂects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks speciﬁc to the asset. The Group bases its impairment calculation on detailed budgets and forecast
calculations, which are prepared separately for each of the Group’s CGUs to which the individual assets are allocated. In determining fair value less costs
of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account. If no such transactions can be identiﬁed, an appropriate valuation model is used. These
calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples, quoted share prices for publicly traded subsidiaries or other available fair value indicators.




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report
Impairment losses for continuing operations are recognised in the income statement in expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.
An assessment is made at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer
exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the Group estimates the asset’s or CGUs recoverable amount. A previously recognised impairment
loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was
recognised. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that
would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in the
income statement unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case, the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase.

Impairment calculations
During the current reporting period, there were no indicators of impairment to require the Group to estimate any asset or CGU’s recoverable amount and
therefore no impairment was recognised.




                                                                                                                                                               Additional ASX Information
21       Commitments
Operating lease commitments – Group as lessee
An operating lease is a lease other than a ﬁnance lease. Operating lease payments are recognised as an operating expense in the income statement on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. The Group’s operating lease commitments disclosed in the table below represent lease payments for the facilitation
of power to the Group’s operations, mining equipment, property leases for ofﬁces as well as administrative and storage facilities. The Group’s leases have
varying terms, with options to renew the lease on respective expiry dates. Future minimum rentals payable under non-cancellable operating leases as at 30
June are as follows:

                                                                                                                            2018                       2017
                                                                                                        Note                $000                       $000
Within one year                                                                                                           11,886                      4,867
After one year but not more than ﬁve years                                                                                 6,190                     13,906




                                                                                                                                                               Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
Total minimum lease payments                                                                             (i)              18,076                     18,773
(i)   The amount disclosed includes non-lease charges as it is not practicable to separate these.




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Directory
                                                                                                    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018              [80]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

21      Commitments (continued)
Finance leases and hire purchase commitments – Group as lessee
The Group has ﬁnance leases and hire purchase contracts for some items of mobile plant and motor vehicles. Future minimum lease payments under ﬁnance
leases and hire purchase contracts together with the present value of the net minimum lease payments are as follows.

                                                                                                                           2018                         2017
                                                                                               Note                        $000                         $000
Within one year                                                                                                             256                          183
After one year but not more than ﬁve years                                                                                  249                          217
Total minimum lease payments                                                                                                505                          400
Less amounts representing ﬁnance charges                                                                                    (26)                         (22)
Present value of minimum lease payments                                                                                     479                          378


Included in the ﬁnancial statements as:
Current interest bearing liabilities                                                            12                          240                          168
Non-current interest bearing liabilities                                                        12                          239                          210
Total included in interest-bearing liabilities                                                                              479                          378

Group resource property commitments
Sandﬁre Resources America Inc. (formerly Tintina Resources Inc.) - Black Butte Copper Leases and Water Use Agreement
The Company’s subsidiary Sandﬁre Resources America Inc., through its wholly-owned subsidiary Tintina Montana Inc., has entered into a number mining
leases; and surface use and water lease agreements (collectively, the “Black Butte Agreements”) with the owners of the Black Butte copper-cobalt-silver
property in central Montana, United States.
The Black Butte Agreements provide Tintina, with exclusive use and occupancy of any part of the property that is necessary for exploration and mining
activities.
Future minimum payments due under the Black Butte Agreements as at 30 June are as follows:

                                                                                                                           2018                         2017
                                                                                                                           $000                         $000
Within one year                                                                                                             638                          633
After one year but not more than ﬁve years                                                                                2,049                         2,552
More than ﬁve years                                                                                                      13,795                     12,023
Total payments                                                                                                           16,482                     15,208

Contractual commitments
The Group has entered into a number of key contracts as part of its operation of the DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine located in Western Australia. The
minimum expected payments in relation to these contracts which were not required to be recognised as liabilities at 30 June 2018 amount to approximately
$27,158,000 (undiscounted) (2017: $16,349,000).




[81]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                  Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Group structure and related party information
This section provides information on the Group’s structure as well as related party transactions.

22       Information relating to Sandﬁre Resources NL (the Parent)
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Group include:




                                                                                                                                                                                  Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                                                                                                                            2018                          2017
                                                                                                                                            $000                          $000
Current assets                                                                                                                          288,677                       169,543
Total assets                                                                                                                            705,422                       603,160
Current liabilities                                                                                                                       74,128                        60,001
Total liabilities                                                                                                                       131,658                       132,391


Issued capital                                                                                                                          235,415                       230,803
Retained earnings                                                                                                                       332,086                       236,275
Share based payment reserve                                                                                                                3,535                         3,638


Proﬁt or loss of the Parent entity                                                                                                      134,345                         85,956




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report
Total comprehensive income of the Parent entity                                                                                         136,758                         86,008

23       Information relating to subsidiaries
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Group include:

                                                                                                                                          % equity interest
                                                                                                 Country of
Name                                                                           Note            incorporation                                2018                          2017
Sandﬁre Resources America Inc.                                                  (i)               Canada                                   78.06                         61.18
Sandﬁre BC Holdings (Australia) Pty Ltd                                        (ii)               Australia                               100.00                        100.00
Sandﬁre BC Holdings Inc.                                                       (iii)              Canada                                  100.00                        100.00




                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional ASX Information
SFR Copper & Gold Peru S.A.                                                                         Peru                                  100.00                        100.00
(i)   In July 2017, the Group increased its stake in Sandﬁre Resources America Inc. (“Sandﬁre America”) TSX-V: SFR (formerly Tintina Resources Inc.) to 78% from 61%, by
      acquiring a further 17% interest. The additional shareholding, comprising 54,632,580 shares, was acquired by the Group in an off-market transaction. Total consideration
      for the purchase amounted to C$7,130,000 (A$7,123,000).
      In October 2017, the Group also executed its rights to purchase their pro rata of common shares offered under Sandﬁre America’s rights offer, which closed on 23 October
      2017. The additional shareholding, comprising 140,315,465 shares at an average price of C$0.06 per share, did not result in a change to the Group’s holding percentage of
      Sandﬁre America. Total consideration for the purchase amounted to C$8,419,000 (A$8,666,000).
(ii) The wholly owned subsidiary was formed and incorporated by the Company on 21 August 2014.
(iii) The wholly owned subsidiary was formed and incorporated by the Company on 28 August 2014.

24       Other interests
Undivided interests




                                                                                                                                                                                  Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
(i)    Springﬁeld Exploration Joint Venture
On 20 December 2013, Sandﬁre entered into the Springﬁeld Exploration Joint Venture Agreement with Talisman Mining Limited (“Talisman”). In accordance
with the agreement, Sandﬁre could obtain a 70% interest in the Joint Venture by sole funding $15 million exploration expenditure. In December 2015, the
Group reached the end of the farm-in period and obtained a 70% interest.
The Springﬁeld Exploration Joint Venture is classiﬁed as an undivided interest and the Group consolidates its 70% interest. Expenditure on the Springﬁeld
exploration projects is being jointly funded by Sandﬁre and Talisman on a 70:30 basis.

(ii)   Springﬁeld Mining Joint Venture
As parties to the Springﬁeld Exploration Joint Venture, on 5 April 2017, Sandﬁre and Talisman entered into the Springﬁeld Mining Joint Venture to undertake
development of and mining activities at the Monty Deposit.
The Mining Joint Venture is classiﬁed as an undivided interest and the Group consolidates its 70% interest in the Joint Venture. Expenditure on the Monty
Deposit is being jointly funded by Sandﬁre and Talisman on a 70:30 basis.
As announced on the ASX on the 8th June 2018 the Group has reached an in-principle agreement with Talisman Mining Limited to acquire Talisman A Pty Ltd
which holds the remaining 30% interest in both the Springﬁeld Joint Ventures above, the transaction was not complete as at 30 June 2018. Refer to Note 28




                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Directory
Subsequent events for further information.




                                                                                                    SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                 [82]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

25     Related party disclosures
As at, and throughout the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2018, the ultimate parent entity of the Group was Sandﬁre Resources NL.
Information in relation to interest in other entities is set out in Note 23 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
                                                                                                                            2018                      2017
                                                                                                                               $                         $
Short-term employee beneﬁts                                                                                            3,627,808                 3,597,453
Long-term employee beneﬁts                                                                                                59,400                    55,036
Termination beneﬁts                                                                                                             -                  305,555
Post-employment beneﬁts                                                                                                  111,271                   105,654
Share-based payments                                                                                                   1,937,830                   714,378
Total compensation                                                                                                     5,736,309                 4,778,076

The amounts disclosed in the table represent the amount expensed during the reporting period related to KMP.

Transactions with KMP
Certain KMP, as listed below, or their related parties, hold positions in other entities that result in them having control or signiﬁcant inﬂuence of those
entities. The transactions with related parties are made on terms eqivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transaction. There have been no guarantees
provided or received for any related party receiveables or payables. The Company’s related party transactions with Resource Development Company Pty Ltd
and Tongaat Pty Ltd have existed since Sandﬁre Resources NL was a junior exploration company and relate to the provision of corporate administrative,
clerical and accounting services and the provision of corporate ofﬁce parking.

                                                                                    Transactions value                       Balance outstanding
                                                                                    year ended 30 June                          as at 30 June
KMP and their Director                                                                2018                   2017                2018                 2017
related entity                     Transaction                                           $                      $                   $                    $
Karl Simich – Tongaat Pty Ltd      Lease of corporate ofﬁce                           9,600                 9,600                    -                    -
                                   parking premises
Karl Simich – Resource             Lease of corporate ofﬁce                           9,300                 9,300                    -                    -
Development Company Pty Ltd        parking premises
Karl Simich – Resource             Corporate and ﬁnancial                          716,877               636,047                     -                    -
Development Company Pty Ltd        services
                                                                                   735,777               654,947                     -                    -




[83]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                  Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Other notes
26        Share-based payments
The expense recognised during the current and previous ﬁnancial year relating to share-based payments are:




                                                                                                                                                                                  Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                                                                                                                          2018                          2017
                                                                                                            Note                          $000                          $000
Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payments – SFR A                                         26(i), (ii)                      1,174                          992
                                                                          B
Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payments – TAU                                                                              119                          148
Expense arising from cash-settled share-based payments – SFR C                                             26(iii)                          989                          (17)
Total expense arising from share-based payment transactions                                                                               2,282                        1,123
A      Long-term Incentive Plan.
B      Relates to Sandﬁre America employee share-based payment plans. Detailed disclosure of the plan has not been made as the amount is not considered material for the Group.
C      Long-term Indexed Bonus Plan.

Recognition and measurement
Equity-settled transactions
The Group provides beneﬁts to its employees and contractors (including key management personnel) in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees
render services in exchange for rights over shares (equity-settled transactions).




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report
The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made. That cost is recognised, together with a
corresponding increase in the share based payment reserve in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulﬁlled. The
cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reﬂects the extent to which the vesting period
has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The income statement expense or credit for a period
represents the movement in cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period and is recognised in employee beneﬁts expense.
No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest, except for equity-settled transactions for which vesting is conditional upon a market or non-
vesting condition. These are treated as vested irrespective of whether or not the market or non-vesting condition is satisﬁed, provided that all other performance
and/or service conditions are satisﬁed.
When the terms of an equity-settled award are modiﬁed, the minimum expense recognised is the expense had the terms not been modiﬁed. An additional
expense is recognised for any modiﬁcation that increases the total fair value of the share-based payment transaction, or is otherwise beneﬁcial to the employee
as measured at the date of modiﬁcation.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional ASX Information
The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reﬂected as additional share dilution in the computation of diluted earnings per share.

Cash-settled transactions
The Group has also provided beneﬁts to Executive Directors in the form of cash-settled share-based payments, whereby Executive Directors render services in
exchange for cash, the amounts of which are determined by reference to movements in the price of the shares of Sandﬁre Resources NL.
The ultimate cost of these cash-settled transactions will be equal to the actual cash paid to the Director, which will be the fair value at settlement date. The
cumulative cost recognised until settlement is recognised as a liability and the periodic determination of this liability is as follows:
      • At each reporting date between grant and settlement, the fair value of the award is determined;
      • During the vesting period, the liability recognised at each reporting date is the fair value of the award at that date multiplied by the percentage of the
        vesting period completed;
      • From the end of the vesting period until settlement, the liability recognised is the full fair value of the liability at the reporting date; and




                                                                                                                                                                                  Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
      • All changes in the liability are recognised in employee beneﬁts expense for the period.

(i)       Long-term Incentive Plan (LTI Plan)
Listed below are the terms and conditions of issues made by the Group during the current and previous ﬁnancial year.

                                                                                                                                             Vesting            Performance
                                                                                                                   A
Grant date                                                                                   Number                    Fair value               date                  period
FY2018
30 June 2018                                                                                108,892                        $5.38         1 Oct 2021                   3 years
29 November 2017                                                                            196,198                        $3.61         1 Oct 2020                   3 years
FY2017
30 June 2017                                                                                179,557                        $3.38         1 Oct 2020                   3 years
18 November 2016                                                                            216,174                        $3.87         1 Oct 2019                   3 years
A      Represents the fair value per right at grant date.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Directory
Under the LTI Plan, awards are made to executives and other management personnel (collectively referred to as senior management) who have an impact on the
Group’s performance. LTI awards are delivered in the form of performance rights over ordinary shares in the Company for no consideration, which vest over a
service period of 3 years subject to meeting performance measures, with no opportunity to retest. Performance rights granted under the LTI Plan are not entitled
to dividends nor do they have voting rights. Refer to the Group’s Remuneration Report for further details on the plan.


                                                                                                   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                [84]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

26      Share-based payments (continued)
Pricing model
The following table lists the assumptions used in determining the fair value of performance rights granted during the current and previous ﬁnancial year.

                                                                                         Grant Date                                   Grant Date
                                                                                  29 Jun 18             29 Nov 17             30 Jun 17             18 Nov 16
Fair value at measurement date                                                        $5.38                 $3.61                 $3.38                   $3.87
Underlying share price                                                                $9.16                 $6.42                 $5.65                   $6.12
Dividend yield                                                                       4.40%                 3.50%                  3.40%                 1.94%
Expected volatility                                                                 40.00%                40.00%                40.00%                40.00%
Risk-free rate                                                                         2.1%                  1.9%                 2.58%                 1.89%
Expected life (years)                                                                    3.0                   2.6                    3.0                   2.6

The fair value of performance rights granted is estimated at the date of grant using a Monte-Carlo simulation model, taking into account the terms and
conditions upon which the rights were granted. The model simulates the TSR and compares it against the comparator group constituting companies in the
S&P/ASX200 Resources Index (ASX: XJR). It takes into account historical and expected dividends, and the share price ﬂuctuation covariance of the Company
and the comparator group to predict the distribution of relative share performance.

Movements during the year
The movement in the number of performance rights during the year is set out below.

                                                                                                                             2018                       2017
                                                                                                                           Number                     Number
Opening balance                                                                                                          1,066,901                    799,059
Rights granted during the year                                                                                             305,090                    395,732
Rights vested and exercised during the year                                                                              (161,106)                           -
Rights lapsed or forfeited during the year                                                                                (77,566)                  (127,890)
Closing balance                                                                                                          1,133,319                  1,066,901

(ii)    Long-term Incentive Option Plan (IOP Plan)
The IOP Plan was created to align senior management awards with shareholder value. Awards under the plan were provided as a grant of options over
ordinary shares for no consideration. With the introduction of the LTI Plan, no further awards have been made under the IOP Plan. As at 30 June 2018 the
number of outstanding options under the plan was 1,410,000 with exercise price ranging from $7.60 to $10.00, all of which expire on the 15th July 2018.
There are no voting or dividend rights attached to the options. Voting rights will be attached to the ordinary issued shares when the options have been
exercised.
The movement in the number of share options during the year is set out below.

                                                                                                                             2018                       2017
                                                                                                                           Number                     Number
Outstanding at 1 July                                                                                                    1,695,000                  1,695,000
Exercised during the year                                                                                                (285,000)                           -
Outstanding and exercisable at 30 June                                                                                   1,410,000                  1,695,000

The outstanding balance at 30 June 2018 is represented by:

                                                                                                                                                     On issue
Options expiring on or before                                                                                        Exercise Price                 30 Jun 18
15 July 2018                                                                                                                 $7.60                    365,000
15 July 2018                                                                                                                 $8.80                    480,000
15 July 2018                                                                                                                $10.00                    565,000
                                                                                                                                                   1,410,000^

^ Subsequent to year end 750,000 options were exercised, the remaining 660,000 options lapsed.

(iii)   Long-term Indexed Bonus Plan (LTIB Plan)
The LTIB Plan was created to align Executive Director rewards with shareholder value and was provided as a grant of conditional rights. It is the current
intention of the Board that awards issued under the LTIB Plan will be settled in cash where the participant realises value from the rights. Historically, grants
that have realised value have been cash-settled.
With the introduction of the LTI Plan, no further awards have been made under the LTIB Plan. Outstanding awards under the LTIB Plan include the conditional
rights previously issued to the CEO, which expire on 15 December 2018. An amount of $906,406 became payable under the plan for the year ended 30 June
2018 (2017: nil).

[85]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                      Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

27      Provisions
                                                                                                                                2018                        2017
                                                                                                                                $000                        $000
Current




                                                                                                                                                                      Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Employee beneﬁts                                                                                                                4,255                      3,352
Non-current
Employee beneﬁts                                                                                                                1,624                      1,529
Rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling                                                                                   27,843                      23,005
                                                                                                                              29,467                      24,534

The movement in the rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling provision during the ﬁnancial year is set out below.

                                                                                                                                2018
                                                                                                                                $000
At 1 July                                                                                                                     23,005
Arising during the year                                                                                                         4,335
Unwinding of discount                                                                                                             314
Inﬂation and discount rate adjustments                                                                                            189




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report
At 30 June                                                                                                                    27,843

Recognition and measurement
General
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outﬂow of
resources embodying economic beneﬁts will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the reporting
date. The discount rate used to determine the present value of the provision reﬂects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
speciﬁc to the liability. The increase in the provision resulting from the unwinding of the discounting on the provision is recognised as a ﬁnance cost.

Rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional ASX Information
The Group recognises a provision for the estimate of the future costs of restoration activities on a discounted basis at the time of exploration or mining
disturbance. The nature of these restoration activities includes dismantling and removing structures, rehabilitating mines and tailings dams, dismantling
operating facilities, closure of plant and waste sites, and restoration, reclamation and re-vegetation of affected areas.
When the liability is initially recognised, the present value of the estimated costs is capitalised by increasing the carrying amount of the related assets to
the extent that it was incurred by the development/construction of the asset. Rehabilitation and restoration obligations arising from the Group’s exploration
activities are recognised immediately in the income statement.
If a change to the estimated provision results in an increase in the rehabilitation liability and therefore an addition to the carrying value of the related asset,
the Group considers whether this is an indication of impairment of the asset. If the revised assets, net of rehabilitation provisions, exceed the recoverable
amount, that portion of the increase to the provision is charged directly to the income statement.

Key estimates and assumptions – Rehabilitation provisions
The Group assesses its rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling (rehabilitation) provision at each reporting date. Signiﬁcant estimates and assumptions




                                                                                                                                                                      Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
are made in determining the provision as there are numerous factors that will affect the ultimate amount payable. These factors include estimates of the
extent and costs of rehabilitation activities, technological changes, regulatory changes, cost increases as compared to the inﬂation rates, and changes in
discount rates. These uncertainties may result in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided. The provision at reporting date
represents management’s best estimate of the present value of the future rehabilitation costs.

Employee Beneﬁts
(i)      Short term beneﬁts
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary beneﬁts and other short term beneﬁts expected to be settled within 12 months of the reporting
date are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the reporting date. They are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are
settled. Expenses for non-accumulating sick leave are recognised when the leave is taken and are measured at the rates paid or payable.

(ii)    Long service leave
The liability for long service leave is recognised and measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided
by employees up to the reporting date using the projected unit credit method. Consideration is given to future expected wage and salary levels, experience
of employee departures, and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the reporting date on high quality corporate
bonds with terms to maturity and currencies that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outﬂows.




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Directory
                                                                                           SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                            [86]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

28       Signiﬁcant events after the reporting date
Agreement to acquire Talisman Mining Ltd’s 30% interest in the Springﬁeld Joint Ventures
On 8 June 2018, Sandﬁre announced it reached in-principle agreement with Talisman Mining Ltd (“Talisman”; ASX:TLM) to acquire Talisman’s 30% interest in
the Springﬁeld Exploration and Mining Joint Ventures in the Doolgunna region of WA. The Company further announced it signed a binding conditional Sale and
Purchase Agreement relating to the acquisition on 6 August 2018 (Transaction).
The purchase price comprises $72.3 million for Talisman’s subsidiary, Talisman A Pty Ltd, on a debt-free and cash-free basis and an ongoing 1% Net Smelter
Return (NSR) royalty payable to Talisman on any future discoveries at Springﬁeld Joint Ventures (NSR Royalty). Sandﬁre will also be required to pay stamp
duty in relation to the Transaction and has also incurred other transaction costs.
Through its acquisition of Talisman A, Sandﬁre will also assume the existing 2.25% gross revenue royalty held by Taurus Mining Finance Fund payable on
30% of the copper and gold produced from the Monty deposit area, capped at 29,700t of copper and 16,500oz of gold from the Monty deposit area (based on
a 30% revenue share).
Completion of the Transaction is subject to approval by a simple majority of Talisman’s shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting scheduled to be
held in October 2018.

Investment in White Rock Minerals Ltd
Subsequent to year end, Sandﬁre acquired a 14.22% interest in White Rock Minerals Ltd (“White Rock”; ASX: WRM), with the parties also agreeing to
formalise a strategic relationship in relation to White Rock’s high-grade Red Mountain Zinc VMS Project in Alaska.
The investment was completed via an equity placement of 208,333,334 shares at $0.012 (1.2 cents) per share, for total consideration of $2.5 million.
Sandﬁre was also issued 104,166,667 unlisted options with an expiry date of 10 July 2021 and an exercise price of A$0.02 (2 cents) per option.
As at the date of this report, the Company’s interest in White Rock is 12.73%.
Further details of the investment are outlined in White Rock’s ASX Announcement titled, ‘White Rock enters into a strategic relationship with Sandﬁre’, dated
10 July 2018.

Farm-in agreement with Alchemy Resources Ltd
Subsequent to year end, Sandﬁre agreed to acquire Independence Group NL’s (“IGO”; ASX: IGO) Bryah Basin Project Farm-in Rights with Alchemy Resources
Ltd (“Alchemy”; ASX: ALY). The agreement transfers all of IGO’s rights and remaining obligations associated with the original Letter Agreement between
Alchemy and IGO dated 29 January 2014 to Sandﬁre, including the $3.1 million remaining spend to earn up to an 80% interest, with an earn-in expiry date of
28 October 2019.
Further details of the agreement are outlined in Alchemy’s ASX Announcement titled, ‘Sandﬁre Acquires IGO’s Farm-in Interests in Alchemy’s Bryah Basin
Project, WA’, dated 6 August 2018.

Dividends
Subsequent to year end, the Directors of the Company announced a ﬁnal dividend on ordinary shares in respect of the 2018 ﬁnancial year. The total amount
of the dividend is $30.3 million, which represents a fully franked dividend of 19 cents per share. The dividend has not been provided for in the 30 June 2018
Financial Statements.

Exercise of options
Subsequent to year end, the Company announced the following issue of ordinary shares from the exercise of unlisted options.

Number                                 Exercise Price                Expiry date
340,000                                        $7.60               15 July 2018
410,000                                        $8.80               15 July 2018

The exercise of 140,000 options with an exercise price of $7.60 and 140,000 options with an exercise price of $8.80, related to options previously issued as
remuneration to Key Management Personnel of the Group.

Expiry of options
Subsequent to year end, the Company announced the expiry of the following unlisted options over ordinary shares.

Number                                 Exercise Price                Expiry date
25,000                                         $7.60               15 July 2018
70,000                                         $8.80               15 July 2018
565,000                                       $10.00               15 July 2018




[87]      SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                      Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

29     Accounting standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective
The standards and interpretations that have been issued or amended but not yet effective that the Group reasonably expects will have an impact on its
disclosures, ﬁnancial position or performance of the Group when applied are disclosed below. The Group intends to adopt these standards when they become
effective. Other standards and interpretations that are issued, but not yet effective, are not expected to impact the Group and therefore have not been
detailed below.




                                                                                                                                                                      Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
AASB 9 Financial Instruments
Classiﬁcation and measurement of ﬁnancial assets
Except for certain trade receivables, an entity initially measures a ﬁnancial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a ﬁnancial asset not at fair value
through proﬁt or loss, transaction costs. Debt instruments are subsequently measured at fair value through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL), amortised cost, or fair
value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), on the basis of their contractual cash ﬂows and the business model under which the debt instruments
are held.
There is a fair value option (FVO) that allows ﬁnancial assets on initial recognition to be designated as FVTPL if that eliminates or signiﬁcantly reduces an
accounting mismatch.
Equity instruments are generally measured at FVTPL. However, there is an irrevocable option on an instrument-by-instrument basis to present changes in the
fair value of non-trading instruments in other comprehensive income (OCI) without subsequent reclassiﬁcation to proﬁt or loss.

Classiﬁcation and measurement of ﬁnancial liabilities
For ﬁnancial liabilities designated as FVTPL using the FVO, the amount of change in the fair value of such ﬁnancial liabilities that is attributable to changes
in credit risk must be presented in OCI. The remainder of the change in fair value is presented in proﬁt or loss, unless presentation in OCI of the fair value
change in respect of the liability’s credit risk would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in proﬁt or loss.




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report
All other Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement classiﬁcation and measurement requirements for ﬁnancial liabilities have been carried
forward into AASB 9, including the embedded derivative separation rules and the criteria for using the FVO.

Impairment
The impairment requirements for receivables not carried at FVTPL are based on an expected credit loss (ECL) model that replaces the AASB 139 incurred loss
model. The ECL model applies to debt instruments accounted for at amortised cost or at FVOCI, most loan commitments, ﬁnancial guarantee contracts and
contract assets under AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Entities are generally required to recognise 12-month ECL on initial recognition (or
when the commitment or guarantee was entered into) and thereafter as long as there is no signiﬁcant deterioration in credit risk. However, if there has been
a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk on an individual or collective basis, then entities are required to recognise lifetime ECL. For trade receivables, a simpliﬁed
approach may be applied whereby the lifetime ECL are always recognised.

Hedge accounting




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional ASX Information
Hedge effectiveness testing is prospective, without the 80% to 125% bright line test in AASB 139, and, depending on the hedge complexity, will often be
qualitative.
A risk component of a ﬁnancial or non-ﬁnancial instrument may be designated as the hedged item if the risk component is separately identiﬁable and
reliably measureable.
The time value of an option, any forward element of a forward contract and any foreign currency basis spread can be excluded from the hedging instrument
designation and can be accounted for as costs of hedging.
More designations of groups of items as the hedged item are possible, including layer designations and some net positions.

Transition
The Group has adopted the new standard effective from the date 1 July 2018 and will not restate comparative information.

Impact




                                                                                                                                                                      Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
The Group has assessed the impact of adoption of AASB 9 and it is not expected signiﬁcant impact to the Group’s ﬁnancial position or equity. Trade
receivables subject to provisional pricing adjustment are currently carried at FVTPL and will continue to be treated similarly under AASB 9. The impairment
requirements will generally result in earlier recognition of credit losses for receivables not recorded at fair value and the new hedging model may lead to more
economic hedging strategies meeting the requirements for hedge accounting, although both these items are not expected to have a signiﬁcant impact to the
Group.




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Directory
                                                                                           SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                            [88]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

29       Accounting standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective (continued)

AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Classiﬁcation and measurement
AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers replaces the existing revenue recognition standards AASB 111 Construction Contracts, AASB 118
Revenue and related Interpretations. AASB 15 incorporates the requirements of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and developed jointly with the US Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB).
AASB 15 speciﬁes the accounting treatment for revenue arising from contracts with customers (except for contracts within the scope of other accounting
standards such as leases or ﬁnancial instruments). The core principle of AASB 15 is revenue is recognised at an amount that reﬂects the consideration to
which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer, when control passes.
Under AASB 15 the Group recognises revenue by applying the following ﬁve-step model.
     a) Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.
     b) Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.
     c) Step 3: Determine the transaction price.
     d) Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract.
     e) Step 5: Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisﬁes a performance obligation.

Transition
The Group has adopted the new standard effective from the date 1 July 2018 using the full retrospective method.
Impact
The group has assessed the impact of AASB 15 and has detailed below the likely impacts to the Group.

(a)    Presentation of provisionally priced sales
The Group’s sales of concentrate contain provisional pricing features which are considered to be embedded derivatives.
Under AASB 15, concentrate revenue is recognised at the estimated amount of the consideration receivable when the control of the concentrate is transferred,
which is usually when it passes the ship’s rail. The consideration that the Group expects to be entitled to is based on the most recently determined estimate
of metal in concentrate (based on initial assay results) and the estimated forward price that the entity expects to receive at the end of the provisionally
priced period. The movements from the forward price is considered to be an embedded derivative from the pricing mechanism.
AASB 15 requires that if a contract is partially within scope of this standard and partially in the scope of another standard, an entity will ﬁrst apply the
separation and measurement requirements of the other standard(s). Therefore the embedded derivative included in the provisional pricing features will be
outside the scope of AASB 15 and the Group will continue to account for these in accordance with the ﬁnancial instruments standard (AASB 9 from 1 July
2018).
Consistent with current treatment, the initial estimate of the fair value of the embedded derivative and subsequent changes in fair value are also estimated
by reference to forward market prices. The subsequent changes in fair value due to the embedded derivative are recognised in the income statement each
period until ﬁnal settlement.
With respect to the presentation of amounts arising from such provisionally priced contracts, AASB 15 requires “revenue from contracts with customers”
to be disclosed separately from other types of revenue. Consistent with current practice this means that revenue recognised from the initial sale must be
separately disclosed in the ﬁnancial statements from any revenue/income recognised from subsequent movements in the fair value of the related concentrate
receivable where material. Changes in the fair value of concentrate receivable is currently separately disclosed in the line item “Realised and unrealised
price adjustment gain (loss)” within the income statement.

(a)     Presentation of treatment and reﬁning costs
The Group’s sales contracts with customers include costs for the treatment and reﬁning of the concentrate to extract the contained metal from the
concentrate. Treatment and reﬁning costs are currently disclosed as a production cost in the income statement. AASB 15 requires that for each contract
performance obligation identiﬁed, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation and revenue is recognised when the performance
obligation is satisﬁed. Under AASB 15 the delivery of concentrate has been identiﬁed as a performance obligation which, based on existing contracts, will be
satisﬁed when the concentrate is loaded for shipment, which is also the point in time when tittle passes to the buyer. The transaction price allocated to this
performance obligation will be net of any further treatment and reﬁning costs required to extract the contained metal from the concentrate. Under AASB 15
treatment and reﬁning costs will longer be disclosed as part of production costs as it will form part of the allocated transaction price in determining revenue
from concentrate sales. This change will have no impact on the reported proﬁt or loss or net assets. Treatment and reﬁning costs for the current year are
disclosed in Note 3 Segment Information.




[89]      SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                   Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

29       Accounting standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective (continued)

AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (continued)
(b)     Impact of shipping terms
The Group sells some of its concentrate on CIF and CFR Incoterms. This means that the Group is responsible for arranging shipping services after the date at




                                                                                                                                                                   Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
which control of the concentrate passes to the customer at the port of loading, i.e., when it crosses the ship’s rail. Under AASB 118, these shipping services
are currently not considered to represent a separate service, hence, no revenue is allocated to them. Instead, concentrate revenue is recognised in full at the
date the concentrate passes the ship’s rail, and the costs associated with shipping the goods are considered to be part of cost of sales. Under AASB 15, the
provision of shipping services in these types of arrangements will be a distinct service (and therefore a separate performance obligation) to which a portion
of the transaction price should be allocated and recognised over time as the shipping services are provided. The impact of these changes include:
     • Deferral of revenue: When sales are made under CIF and CFR shipping terms some of the revenue currently recognised when the concentrate passes
       the ship’s rail will be deferred and recognised as the shipping services are subsequently provided; and
     • Disaggregated disclosures: The revenue allocated to shipping services may need to be disclosed separately from concentrate revenue (where
       material), either on the face of the income statement or in the notes.
The Group has determined that while these changes will impact some of its arrangements, the overall year on year impact on the timing of revenue
recognition will likely not be material and consequently such revenue will not be disclosed separately unless it becomes material in future reporting periods.
AASB 16 Leases
Classiﬁcation and measurement
AASB 16 sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases and requires lessees to account for all leases under
a single on-balance sheet model similar to the accounting for ﬁnance leases under AASB 117. This new standard replaces the following standards and
interpretations:




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
     • AASB 117 Leases;
     • Interpretation 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease;
     • SIC-15 Operating Leases—Incentives; and
     • SIC-27 Evaluating the Substance of Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease.
AASB 16 includes two recognition exemptions for lessees: leases of ’low-value’ assets; and short-term leases (i.e., leases with a lease term of 12 months or
less). At the commencement date of a lease, a lessee will recognise a liability to make lease payments (i.e., the lease liability) and an asset representing the
right to use the underlying asset during the lease term (i.e., the right-of-use asset). Lessees will be required to separately recognise the interest expense on
the lease liability and the depreciation expense on the right-of-use asset.
Lessees will be also required to remeasure the lease liability upon the occurrence of certain events (e.g., a change in the lease term, a change in future
lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine those payments). The lessee will generally recognise the amount of the re-




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional ASX Information
measurement of the lease liability as an adjustment to the right-of-use asset.

Transition
AASB 16 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. Early application is permitted, but not before an entity applies AASB 15. The
Group plans to apply the standard effective from 1 July 2019.

Impact
The Group has commenced a process to gather relevant information and contracts that will be assessed in light of the new requirements and will assess the
potential effect of AASB 16 on its consolidated ﬁnancial statements during the year ended 30 June 2019. It is likely the adoption of the standard will increase
the reported leased assets and lease liabilities recognised by the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                   Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Directory
                                                                                          SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                           [90]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

30      Auditor remuneration
The auditor of Sandﬁre Resources NL is Ernst & Young (EY) Australia.

                                                                                             2018      2017
                                                                                                $         $
Amounts received or due and receivable by EY (Australia) for:
An audit and review of the ﬁnancial report of the entity and any other entity in the
consolidated group                                                                         332,885   294,840
Other services in relation to the entity and any other entity in the consolidated group:
Taxation services (R&D)                                                                     21,850    34,948
Other advisory services                                                                     10,300    23,500
                                                                                           365,035   353,288


Amounts received or due and receivable by related practices of EY for:
An audit and review of the ﬁnancial report of the entity and any other entity in the
consolidated group                                                                          68,279    50,742
Other services in relation to the entity and any other entity in the consolidated group:
Taxation services                                                                           41,903    74,568
Other advisory services                                                                     51,494    54,730
                                                                                           161,676   180,040




[91]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                         Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Directors’ Declaration

In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of Sandﬁre Resources NL, I state that:
1. In the opinion of the Directors:
    a) the ﬁnancial statements and notes of Sandﬁre Resources NL for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2018 are in accordance
       with the Corporations Act 2001, including:




                                                                                                                                                         Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
        (i) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s ﬁnancial position as at 30 June 2018 and of its
            performance for the year ended on that date; and
        (ii) complying with Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001;
    b) the ﬁnancial statements and notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in Note 2; and
    c) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.
2. This declaration has been made after receiving the declarations required to be made to the Directors by the chief executive ofﬁcer and chief
   ﬁnancial ofﬁcer in accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 for the ﬁnancial year ending 30 June 2018.


On behalf of the Board




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report
Derek La Ferla                                                   Karl Simich
Non-Executive Chairman                                           Managing Director and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
West Perth, 29 August 2018




                                                                                                                                                         Additional ASX Information




                                                                                                                                                         Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Directory
                                                                                            SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                 [92]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                 Ernst & Young                               Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                 11 Mounts Bay Road                          Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                 Perth WA 6000 Australia                     ey.com/au
                                                 GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843




           Af\]h]f\]flYm\algjkj]hgjllgl`]E]eZ]jkg^KYf\^aj]J]kgmj[]kFD

           Report on the audit of the financial report
           Opinion

           We have audited the financial report of Sandfire Resources NL (the Company) and its subsidiaries
           (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June
           2018, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
           and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, notes to the financial statements,
           including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors' declaration.

           In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act
           2001, including:

           a)        giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2018
                     and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

           b)        complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

           Basis for opinion

           We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
           those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
           Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
           independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting
           Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the
           Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other
           ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

           We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
           our opinion.

           Key audit matters

           Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
           audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
           of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a separate
           opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter
           is provided in that context.

           We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
           Financial Report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
           included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material
           misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures
           performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying
           financial report.




           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited                                                            FD:FS:SFR:052
           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




[93]   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                   Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                   Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                                                                                                                                     2




         )&        NYdmYlagfg^ljY\]j][]anYZd]k

           O`qka_fa^a[Yfl                                                                @gogmjYm\alY\\j]kk]\l`]c]qYm\aleYll]j

           As disclosed in Note 16 of the financial report, copper                         We assessed the methodologies, inputs and assumptions
           concentrate sales are subject to a quotational pricing                          used by the Group in determining the fair values.
           period. During the quotational pricing period the
                                                                                           We compared observable inputs into the Group’s valuation
           consideration from the sale of copper concentrate is
                                                                                           model, such as quoted prices, to externally available
           adjusted for changes in the copper prices, with final
                                                                                           market data.
           consideration determined based on the prevailing




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
           copper price at the end of the quotational pricing                              We assessed the fair value measurement of trade
           period.                                                                         receivables still subject to quotational pricing adjustments
                                                                                           as at 30 June 2018, using 30 June 2018 market copper
           As revenue is recognised prior to the completion of
                                                                                           forward prices.
           the quotational pricing period, the quotational pricing
           adjustment feature is considered to be a derivative
           financial instrument. To account for the quotational
           pricing feature, trade receivables are measured at fair
           value.
           In determining the fair value of trade receivables, a
           key input is the expected copper price at the
           completion of the quotational pricing period, based on
           market forward copper prices. Changes in market
           forward copper prices can significantly impact the fair
           value of trade receivables and the unrealised price




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional ASX Information
           adjustment, being a gain or loss, is recognised in the
           consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


         *&        J][g_falagfYf\e]Ykmj]e]flg^j]`YZadalYlagf$j]klgjYlagfYf\\akeYfldaf_
                   hjgnakagfk

           O`qka_fa^a[Yfl                                                                @gogmjYm\alY\\j]kk]\l`]c]qYm\aleYll]j

           As disclosed in Note 27 of the financial report, the                            We evaluated the legal and/or constructive obligations with
           Group has rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling                           respect to the rehabilitation, restoration and dismantling
           provisions of $27.8 million at 30 June 2018. The                                provisions for the Degrussa and Monty operations and the
           calculation of these provisions requires judgment in                            intended method of restoration and rehabilitation and the
           estimating the future costs, the timing as to when the                          associated cost estimates.
           future costs will be incurred and the determination of




                                                                                                                                                                   Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
                                                                                           We considered the qualifications, competence and
           an appropriate rate to discount the future costs to net
                                                                                           objectivity of the external experts the Group engaged who
           present value.
                                                                                           produced the cost estimates.
           The Group reviews the underlying costs used to
                                                                                           We assessed the accuracy of the calculations and the
           calculate the rehabilitation, restoration and
                                                                                           appropriateness of the discount rates.
           dismantling provisions on a semi-annual basis, using
           external experts to provide support in its assessment
           as appropriate. This review incorporates the
           identification of any new rehabilitation, restoration
           and dismantling obligations that have arisen, an
           assessment of the underlining assumptions used,
           effects of any changes in local regulations, and the
           expected approach to restoration and rehabilitation.




         A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited                                                                                      FD:FS:SFR:052
         Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Directory
                                                                                                  SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                     [94]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                      3




           +&        ;Yjjqaf_nYdm]g^afn]flgja]k

             O`qka_fa^a[Yfl                                                                @gogmjYm\alY\\j]kk]\l`]c]qYm\aleYll]j

             As disclosed in Note 17 of the financial report, the                            We considered whether the Group’s accounting policies in
             Group held inventories as at 30 June 2018 of $45.7                              respect of concentrate, ore stockpiles, stores and
             million, which related to concentrate, ore stockpiles,                          consumables and oxide copper stockpiles are consistent
             stores and consumables and oxide copper stockpiles.                             with Australian Accounting Standards.
             These inventories are valued at the lower of cost and                           We assessed the effectiveness of the relevant controls in
             net realisable value. Valuation at cost includes                                respect of the allocation of the mining costs at the
             different components such as allocated mining costs                             different stages of production to inventories.
             relating to the extraction of ore from the Degrussa
                                                                                             We selected a sample of mining related costs to evaluate
             mine. The determination of whether mining costs are
                                                                                             whether, based on their nature, they were allocated
             considered to be development costs or operating costs
                                                                                             appropriately (i.e. capitalised to inventories or mine
             capitalised to inventory involves a level of judgment,
                                                                                             properties).
             which can significantly impact the valuation of
             inventories and the amount recognised through the                               We tested that inventories are being appropriately costed
             consolidated statement of comprehensive income                                  based on allocated costs and production volumes.
             when the inventories are sold.

           Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon

           The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
           included in the Company’s 2018 Annual Report other than the financial report and our auditor’s report
           thereon. We obtained the Directors’ Report that is to be included in the Annual Report, prior to the date
           of this auditor’s report, and we expect to obtain the remaining sections of the Annual Report after the
           date of this auditor’s report.

           Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
           express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and
           our related assurance opinion.

           In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
           in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or
           our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

           If, based on the work we have performed on the other information obtained prior to the date of this
           auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
           required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

           Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report

           The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
           and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for
           such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
           report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
           error.




           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited                                                                                     FD:FS:SFR:052
           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




[95]   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                            Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
                                                                                                                              4




         In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
         continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the
         going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
         operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

         Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial report

         Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
         from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
         our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report
         conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
         misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
         individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
         users taken on the basis of this financial report.

         As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
         judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

         Ź         Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud
                   or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
                   that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
                   material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud
                   may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
                   internal control.




                                                                                                                                            Additional ASX Information
         Ź         Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                   procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
                   opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

         Ź         Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                   estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

         Ź         Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
                   based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
                   conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If
                   we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
                   report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
                   modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
                   auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as




                                                                                                                                            Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
                   a going concern.

         Ź         Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                   disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a
                   manner that achieves fair presentation.

         Ź         Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                   business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                   responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
                   responsible for our audit opinion.




         A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited                                                               FD:FS:SFR:052
         Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Directory
                                                                                           SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018     [96]
Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                   5




           We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
           audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
           identify during our audit.

           We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
           regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
           reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

           From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
           significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
           matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
           disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should
           not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be
           expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

           Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
           Opinion on the Remuneration Report

           We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the directors' report for the year ended 30 June
           2018.

           In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Sandfire Resources NL for the year ended 30 June 2018,
           complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

           Responsibilities

           The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
           Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an
           opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian
           Auditing Standards.




           Ernst & Young




           F Drummond
           Partner
           Perth
           29 August 2018




           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited                                                  FD:FS:SFR:052
           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




[97]   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability
ADDITIONAL ASX INFORMATION
Additional shareholder information required by the ASX Limited Listing Rules and not disclosed elsewhere in this report are set out below. This information is
current as at 18 September 2018.

Capital
Share capital comprised 159,558,793 fully paid ordinary shares and the Company had 4,241 holders of ordinary fully paid shares.




                                                                                                                                                                 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Distribution of shareholders
                                                                                                                Percentage of
Range                                                         Total holders          Number of shares          issued capital
1 – 1,000                                                            2,199                     897,790                  0.56
1,001 – 5,000                                                        1,500                   3,654,293                  2.29
5,001 – 10,000                                                         269                   1,989,851                  1.25
10,001 – 100,000                                                       231                   5,759,886                  3.61
100,001 – and over                                                      42                147,256,973                  92.29

The number of shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of fully paid ordinary shares is 446.

Twenty largest holders of ordinary fully paid shares

Holder Name                                                                           Number of shares       Percentage held
1       HSBC Custody Nominees Australia Ltd                                                 75,118,903                  47.08




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
2       J P Morgan Nominees Australia Ltd                                                   27,712,109                  17.37
3       Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                           18,555,954                  11.63
4       National Nominees Ltd                                                                5,461,712                   3.42
5       Brispot Nominees Pty Ltd                                                             4,371,662                   2.74
6       BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd                                                         1,716,481                   1.08
7       Equitas Nominees Pty Ltd                                                             1,600,000                   1.00
8       BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd                                                         1,523,615                   0.95
9       Resource Development Company Pty Ltd                                                 1,486,786                   0.93
10 Kape Securities Pty Ltd                                                                     954,750                   0.60




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional ASX Information
11 Tongaat Pty Ltd                                                                             801,743                   0.50
12 CS Fourth Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                  783,498                   0.49
13 CS Third Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                   735,853                   0.46
14 UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                        624,608                   0.39
15 Mr William John Evans and Mrs Carolina Maria Theresia Evans                                 552,515                   0.35
16 AMP Life Ltd                                                                                498,946                   0.31
17 Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                   435,047                   0.27
18 Ecapital Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                   380,009                   0.24
19 Merrill Lynch Australia Nominees Pty Ltd                                                    313,233                   0.20




                                                                                                                                                                 Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer
20 National Nominees Ltd                                                                       308,635                   0.19
Total                                                                                     143,936,059                   90.20

Substantial shareholders of Sandﬁre Resources NL
The Company has received the following notices of substantial shareholding (Notice):

                                                                               Relevant interest per the
Substantial shareholder                       Date received                   Notice - number of shares
Vinva Investment Management                   31 May 2016                                    9,510,139
LSV Asset Management                          22 March 2018                                  8,061,413
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc.           25 June 2018                                   9,823,016
Morgan Stanley                                18 September 2018                              8,271,999




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Directory
                                                                                              SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                     [98]
Additional ASX Information (continued)


Voting rights
The voting rights to security holders of the Company are set out in the Company’s Constitution and, in summary, each member has one vote for each fully
paid share held by the member in the Company. Holders of performance rights do not have voting rights.

Unquoted securities - performance rights
Class                                                                           Number                    Holders
Performance rights vesting not earlier than 1 July 2019                        410,000                          5
Performance rights vesting not earlier than 1 July 2020                        375,755                          5
Performance rights vesting not earlier than 1 July 2021                        108,892                          4

On-market buy back
The Company does not have a current buy-back plan.




[99]     SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                                   Sustainability
CAUTIONARY NOTES AND DISCLAIMER
This Annual Report has been prepared by Sandﬁre Resources NL (“Sandﬁre”) (ABN 55 105 154 185). This Annual Report contains general summary
information about Sandﬁre. The information, opinions or conclusions expressed in the course of this report should be read in conjunction with Sandﬁre’s other
periodic and continuous disclosure announcements lodged with the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), which are available on the Sandﬁre website.

Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements made within this report contain or comprise forward-looking statements regarding Sandﬁre Resources NL’s Mineral Resources and




                                                                                                                                                                   Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
Reserves, exploration operations, project development operations, production rates, life of mine, projected cash ﬂow, capital expenditure, operating costs and
other economic performance and ﬁnancial condition as well as general market outlook. Although Sandﬁre believes that the expectations reﬂected in such
forward-looking statements are reasonable, such expectations are only predictions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual values, results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed, implied or projected in any forward looking statements and no
assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct.
Accordingly, results could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements as a result of, among other factors, changes in economic
and market conditions, delays or changes in project development, success of business and operating initiatives, changes in the regulatory environment and
other government actions, ﬂuctuations in metals prices and exchange rates and business and operational risk management. Except for statutory liability
which cannot be excluded, each of Sandﬁre, its ofﬁcers, employees and advisors expressly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of
the material contained in this statement and excludes all liability whatsoever (including in negligence) for any loss or damage which may be suffered by any
person as a consequence of any information in this statement or any error or omission. Sandﬁre undertakes no obligation to update publicly or release any
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reﬂect events or circumstances after today’s date or to reﬂect the occurrence of unanticipated events other
than required by the Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules. Accordingly you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement.

Competent Person’s Statement – Exploration Results Doolgunna
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results at Doolgunna is based on information compiled by Mr Shannan Bamforth who is a Member
of The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. Mr Bamforth is a permanent employee of Sandﬁre Resources NL and has sufﬁcient experience that is




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as Competent Person as
deﬁned in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Mr Bamforth consents to the
inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

Competent Person’s Statement – Exploration Results Temora
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results at Temora is based on information compiled by Mr Bruce Hooper who is a Registered
Professional Geoscientist (RPGeo) of The Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Hooper is a permanent employee of Sandﬁre Resources NL and has
sufﬁcient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralization and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking
to qualify as Competent Person as deﬁned in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves. Mr Hooper consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

Exploration and Resource Targets
Any discussion in relation to the potential quantity and grade of Exploration Targets is only conceptual in nature. While Sandﬁre Resources NL is conﬁdent




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional ASX Information
that it will report additional JORC compliant resources for the DeGrussa Project, there has been insufﬁcient exploration to deﬁne mineral resources in
addition to the current JORC compliant Mineral Resource inventory and it is uncertain if further exploration will result in the determination of additional JORC
compliant Mineral Resources.




                                                                                                                                                                   Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Directory
                                                                                       SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018                           [100]
CORPORATE DIRECTORY
DIRECTORS
Derek La Ferla                 Independent Non-Executive Chairman
Karl Simich                    Managing Director and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
Robert Scott                   Independent Non-Executive Director
Paul Hallam                    Independent Non-Executive Director
Maree Arnason                  Independent Non-Executive Director
Roric Smith                    Independent Non-Executive Director

COMPANY SECRETARY
Matthew Fitzgerald             Chief Financial Ofﬁcer & Joint Company Secretary
Robert Klug                    Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer & Joint Company Secretary



REGISTERED OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                                  AUDITORS
Level 2, 10 Kings Park Road                                                        Ernst & Young
West Perth WA 6005                                                                 Ernst & Young Buillding
                                                                                   11 Mounts Bay Road
T: +61 8 6430 3800
F: +61 8 6430 3849                                                                 Perth WA 6000
E: admin@sandﬁre.com.au
W: www.sandﬁre.com.au
                                                                                   HOME EXCHANGE
                                                                                   Australian Securities Exchange Limited
SHARE REGISTRY                                                                     Level 40, Central Park
Security Transfer Australia Pty Ltd                                                152-158 St George’s Terrace
770 Canning Highway                                                                Perth WA 6000
Applecross WA 6153
                                                                                   ABN
T: 1300 992 916 (within Australia)
                                                                                   55 105 154 185
   +61 3 9628 2200
F: +61 8 9315 2233
                                                                                   ASX CODE
E: registrar@securitytransfer.com.au
                                                                                   Sandﬁre Resources NL shares are listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX).
                                                                                   Ordinary fully paid shares: SFR

Sandﬁre produces a range of publications, which can be downloaded or viewed at our website.




        OPPORTUNITY
         REDEFINED
          2018 ANNUAL REPORT




Annual Report                         Sustainability Report




      Stay up-to-date with the latest news at
      www.sandﬁre.com.au




[101]        SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
Sustainability   Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources   Financial Report   Additional ASX Information   Cautionary Notes and Disclaimer   Corporate Directory
                                                                                                                                                         [102]
                                                                                                                                                         SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
[103]   SANDFIRE RESOURCES ANNUAL REPORT 2018
SANDFIRE RESOURCES NL
Level 2, 10 Kings Park Road, West Perth WA 6005
T: +61 8 6430 3800 F: +61 8 6430 3849 E: admin@sandﬁre.com.au

www.sandﬁre.com.au
