                                                    Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited 金 輝 控 股（集 團）有 限 公 司
 Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited                                                                          Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited
 金 輝 控 股（集 團 ）有 限 公 司                                                                                               金 輝 控 股（ 集 團 ）有 限 公 司
（於 開 曼 群 島 註 冊 成 立 的 有 限 公 司）                                                                                       (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
（股 份 代 號 ：9993）                                                                                                     (Stock Code: 9993)




                                             2020                                                                                                                                  2020
                                                                                                                                                                                  Annual
                                              年 報                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                     Annual Report 2020 年 報
                                                      RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020    1



                                                                                          Contents
                                                                                                      ﻿


2     Corporate Profile
3     Corporate Information
4     Major Events of Radiance
13    Glossary and Definition
15    Chairman’s Statement
18    Performance Highlights
19    Management Discussion and Analysis
39    Biographies of Director and Senior Management
44    Corporate Governance Report
51    Directors’ Report
62    Independent Auditor’s Report
67    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
68    Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
70    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
71    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
73    Notes to Financial Statements
179   Financial Summary
              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     2        ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Corporate Profile
﻿


ABOUT RADIANCE
Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited (stock code: 9993.HK) is a reputable large property developer with national
presence, regional focus and leading positions in select cities, and we focus on providing quality residential properties to
first-time homebuyers and first-time upgraders. With over 20 years’ experience, we have expanded our operations into six
regions with strong growth potential in China, namely, the Yangtze River Delta, the Bohai Economic Rim, Southern China,
Central China, Southwestern China and Northwestern China.

We have expanded our residential property development business into different cities across the PRC and further
established four branded series: the New Block series（優步系）, the Elite’s Mansion series（雲著系）, the King’s Garden
series（銘著系）and the Metropolitan series（大城系）. In addition to residential property development, we started to engage
in the development, operation and management of commercial properties in 1999.

In terms of comprehensive strengths, we were ranked as one of “China’s Top 50 Real Estate Developers” by the China Real
Estate Association and the China Real Estate Appraisal Center of E-house China Research Institute for seven consecutive
years since 2014 and the 36th among “2020 China’s Top 50 Real Estate Developers”, and were ranked as one of “China’s
Top 10 Real Estate Developers of Comprehensive Strength”. We were ranked 37th among “China’s Top 100 Real Estate
Developers” by the Enterprise Research Institute of Development Research Center of the State Council, the Center for Real
Estate of Tsinghua University and the China Index Academy in 2020.

In the future, Radiance will continue to pursue quality products and services, and keep up in innovation, so as to make us a
leading enterprise and trustworthy brand in the industry.

Company Mission
Build properties with craftsmanship and make homes better.




Corporate Values




    Customer first    Accountability       Openness and         Innovation           Integrity            Pragmatism
                                           Inclusiveness

Corporate Vision
Devoted to improving the quality of our products and services through continuous innovation and aim to become a
trustworthy leading property developer in the PRC.
                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020     3



                                                             Corporate Information
                                                                                             ﻿


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                            REGISTERED OFFICE
Executive Directors                           PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                              Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Mr. Lam Ting Keung (Chairman)                 Cayman Islands
Mr. Lam Yu
Mr. Chen Chaorong                             HEAD OFFICE IN THE PRC
Mr. Huang Junquan
                                              42/F, Radiance Plaza
Independent non-executive Directors           Qiyang Road
Mr. Zhang Huaqiao                             Wangjing
Mr. Tse Yat Hong                              Chaoyang District
Mr. Chung Chong Sun                           Beijing
                                              PRC
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Chung Chong Sun (Chairman)                HONG KONG
Mr. Zhang Huaqiao
Mr. Tse Yat Hong                              Unit 6701-02, 67/F
                                              The Center
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                        99 Queen’s Road Central
                                              Central
Mr. Zhang Huaqiao (Chairman)                  Hong Kong
Mr. Tse Yat Hong
Mr. Chen Chaorong                             HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
                                              REGISTRAR
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                              Tricor Investor Services Limited
Mr. Lam Ting Keung (Chairman)                 Level 54, Hopewell Centre
Mr. Zhang Huaqiao                             183 Queen’s Road East
Mr. Chung Chong Sun                           Hong Kong

COMPANY SECRETARY                             CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
                                              REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. Chiu Ngam (FHKICPA, AICPA)
                                              Tricor Services (Cayman Islands) Limited
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                    Second Floor, Century Yard,
                                              Cricket Square P.O. Box 902
Mr. Chen Chaorong                             Grand Cayman
Mr. Chiu Ngam                                 KY1-1103
                                              Cayman Islands
AUDITOR
                                              PRINCIPAL BANKS
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants                  Agricultural Bank of China
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
22nd Floor, CITIC Tower                       Bank of China
1 Tim Mei Avenue                              China Construction Bank
Central                                       China Minsheng Bank
Hong Kong                                     China Merchants Bank
                                              China Everbright Bank
COMPLIANCE ADVISOR                            China Guangfa Bank
                                              Industrial Bank
Maxa Capital Limited
                                              WEBSITE
LEGAL ADVISER
                                              http://www.radiance.com.cn
Sidley Austin
                                              STOCK CODE
                                              9993
          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    4     ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Major Events of Radiance
﻿


2020
MARCH


    On 17 March 2020, China Index Academy issued a list of
    “2020 China Top 100 Real Estate Developer” where Radiance
    was ranked 37th. Radiance was rewarded two prizes, namely
    “2020 China Specialized Real Estate Company – Integrated
    Urban Operator”（ 2020中國特色地產運營優秀企業—城市綜
    合運營商）and “2020 China Top 100 Commercial Real Estate
    Developers”（ 2020年中國商業地產百強企業）, which once
    again recognised Radiance’s business capability and its
    position in the industry, and served as a critical role in
    promoting the sound operation of the industry.



                                                       On 18 March 2020, China Real Estate Association and China
                                                       Real Estate Appraisal Center（中國房地產測評中心）released
                                                       the list of the “2020 Best 500 China Real Estate Developers”
                                                       （2020中國房地產開發企業500強）, where Radiance Group
                                                       was ranked 36th in the “ List of Top 50 Enterprise in terms of
                                                       Comprehensive Strength”（綜合實力50強榜單）from its sound
                                                       and steady growth in business and high-quality operation. At
                                                       the same time, Radiance was also recognised as one of the
                                                       “2020 Best 10 of China Real Estate Developer in terms of
                                                       Comprehensive Strength”（ 2020中國房地產開發企業綜合發
                                                       展10強）for the 5 consecutive years, reflecting that the overall
                                                       strength of Radiance has been well-received and recognised
                                                       by professional institutions.



APRIL


    On 29 April 2020, the “Seventeenth (2020) Blue Chip Real
    Estate Annual Conference”（第十七屆（ 2020 ）藍籌年會）,
    organised by Economic Observer News（經觀新聞）, The
    Economic Observer (《經濟觀察報 》) and EEO.com.cn（經
    濟觀察網）, was held online with the theme of “Ambition,
    Lean, Refinement”（精進、精益、精緻）, and Radiance was
    awarded 2 titles, namely “Blue Chip Real Estate Enterprise”
    （藍籌地產企業）and “Well-established Enterprise with Steady
    Development”（穩健發展綜合實力企業）for its consolidated
    capability, strong performance, high quality, continuous
    innovation and steady development.
                                                        RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020                    5



                                                                                Major Events of Radiance
                                                                                                                          ﻿


JULY


   On 31 July 2020, Radiance completed the restoration of
   Fuzhou’s “Yijing Gucuo”（義井古厝）, one of the only two
   historical building complexes in Gulou District apart from
   Sanfang Qixiang（三坊七巷）, which was then opened to the
   public. Radiance’s conservation of the ancient buildings not only
   demonstrated its determination to promote and protect traditional
   Chinese architecture and culture, but also its commitment to grow
   with the city and cohabitate with it’s heritage.




                                                    At the “2020 China Real Estate Brand Conference”（ 2020中國房
                                                    地產品牌大會）, jointly organised by China Real Estate Business
                                                    and China Real Estate Thinktank on 31 July 2020, Radiance was
                                                    ranked 32nd in the “2020 Top 100 Chinese Real Estate Brand
                                                    Value”（ 2020中國房地產品牌價值TOP100）with a brand valuation
                                                    of RMB55.2 billion.




AUGUST


   “2020 China Real Estate Fashions Awards” were announced at the “2020
   Boao Real Estate Forum” organised by the Guandian Index Academy（觀點
   指數研究院）on 12 August 2020, in which Radiance Group was awarded
   the “2020 Top 30 Real Estate Enterprises of the Year in China in terms of
   Investment Value”（ 2020中國年度投資價值地產企業TOP30）in recognition
   of its value attained in steadily growing sales and enhancement in capital
   structure.



SEPTEMBER


                                                 The 24th anniversary of Radiance Group was held on 2 September
                                                 2020 in a joyful atmosphere. At the climax of the celebration, Radiance
                                                 debuted a new mascot “Jin Xiao Rui”（金小瑞）for its brand, which has
                                                 become a brand new mascot in the real estate industry by virtue of its
                                                 attractive look. Jin Xiao Rui will work together with Radiance in creating
                                                 a happy life in Radiance-style for users.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    6      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Major Events of Radiance
﻿


    At the “2020 China Real Estate Brand Value Research Findings Release Ceremony “（ 2020中國房地產品牌價值研
    究成果發佈會）organised by the China Index Academy on 10 September 2020, Radiance was listed in the “Top 21
    Brand of China Real Estate Companies (All Categories)”（中國房地產公司品牌價值TOP21（混合所有）, marking a
    37% increase in brand value, as well as a consolidated brand capability. Each of its projects under the name of “Warm
    Light Community”（暖光社區）, “Metropolitan Product Series” “大城產品系” and “Shaoxing Jinhui • Peninsula Cloud”
    （紹興金輝 • 半島雲著）were awarded the title of the “2020 Top 10 Leading Brand Value of China Residential Real
    Estate Company”（ 2020中國房地產住宅開發專業領先品牌價值TOP10）, the “2020 Top 10 Brand Value of China
    Real Estate with Series of Products”（ 2020中國房地產系列項目品牌價值TOP10）and the “2020 Top 10 Brand Value
    of China Real Estate High-end Projects”（ 2020中國房地產精品項目品牌價值TOP10）respectively.




    At the press conference of “China Real
    Estate Enterprise Brand Value” held on
    17 September 2020, jointly researched
    and released by China Real Estate
    Association, Shanghai E-House China
    R&D Institute（上海易居房地產研究院）
    and China Real Estate Appraisal Center,
    Radiance was recognised as the “2020
    Best 30 of China Real Estate Developers Brand Value” for the 3 consecutive year, marking a 35% increase in brand
    value, and as the “2020 Best 10 of Growth of China Real Estate Developers Brand Value “.



                                                                           On 17 September 2020, China Real
                                                                           Estate Association and China Real
                                                                           Estate Appraisal Center announced the
                                                                           research findings of the “Human Capital
                                                                           Value Assessment”（人 力 資 本 價 值 測
                                                                           評）, in which Radiance Group remained
                                                                           the “Best Employer in China Real
                                                                           Estate Industry”（中國房地產企業最佳
                                                                           僱主）and was listed in the “2020 Top
    30 China Real Estate Enterprises in terms of Human Capital Value”（ 2020中國房企人力資本價值30強）and
    honored the title of “2020 China Real Estate Enterprise in terms of Talent Development Innovation”（ 2020中國
    房地產優秀人才發展創新企業）.
                                                        RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020                     7



                                                                               Major Events of Radiance
                                                                                                                           ﻿

  At the “10th Annual Meeting of China Valuable Real Estate”
  organised by the National Business Daily on 26 September 2020,
  Radiance was honored the “Most Valuable Urban Operator of the
  Year”（年度價值城市運營商）under the China Valuable Real Estate
  Awards（中國價值地產總評榜）for its outstanding performance
  in construction of residential buildings, commercial operation and
  creation of community culture.




                                                               On 26 September 2020, Radiance joined hands with
                                                               Marwei Social Work Development Centre（瑪薇社工
                                                               發展中心）in Liangshan Prefecture to bring the first
                                                               gift since the start of a school year to children with
                                                               special needs in a charitable school in Zhaojue County,
                                                               Liangshan Prefecture, Sichuan – a gift package full of
                                                               school life necessities such as stationery, daily necessities
                                                               and sports equipment, with an aim to bring warm and
                                                               encouraging message to the children celebrating the start
                                                               of a new school year.




OCTOBER


  On 14 October 2020, Fitch Ratings, a rating agency, affirmed its rating of Radiance Group at “B” and revised its rating
  on outlook from “stable” to “positive”. Fitch mentioned that the upward adjustment reflected Radiance’s enhanced
  market position and financial leverage and stated in its report that Radiance had sufficient high quality land bank and
  sufficient GFA, with most of them locating in provincial capitals and municipalities, to support development needs for
  an extended period of time in the future. It also suggested the transparency and corporate governance of Radiance
  would be enhanced subsequent to the proposed IPO.

  On 27 October 2020, the fifth batch of candidates for the 9th (2019-2020) “Guangsha Prize”（廣廈獎）was officially
  announced. Approved by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development and jointly established by the China
  Real Estate Association and the Centre for Promotion of Residential Housing Industrialisation of the Ministry of
  Housing and Urban-Rural Development（住房和城鄉建設部住宅產業化促進中心）, “Guangsha Prize” is an all-round
  award in recognition of real estate development projects. Only projects compliant to building up a resource-saving and
  environment-friendly harmonious socialist society and a civilization that cares for ecology will be awarded “Guangsha
  Prize”. Those prize-winning projects shall also be of advanced planning and design, environmental friendly and of
  excellent quality in engineering, in addition to playing an exemplary and leading role in promoting the industrialization
  of residential housing and the concept of “four savings and environmental protection”（四節一環保）and addressing to
  housing problems faced by the general public. Our project named “Xuzhou Jinhui•New Block”（徐州金輝 • 信步蘭庭）
  was shortlisted for its excellent performance in advanced planning and design, high standard on construction quality,
  and the extensive use of new technologies, materials and techniques.
          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    8     ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Major Events of Radiance
﻿

    On 29 October 2020, Radiance Holdings was
    successfully listed in Hong Kong (stock code:
    9993) at a final offer price of HK$4.3 per share
    and has raised a gross proceed of HK$2.69 billion.
    Both the Hong Kong Public Offering and the
    International Placing were oversubscribed, with the
    Hong Kong Public Offering being over-subscribed
    by 1.72 times with over 16,500 valid applications,
    reflecting that Radiance were well received by
    both institutional and individual investors. The
    successful entry into the capital market will facilitate
    Radiance in further diversifying its access to good
    financing, and improving its debt structure, which
    in turn paves a path to a new phase with rapid
    development.



NOVEMBER


    At the “16th China Real Estate Finance Annual Meeting & 2nd
    Urban Development Forum”（第十六屆中國地產金融年會暨
    第二屆城市發展論壇）jointly organised by Xindichan.com.cn
    （新地產財經）, SEEC Media Group and Caijing.com.cn on
    12 November 2020, Radiance, as a newly listed enterprise,
    was honored the title of “Most Valuable Listed Enterprise for
    Investment”（最具投資價值上市企業）for its tremendous
    performance.



                                                               On 19 November 2020, Radiance was awarded the
                                                               “2020 Jinqiao Prize – Most investment-worthy Real
                                                               Estate Company of the Year”（ 2020年金橋獎—年度最
                                                               具投資價值地產公司）at the “2020 Thinking Finance
                                                               Investor Annual Meeting and Jinqiao Prize Giving
                                                               Ceremony”（ 2020年度思維財經投資者年會暨金橋獎
                                                               頒獎盛典）organised by Thinking Finance（思維財經）&
                                                               investorchina.cn.
                                                      RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   9



                                                                             Major Events of Radiance
                                                                                                                       ﻿

                               On 20 November 2020, Radiance Holdings announced the successful issuance of
                               RMB1.22 billion corporate bonds with a coupon rate of 6.95% and a maturity of 2+2
                               years. Despite the recent turbulence in bond market, Radiance’s corporate bonds were
                               highly sought after and fully subscribed, achieving an outstanding result of low interest
                               rate.

                               On 25 November 2020, at the “2020 China Urban Operation and Development
                               Summit” organised by China Business Journal, Radiance was awarded the “2020
                               Outstanding Enterprise on Contribution to Social Responsibility” for its outstanding
                               contributions in fighting the epidemic, committing charity work, aiding students and
                               fostering social talents.



  The “18th China’s Financial Annual Champion Awards & 11th Real
  Estate & Finance Innovation Summit”（第十八屆財經風雲榜&第十一屆
  地產金融創新峰會）organised by Hexun.com, was held in Beijing on 26
  November 2020, in which Radiance Holdings was honored three
  awards, namely “2020 Real Estate Enterprise IPO Top Newcomer”
  (2020年房地產企業IPO新銳榜樣）, “2020 Outstanding Real Estate
  Enterprise with Excellent Product Development” (2020年房地產企業優
  秀產品力榜樣）and “2020 Outstanding Enterprise in Social Poverty
  Alleviation and Public Welfare” (2020年企業社會扶貧公益榜樣）, for its
  outstanding performance this year and in recognition of its successful
  IPO listing, product development and its charitable efforts.

                                                At the “Start afresh on the road of Charity – The Third CSR Pioneer
                                                Forum and 2020 Pioneer Award Giving Ceremony”（‘益’路同行再出
                                                發—第三屆CSR先鋒論壇暨2020先鋒獎項頒獎典禮）organized by
                                                International Financial News of People’s Daily on 27 November 2020,
                                                Radiance was awarded the “2020 Outstanding Enterprise in Social
                                                Responsibility”（ 2020年度社會責任貢獻企業）, which once again
                                                recognised the outstanding contributions made by Radiance in social
                                                responsibility such as anti-epidemic effort as well as medical care and
                                                poverty alleviation.



DECEMBER


  The “Real Estate Investment and Financing Summit and Jinling Award Giving
  Ceremony”（房地產投融資高峰論壇暨金瓴獎頒獎盛典）organised by China
  Times was held in Beijing on 1 December 2020 where Radiance won the
  “2020 Real Estate Brand with Steady Growth” award（“2020年穩健增長地
  產品牌”大獎）in recognition of its excellent performance this year such as
  successful listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a year-on-year decrease
  of bond issuance rate and higher international rating.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    10     ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Major Events of Radiance
﻿

                                                      On 2 December 2020, the winners list of “Tribute to 2020 •
                                                      Enterprise of the Year” was announced at the “Anchoring – The
                                                      8th IFENG.COM Global Chinese Real Estate Summit”（錨定 • 第
                                                      八屆鳳凰網全球華人不動產盛典）, where Radiance Group was
                                                      honored the title of “Top 10 Smart Habitat Enterprise Epitome”（十
                                                      佳智慧人居示範企業）, laying a memorable milestone for this
                                                      extraordinary year and creating an image as a pioneer.




     On 4 December 2020, the winners of “2020 HeRo (China Talent Management
     Enterprise Epitome Award)”（ 2020HeRo（中國人才管理典範企業獎））, jointly
     offered by Beisen Research of Talent Management, Renmin Business School of
     China and Harvard Business Review China, was officially announced. After several
     rounds of selection, Radiance Group was given the “2020 China Talent Management
     Mechanism Epitome Award”（ 2020中國人才管理機制典範獎）due to its advantage
     gained from its advanced philosophy in talent management, experienced talent
     management team and intensive use of talent management technology.



                                                    The “15th Annual Kinpan Award Giving Ceremony 2020”（“第十五屆
                                                    2020年度金盤獎”頒獎典禮）, organised by Kinpan.com and Times
                                                    House Magazine, was held on 23 December 2020. In this evaluation
                                                    on high-quality real estate development projects worldwide,
                                                    Radiance Group was awarded the “Innovative Enterprise of the Year”
                                                    under the “15th Annual Kinpan Awards”（第十五屆金盤獎年度創
                                                    新企業）after an intense competition among tens of thousands of
                                                    projects across the country. Radiance Group received a total of 26
                                                    awards for its 34 projects.



     On 29 December 2020, the “2020 China Real Estate Industry
     Organisational Management Summit”（ 2020中國房地產業組
     織管理峰會）, organised by Ehconsulting（億翰智庫）& KeYan
     Intelligence（可 研 智 庫）under the guidance of Corporate
     Research Branch of China Real Estate Chamber of Commerce
     （全聯房地產商會企業研究分會）, was held in Shanghai as
     scheduled, in which several aspects, including effectiveness,
     overall management of an organization and employers’ influence,
     were examined and taken into account in evaluating the top 100
     companies in the real estate industry. Thanks to its outstanding
     performance, Radiance Group was ranked 22nd in the “2020 Top
     100 China Real Estate Enterprises in terms of Organisational Capability”（“2020中國房地產組織力百強企業”) and
     honored the title of “2020 Best Employer in China Real Estate Industry”（ 2020中國房地產最佳僱主企業）.
                                                               RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020                        11



                                                                                        Major Events of Radiance
                                                                                                                                      ﻿
2021

   In the “Golden Duration（金久期）” Chinese Offshore Bonds Global Summit 2020
   jointly organized by Duration Finance and Guotai Junan on 8 January 2021,
   Radiance Holdings was awarded the “Outstanding Issuer of Chinese Offshore
   Bonds – Real Estate” because it performed remarkably well among other Chinese
   property developers and generated considerable upside investment returns for
   the bonds.




                                                                  On 10 January 2021, Radiance Holdings won
                                                                  four great landscaping awards in the “LAIAWARD
                                                                  L a n d s c a p e I n g e n u i t y Aw a rd I n t e r n a t i o n a l
                                                                  Competition – Real Estate Landscaping Award
                                                                  (LAIAWARD地產景觀大獎園匠杯國際競賽）”, of
                                                                  which Jinhui East King’s Garden in Fuzhou won
                                                                  the “Golden Award of Annual Outstanding Real
                                                                  Estate Regional Landscape Award（年度優秀地產
                                                                  大區景觀獎金獎）”, Suzhou Jinhui New Block Four
                                                                  Seasons won the “Silver Award of Annual Most
                                                                  Value-added Real Estate Landscape（年度最具性價
                                                                  比地產景觀獎銀獎）”, Xi’an Jinhui Chang’an Elite’s
   Mansion won the “Annual Outstanding Prize of the Best Real Estate’s Mini Display Area（年度地產最佳迷你展示區優
   秀獎）” and Chongqing Jinhui Elite’s Mansion won the “Annual Outstanding Prize of the Best Real Estate’s Mini Display
   Area（年度地產最佳迷你展示區優秀獎）”. Once again, over capability in landscape building is recognized by the
   industry.

   On 13 January 2021, thanks to Radiance Holdings’ excellent
   performance in the industry last year, the successful listing
   of the Company, the enhancement of product power and
   the improvement of various ratings, our annual performance
   achieved stable growth and we enjoyed improvement of our
   comprehensive strength in the industry. We were named as the
   “2020 Enterprise with Brand Influence（2020年度品牌影響力
   企業）” by the “12th Forum of House China and the Chinese
   Real Estate Ceremony 2020”.

   On 20 January 2021, S&P granted a “B+” long-term issuer
   credit rating to Radiance Holdings for the first time with a
   “stable” outlook.

   On 22 January 2021, Moody, one of the three major international rating agencies, granted a “B1” corporate family
   rating (CFR) to Radiance Holdings for the first time with a stable outlook.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    12      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Major Events of Radiance
﻿

     On 1 February 2021, Fuqing Sheraton Hotel, the first international five-star hotel in Fuqing, Fujian Province,
     commenced operation. The opening of Fuqing Sheraton Hotel was another milestone of the Company as the city
     operator and our diversified industrial layout, which further consolidated our development in the hotel business.




     On 5 February 2021, the All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese（中國橋聯）published the “Decisions of
     the All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese on Honoring the Advanced Groups and Advanced Individuals
     for Poverty Alleviation of the All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese”（中國僑聯關於通報表彰全國僑
     聯系統助力脫貧攻堅先進集體和先進個人的決定）. Such recognition aimed at concluding the working experience
     of the All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese in relation to poverty alleviation and commended those
     advanced groups and advanced individuals who has made substantial contribution. Radiance Holdings was awarded
     the honorary title of “Advanced Groups for Poverty Alleviation of the All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese”
     （全國僑聯系統助力脫貧攻堅先進集體）.

     On 26 February 2021, the official website of Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited announced a new phase of review
     results of Hang Seng Composite Index, Radiance Holdings was newly selected into the list of constituent stocks of the
     Hang Seng Composite Index. This vindicated, barring the unforeseen circumstances, that Radiance Holdings would
     be successfully included in the new stock list of Stock Connect. Starting from 15 March, investors from the Mainland
     China who meet the requirements could participate in the investments and transactions of Radiance Holdings directly
     through their domestic A Share accounts.

     On 26 February 2021, the “Donation Ceremony of Medical Project in Fuqing”（福清市醫療專案捐贈儀式）jointly
     organized by the Fuqing Municipal Committee of the CPC and the People’s Government of Fuqing was successfully
     concluded. In the donation ceremony, Radiance Holdings officially donated RMB40 million to Fuqing’s medical project,
     to suggest the development of medical business in Fuqing.

     On 1 March 2021, the “Promotion Month of Overseas Chinese Law”（僑法宣傳月）of Shanghai in 2021 with the
     slogan of “Overseas Chinese Law Goes With MeLove and Protect Overseas Chinese Around You”（僑法伴我行 愛
     僑護僑在身邊）initiated, and the launching ceremony of “Light up your Dream” campaign was held at Minhang District,
     Shanghai. Radiance Holdings was the first enterprise to make donation to the project fund of “Light up your Dream（點
     亮心願）” and made donations of RMB1 million, so as to support the assistance welfare projects of overseas Chinese in
     Shanghai.
                                                    RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020               13



                                                                  Glossary and Definition
                                                                                                                  ﻿


“2021 AGM”                       the annual general meeting of the Company to be convened and held on 12
                                 May 2021

“ABS”                            asset-backed securities

“Articles”                       the amended and restated articles of association of the Company adopted on
                                 29 October 2020

“ASP”                            average selling price

“Board”                          the board of Directors

“BVI”                            the British Virgin Islands

“China” or “PRC”                 the People’s Republic of China

“Company” or “our Company” or    Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited（金輝控股（集團）有限公司）, a
  “Radiance”                     company incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with
                                 limited liability

“Controlling Shareholder(s)”     has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules and, unless the
                                 context requires otherwise, collectively refers to Mr. Lam, Ms. Lam, Radiance
                                 Group Holdings and Glowing Shine

“Corporate Governance Code”      Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules

“Deed of Non-competition”        the deed of non-competition dated 13 October 2020 entered into by the
                                 Controlling Shareholders with and in favor of the Company, further information
                                 of which is set out in the section headed “Relationship with Controlling
                                 Shareholders” in the Prospectus

“Directors”                      director(s) of the Company

“GFA”                            gross floor area

“Glowing Shine”                  Glowing Shine Limited（启輝有限公司）, a company incorporated in the BVI
                                 with limited liability, which is wholly owned by Radiance Group Holdings, and is
                                 one of the Controlling Shareholders

“Group,” “our Group,”            the Company and its subsidiaries
   “we,” “our” or “us”

“Hong Kong dollars” or “HK$”     Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Independent Third Party(ies)”   an individual(s) or company(ies) who or which is/are to the best of our Director’s
                                 knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, is/are
                                 not our connected persons as defined under the Listing Rules

“Listing”                        the listing of the Shares on the main board of the Stock Exchange on 29
                                 October 2020
             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    14       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Glossary and Definition
﻿


“Listing Date”                        29 October 2020, the date on which dealings in the Shares on the Stock
                                      Exchange first commence

“Listing Rules                        the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                      Kong Limited

“Model Code”                          Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out
                                      in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Lam”                             Mr. Lam Ting Keung（林定强）, an executive Director and one of the Controlling
                                      Shareholders

“Ms. Lam”                             Ms. Lam Fung Ying（林鳳英）, the spouse of Mr. Lam and one of the Controlling
                                      Shareholders

“Over-allotment Option”               the option which had been exercised on 25 November 2020 by the Joint
                                      Global Coordinators (for themselves on behalf of the International Underwriters)
                                      in respect of an aggregate of 45,227,000 Over-allotment Shares, under the
                                      International Underwriting Agreement as described in Prospectus

“Prospectus”                          the prospectus of the Company dated 16 October 2020 being issued in
                                      connection with the Listing

“Radiance Group Holdings”             Radiance Group Holdings Limited（金輝集團控股有限公司）, a company
                                      incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited
                                      liability which is owned as to 64.97% by Mr. Lam and 35.03% by Ms. Lam, and
                                      one of the Controlling Shareholders

“Register of Members”                 the register of members of the Company

“Relevant Period”                     29 October 2020 to 31 December 2020

“Renminbi” or “RMB”                   the lawful currency of the PRC

“SFO”                                 Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

“Share(s)”                            ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with the nominal value of
                                      HK$0.01 each

“Share Option Scheme”                 the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 5 October 2020

“Shareholder(s)”                      holder(s) of the Shares

“sq.m.”                               square meter(s)

“Stock Exchange”                      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“US$,” “USD” or “$”                   U.S. dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
                                                              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020                    15



                                                                                  Chairman’s Statement
                                                                                                                                 ﻿

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

I am pleased to present to all Shareholders the annual results and business review for the year ended 31 December
2020 as well as the prospects for 2021 of Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited (“Radiance Holdings” or the
“Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”).


ANNUAL RESULTS
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB34,875.2 million, representing a year-
on-year increase of 34.3% as compared to the corresponding period of last year. Gross profit amounted to RMB7,712.9
million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 36.2% as compared to the corresponding period of last year.
Net profit amounted to approximately RMB3,819.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 42.0% as compared to
the corresponding period of last year.


BUSINESS REVIEW

Contracted Sales
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the contracted sales of the Group reached RMB97,200 million with contracted
gross floor area sold of approximately 6,920,000 square meters. The contracted average selling price amounted to
approximately RMB14,046 per square meter.

Officially Entered the International Capital Market
On 29 October 2020, the Group achieved another important milestone in its development history. The issued shares of
Radiance Holdings were successfully listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Since then, we entered the
international capital market and opened a new chapter of development. Radiance Holdings raised a gross proceed of
HK$2.69 billion from the Listing and became the first real estate development enterprise completed its Listing in the second
half of 2020. The final issue price was fixed at HK$4.3 per share which was close to the maximum price of HK$4.5 per
share. Radiance Holdings was also amongst the limited number of China real estate developers which fixed their issue
prices at the higher range in Hong Kong IPO in recent years.

Invest Prudently with Quality Land Bank Supporting Stable Growth
In 2020, the Group secured 35 land parcels and the planned floor area was approximately 4.3 million sq.m., covering
15 strong second-tier key cities which mainly located at the Yangtze River Delta and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau
Greater Bay Area. The penetration into core regions also reflected the Group’s strategic orientation of regions with high
growth rates. As of 31 December 2020, the gross floor area of land bank of Radiance Holdings reached approximately 30.7
million sq.m., of which 94.7% was located at second-tier and core third-tier cities. Such land bank will provide the Group
with a firm basis for sustainable growth in the future, so that the Group will possess promising growth potential.

National Presence with Regional Penetration
Against the backdrop of continuous deepening of the regulation on the property market, Radiance Holdings upheld the
development strategy of “national presence, regional focus and leading positions in selected cities” and built up its operation
around metropolitan circles and clusters. The deployment of six major regions, namely the Bohai Economic Rim, the
Yangtze River Delta, Central China, Southern China, Southwest China and Northwest China, was completed. In 2020, the
Group continued to penetrate into those first-and second-tier key cities and regional hub cities where the Group possessed
established presence. Currently, the Group has established presence in 32 core cities across the country, including first-tier
cities, strong second-tier cities and cities surrounding first-tier cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Chongqing, Fuzhou,
Hangzhou, Nanjing, Wuhan, Xi’an, Suzhou and Shijiazhuang, etc. With the balanced national presence, Radiance Holdings
was able to hedge the short-term fluctuation in regional markets to keep our performance stable. Also, the strategy of
focusing on selected regions allowed Radiance Holdings to improve the quality of regional management and operation for
the sake of enhancing its competitiveness in the regional market.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    16      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Chairman’s Statement
﻿


Optimization of Financial Structure and Upgrade of Credit Rating
Since the third quarter of 2020, due to the tightening regulatory environment of real estate industry, various financial
management authorities strengthened the supervision of financing exercises of property projects, so as to reduce the
reliance of enterprises on financial leverage and prevent financial risks. Onshore and offshore financing channels for
properties were tightening to different extents, and the sector was facing a generally challenging financing environment. By
optimizing the financial structure continuously, the Group managed to realize the full compliance of “Three Red Lines” at the
end of 2020.

Under the regulatory requirements, the Group insisted on strengthening financial security and maintaining sufficient
liquidity. Boasting the stable financial management and optimized financial structure, the Group was highly recognised by
credit rating institutions. S&P Global Ratings upgraded the long-term issuer credit rating of Radiance Holdings to “B+”.
Moody’s Investors Service Limited granted a “B1” rating to Radiance Holdings for the first time with a stable outlook.
Given the outstanding corporate reputation and stable corporate development of the Group, it has also made further
efforts to develop overseas financing channels, and issued senior unsecured notes of US$300 million and US$250 million,
respectively, in January 2020 and June 2020.

Upgrade Organization and Management System to Provide a Firm Basis of Development
In face of the increasingly complicated market environment and intensifying industry competition, Radiance Holdings
regarded efficiency enhancement as the key goal of organizational advancement and upgrade. Under the three-
tier management and control system of “group – region – city”, the Group continued to promote the optimization of
organizational structure, the operation in lower-tier cities in an orderly way and the development of autonomy, so as to
unleash organizational potential, achieve organizational strategic focus and enhance efficiency. As a result, the Group
continued to be awarded the “Chinese Real Estate Best Employer” issued by the China Real Estate Association in 2020.

Driven by both Products and Services and Highly Recognized by the Industry
Radiance Holdings ranked the 36th in the 2020 Overall Strength List of Property Developers（2020房企綜合實力榜
單）published by the China Real Estate Association. We also received numerous honours in the first half of the year,
including the Top 10 China Real Estate Developers in Comprehensive Development（中國房地產開發企業綜合發展
TOP10 ）, Top 50 of China’s Commercial Real Estate Enterprise（中國商業地產TOP50 ）, Comprehensive Strength
Enterprise with Steady Development（穩健發展綜合實力企業）, Blue Chip Real Estate Developer（藍籌地產企業）and
Enterprise with Best Investment Value（最具投資價值企業）.

While our performance maintained stable and quality growth, the product capability of Radiance Holdings also improved
continuously. We were widely acclaimed by the industry in respect of planning and design, garden landscape, interior design
as well as research and development for standards, etc, and received more than 50 domestic and international design
awards, such as “Grand Prix du Design Paris”（法國雙面神國際設計大獎）and the “15th Golden Project Award – Annual
Innovative Enterprise”（第十五屆金盤獎年度創新企業）. Upholding the core value of “customers come first”, Radiance
continuously launched a wide range of activities, such as Neighbour Festival（睦鄰節）and Online Video Clippings Challenge
（線上短視頻挑戰賽）, in 2020. Through the “Community Renewal” campaign and the building of “smart communities”,
the serviceability of Radiance Holdings was enhanced continuously, thus building a community with emotional recognition
for property owners and enhancing the brand recognition and reputation of Radiance Holdings.

Adhere to Original Commitments and Willing to Take Responsibilities
In 2020, Radiance Holdings spared no effort to participate in a number of charity events, including the battle against
the pandemic, the promotion of teaching and learning activities, poverty alleviation campaigns and activities for culture
inheritance, so as to relentlessly facilitate the sustainable development of charity activities. In the early stage of the
pandemic outbreak, Radiance Holdings donated RMB10 million through the “Radiance Charity Fund”（金輝愛心基金）under
the Overseas Chinese Charity Foundation of China（中國華僑公益基金會）. Thereafter, Radiance Holdings also donated
RMB0.5 million and RMB0.2 million through the China Industrial Trust（興業信託）and Shanghai Trust（上海信託）for the
battle against the pandemic.
                                                               RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020                    17



                                                                                            Chairman’s Statement
                                                                                                                                  ﻿

2020 was a determining year for the battle against poverty and the construction of a well-off society, and it was also a year
for Radiance Holdings to achieve substantial results in our efforts on poverty alleviation. The Group kept identifying new
ways of poverty alleviation. We donated RMB18.75 million to Fuqing City, Fujian Province for improving hospital environment
and RMB1 million to Liaoning Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese（遼寧省僑聯）for poverty alleviation, provision of
grants and helping overseas Chinese and improving the living standard of the poverty.

In addition, Radiance Holdings donated HK$3 million to the charity foundation of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange during the
year for the contribution to the long-term sustainability of Hong Kong.

Walking with our initial commitments and compassion and committing to both responsibility and bravery, Radiance
Holdings will continue to integrate our charitable mind with our corporate culture, so as to take the lead to give back to the
community and create higher social value.


PROSPECTS FOR 2021
Looking ahead to 2021, given the unchanged keynote of control measures on the property sector and coupled with the
“Three Red Lines” on financing of real estate enterprises and the tightening margin of market liquidity, the probability of
investment growth in the real estate sector will face new challenges. However, along with the further recovery of economy
and the strengthening support from the restoration of completed project, the annual sales of real estate enterprises will most
likely maintain a steady growth.

In 2021, the Group will continue to adhere to our corporate mission of “build properties with craftsmanship and make better
homes（用心建好房，讓家更美好）” and always devote to quality development and capitalize on the macro trend. We will
put emphasis on the establishment of core competitiveness and continue to innovate and enhance our product capability.
Also, we will continue to optimize and iterate the entire life cycle of our product mix, so as to improve the quality of our
products and services, thus enlarging our market share.

In respect of financial management, the Group will continue to comply with the regulatory requirements and focus on the
efficiency and effectiveness of capital utilization. Our management is “cash flows and profits” oriented, and we insist on
strengthening our financial security and maintaining sufficient liquidity, so as to further innovate the financing models and
broaden our financing channels. All these aim at improving our credit rating and further lowering our finance costs on an on-
going basis.

In respect of capital markets, the Company was selected by Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited on 26 February 2021
for inclusion in the Hang Seng Composite Index constituents. Since its Listing, Radiance Holdings has maintained a stable
stock price with active trading activities.

Radiance Holdings grows along with the development of cities and closely observes the prevailing development trend and city
development dynamics, aiming at making our city and life better. Amid continuous innovation and implementation, we will use
construction as a medium to listen to the stories of our city in order to provide quality products and grow together with our city.


APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express the most sincere appreciation to all shareholders, investors, business
partners and customers for their supports to, and trust in, the Company, and all members of the management team and
all employees for their dedication and hard work in the preceding year. In 2021, we will continue to uphold the corporate
mission of “build properties with craftsmanship and make better homes（用心建好房，讓家更美好）” to achieve quality and
sustainable development. We will stick to our original commitment and move forward with perseverance for the purpose of
creating higher value for the Shareholders and investors.




Lam Ting Keung
Chairman
Hong Kong, 19 March 2021
                    RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     18             ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Performance Highlights
﻿


                                                                                        As of 31 December
                                                                                                                                                        Change in
                                                                                            2020                              2019                     percentage


Highlights of financial information
Recognised revenue (RMB’000)                                                       34,875,174                         25,963,108                             +34.3%

Gross profit (RMB’000)                                                               7,712,908                         5,662,220                             +36.2%
Net profit (RMB’000)                                                                 3,819,073                         2,689,988                             +42.0%
Gross profit margin (%)                                                                 22.1%                             21.8%
Net profit margin (%)                                                                   10.9%                             10.4%
Earnings per Share (basic and diluted)
   (RMB cents)                                                                             89                                74
Total assets (RMB’000)                                                            185,661,488                       149,344,563                              +24.3%
Cash and bank balances (RMB’000)                                                   26,590,952                        13,399,755                              +98.4%
Total indebtedness (RMB’000) (1)                                                   53,773,992                        49,071,065                               +9.6%
Net indebtedness (RMB’000) (2)                                                     27,183,040                        35,671,310                              -23.8%
Equity attributable to owners of
   the parent company (RMB’000)                                                    21,562,411                         16,830,242                             +28.1%
Current ratio (times) (3)                                                                 1.4                                1.4
Weighted average cost of indebtedness (%) (4)                                          7.47%                              7.76%
Net gearing ratio (%) (5)                                                              75.3%                             166.9%
Cash to current borrowings ratio (6)                                                      1.4                                0.7
Liability asset ratio after excluding receipts in
   advance (%) (7)                                                                        69.0%                              76.9%

Notes:


1.       Total indebtedness represents total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, proceeds from asset-backed securities, corporate banks and senior
         notes.


2.       Net indebtedness is calculated by total borrowings (including current and long-term interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, current and long-term
         proceeds from asset-backed securities, current and long-term senior notes as well as current and long-term corporate bonds) minus cash and bank
         balances (including restricted cash, pledged deposits as well as cash and cash equivalents).


3.       Current ratio is calculated based on our total current assets divided by our total current liabilities as of the respective dates.


4.       Weighted average cost of indebtedness represents the weighted average of interest costs of all outstanding indebtedness.


5.       Net gearing ratio is calculated by dividing total borrowings (including current and long-term interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, current and
         long-term proceeds from asset-backed securities, current and long-term senior notes as well as current and long-term corporate bonds) minus cash
         and bank balances (including restricted cash, pledged deposits as well as cash and cash equivalents) by total equity.


6.       Cash to current borrowings ratio is calculated by dividing cash and bank balances (including restricted cash, pledged deposits as well as cash and
         cash equivalents) by current borrowings (including current interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, current proceeds from asset-backed securities,
         current senior notes and current corporate bonds).


7.       Liability asset ratio after excluding receipts in advance is calculated by dividing total liabilities minus contract liabilities by total assets minus contract
         liabilities.
                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020               19



                                            Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                       ﻿


CONTRACTED SALES

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group realised contracted sales of approximately RMB97.20 billion with
contracted gross floor area sold of approximately 6,920,000 square meters. The contracted average selling price amounted
to approximately RMB14,046 per square meter. It was mainly attributable to the Group’s strategy of focusing on regional
development, expansion of land bank and more diversified source of contracted sales.

2020 Contracted Sales Summary:

                                                          Contracted               Contracted               Contracted
Region/City                                             Sales Amount                      GFA                     ASP
                                                            (RMB’000)                   (sq.m)              (RMB/sq.m)


Xi’an                                                      13,995,047                1,011,206                   13,840
Fuzhou                                                     11,761,739                  464,292                   25,333
Chongqing                                                   6,964,220                  556,205                   12,521
Hangzhou                                                    6,931,950                  337,634                   20,531
Ningbo                                                      6,434,815                  304,026                   21,165
Suzhou                                                      6,387,057                  313,524                   20,372
Lianyungang                                                 6,128,240                  640,533                    9,567
Hefei                                                       4,160,397                  338,874                   12,277
Tianjin                                                     4,109,162                  295,898                   13,887
Fuqing                                                      3,908,150                  234,132                   16,692
Shijiazhuang                                                3,248,228                  261,937                   12,401
Huai’an                                                     2,840,980                  376,207                    7,552
Changsha                                                    2,701,762                  337,069                    8,015
Foshan                                                      2,639,292                  157,448                   16,763
Wuhan                                                       1,962,573                  174,304                   11,259
Huizhou                                                     1,876,777                  182,981                   10,257
Yangzhou                                                    1,835,544                  158,742                   11,563
Shanghai                                                    1,634,001                   29,624                   55,158
Zhengzhou                                                   1,493,948                  119,505                   12,501
Nanjing                                                     1,180,270                   72,460                   16,289
Chengdu                                                     1,093,382                  131,257                    8,330
Shenyang                                                    1,022,340                   64,423                   15,869
Langfang                                                      755,671                   66,693                   11,331
Yancheng                                                      659,182                   85,934                    7,671
Zhenjiang                                                     600,659                   76,988                    7,802
Xuzhou                                                        467,400                   70,072                    6,670
Jingzhou                                                      408,049                   58,401                    6,987


Total                                                      97,200,835                6,920,369                   14,046
                RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    20          ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿

Note:


Contract sales includes the contract sales of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of the Group. Contracted sales data is unaudited and is prepared
based on internal information of our Group. In view of various uncertainties during the collection of such sales information, such contracted sales data is
provided for investors’ reference only.


Property development and sales
We focus on suitable locations in selected cities in Yangtze River Delta, the Bohai Economic Rim, Southern China, Central
China, Southwestern China and Northwestern China. The table below sets forth our revenue generated from each region,
total GFA delivered in each region and the respective recognised ASP per sq.m. for each region for the periods indicated:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                        2020                                                               2019
                                                                     GFA Recognised                                                     GFA     Recognised
                                   Revenue                     Delivered       ASP                   Revenue                       Delivered          ASP
                              RMB’000                 %             sq.m RMB/sq.m               RMB’000                   %            sq.m      RMB/sq.m


Southern China                7,920,169             23.1        616,727           12,842       4,174,356               16.7        201,822           20,683
Central China                 4,685,646             13.6        431,463           10,860         266,581                1.1         16,417           16,238
Bohai Economic Rim            6,764,200             19.7        663,873           10,189       6,498,793               26.0        739,740            8,785
Northwestern China            4,443,941             12.9        309,124           14,376       2,663,590               10.6        237,012           11,238
Southwestern China            5,714,949             16.6        359,410           15,901       4,068,529               16.2        298,197           13,644
Yangtze River Delta           4,851,619             14.1        175,948           27,574       7,365,630               29.4        287,429           25,626


Total                       34,380,524            100.0        2,556,545          13,448      25,037,479             100.0        1,780,617          14,061


Investment Properties
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had 24 investment properties with a total GFA of approximately 727,200 sq.m, and
one investment property held for future development with a total GFA of 69,530 sq.m. The average occupancy rate of our
investment properties was 90%.

Projects under Construction
As of 31 December 2020, the total planned GFA of the Group’s projects under construction was 17,988,604 sq.m,
represented an increase of approximately 2.4% compared to the total planned GFA of 17,561,548 sq.m in 2019.

Land Bank
In 2020, the Group acquired a total of 35 new land projects. The planned GFA was approximately 4,301,175 sq.m and the
planned GFA which the Group had effective equity interests was approximately 3,575,972 sq.m. The total contracted land
premium which the Group had effective equity interests was approximately RMB18,329.0 million. Average land acquisition
cost was approximately RMB5,126 per sq.m.

As of 31 December 2020, the gross floor area and total GFA attributable to the Group’s land bank were approximately
30,727,368 sq.m. and 24,047,993 sq.m. respectively.
                                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020              21



                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                                         ﻿

The table below sets forth the breakdown of the total land bank of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associate companies
of the Group as at 31 December 2020:

                                                                                          Actual/                             Attributable
                                                                                       Estimated                                 Interests
                                                         Main Planned                 Completion                      Land         Held by
Region               Project                             Usage of Projects                  Year    Site Area    Bank Area     the Group
                                                                                                        (sq.m)       (sq.m)            (%)


Properties developed by the Group and its subsidiaries

Southwest
Chongqing            Tianchen Elite’s Mansion            Residential/commercial             2022      52,683       108,999         49.0%
Chongqing            Jiangshan Elite’s Mansion           Residential/commercial             2021      69,489       305,529         57.6%
Chongqing            Zhongyang King’s Garden             Residential/commercial        2019-2022     157,925       358,316         96.0%
Chongqing            Yujiang House                       Residential/commercial             2020      77,342       104,089         96.0%
Chongqing            Boshe                               Residential/commercial             2020      52,086        32,879         96.0%
Chongqing            Changjiang King’s Garden            Residential/commercial             2020      59,031        96,563         96.0%
Chongqing            Jinhui City Phase IV                Residential/commercial             2018     135,452        77,284         96.0%
Chongqing            Jinhui City Phase V                 Office building/commercial         2023       9,932        71,235         96.0%
Chongqing            Binjiang Complex                    Commercial                         2022      12,738        18,522         96.0%
Chongqing            Jinhui Plaza                        Commercial                         2015      28,229       123,801         96.0%
Chongqing            Jinhui Elite’s Mansion              Residential                        2022      25,896        77,546         96.0%
Chongqing            Caihu Yunjing                       Residential                        2023      44,496       130,768         96.0%
Chongqing            Hushan Elite’s Mansion Phase I      Residential/commercial             2022     105,693       354,780         48.0%
Chongqing            Hushan Elite’s Mansion Phase II     Residential/commercial             2024      67,358       150,713         48.0%
Chengdu              Jinhui New Block Garden             Residential/commercial             2021      41,112       121,758         96.0%
Chengdu              Fengqi Yunjing                      Residential                        2022      46,094       117,872         96.0%

Subtotal of southwest region                                                                                     2,250,654
Subtotal of interests in southwest region                                                                        1,749,395

Central China
Wuhan                Jinhui City                         Residential/commercial             2026     188,736       694,117         96.0%
Wuhan                Jiangyue Elite’s Mansion            Residential/commercial             2023     128,280       650,796         38.4%
Wuhan                Jiangshan Elite’s Mansion           Residential/commercial             2025     151,926       965,566         62.4%
Wuhan                New Block Lakeside                  Residential/commercial             2020      69,985       147,617         96.0%
Changsha             Hongtao Jade Bay Phase I            Residential                        2018      22,771         4,625         96.0%
Changsha             Hongtao Jade Bay Phase II           Residential/commercial             2022      37,374       123,932         96.0%
Changsha             Xingyu Academy                      Residential/commercial             2023     105,625       405,892         96.0%
Changsha             Xingyue Yundi                       Residential/commercial             2023     115,142       359,708         96.0%
Changsha             Jinhui Weichu Garden                Residential/commercial             2021      60,331       122,225         96.0%
Jingzhou             Chuyue Elite’s Mansion              Residential/commercial             2022      51,187       230,207         96.0%
Hefei                Land parcel 06, Hefei New Station   Residential/commercial             2023      61,928       165,937         96.0%
Hefei                New Block Academy                   Residential/commercial             2021     100,289       271,047         67.2%
Hefei                Cloudworld Garden                   Residential                        2020      16,262        50,254         96.0%
Hefei                Xin’an Garden                       Residential/commercial             2021      34,505        91,410         96.0%
Hefei                Xin’an Yayuan                       Residential/commercial             2023      64,532       177,111         96.0%
Hefei                Xizi Garden                         Residential                        2020     104,760        53,829         22.1%

Subtotal of Central China region                                                                                 4,514,273
Subtotal of interests in Central China region                                                                    3,516,561
                RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    22          ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿


                                                                                                 Actual/                             Attributable
                                                                                              Estimated                                 Interests
                                                             Main Planned                    Completion                      Land         Held by
Region              Project                                  Usage of Projects                     Year    Site Area    Bank Area     the Group
                                                                                                               (sq.m)       (sq.m)            (%)


Bohai Economic Rim
Beijing          Chaoyang Port No.1 Block                    Office building                       2020      73,891       174,907         96.0%
Beijing          Radiance Plaza                              Office building/commercial            2016      11,423       106,212         96.0%
Tianjin          Xueshi Garden                               Residential/commercial                2022      80,124       198,622         96.0%
Tianjin          Yunqi Garden                                Residential/commercial                2023      40,442        98,572         96.0%
Tianjin          Yunhui Garden                               Residential/commercial                2022      36,586        91,460         96.0%
Tianjin          Yunque Garden                               Residential/commercial                2022      42,078        95,408         96.0%
Tianjin          Hu’an Garden                                Residential/commercial                2021      98,930       201,669         96.0%
Tianjin          Yuncui Garden                               Residential/commercial                2021      25,236        66,671         96.0%
Langfang         New Block Riverside Garden                  Residential/commercial                2024     167,549       455,718         96.0%
Shijiazhuang     New Block Star                              Residential/commercial                2022      39,389       103,534         96.0%
Shijiazhuang     Jinhui Elite’s Mansion                      Residential/commercial                2020      65,052        50,748         52.8%
Shijiazhuang     New Block (Pinyuan)                         Residential                           2020      48,378        10,256         32.6%
Shijiazhuang     West District of New Block Shangfu          Residential/commercial                2022      52,543       135,081         96.0%
Shijiazhuang     East District of New Block Shangfu          Residential                           2023      35,286        88,456         96.0%
Shijiazhuang     Kaiyuan House                               Residential/commercial                2021      54,619       101,302         96.0%
Shijiazhuang     New Block Yayuan                            Residential/commercial                2022      45,729       156,869         76.8%
Shenyang         Jiangshan Elite’s Mansion                   Residential/commercial                2020     127,325        66,961         96.0%
Huai’an          Jinhui City Phase III                       Residential/commercial                2022     108,819       352,858         97.4%
Huai’an          Jinhui City Square                          Residential/commercial/office         2024      93,398       361,372         57.6%
                                                                building
Huai’an             Jinhui City Phase II                     Residential/commercial                2020      86,833        22,742         96.0%
Huai’an             Jinhui Swan Bay Phase I                  Residential/commercial                2016      66,440         6,642         96.0%
Huai’an             Jinhui Swan Bay Phase II                 Residential/commercial                2020      63,426        16,943         96.0%
Huai’an             Jinhui Four Seasons Community Phase II   Residential/commercial                2021      72,902       119,882         96.0%
Huai’an             Jinhui Four Seasons Community Phase I    Residential/commercial                2021      70,750        69,938         96.0%
Huai’an             New Block Garden                         Residential/commercial                2023      28,600       112,173         96.0%
Huai’an             New Block Dongjun                        Residential/commercial                2024      56,712       147,005         96.0%
Huai’an             New Block Academy                        Residential/commercial                2023      29,312       114,644         96.0%
Lianyungang         Jinhui Four Seasons                      Residential/commercial                2019     223,045       106,444         96.0%
Lianyungang         Jinhui Four Seasons Guanlan              Residential                           2021      49,756       140,306         96.0%
Lianyungang         Yunting Riverside                        Residential                           2023      97,508       167,153         96.0%
Yancheng            Jinhui City Block D                      Residential/commercial           2020-2023      76,441       119,350         96.0%
Yancheng            Jinhui New Block Garden                  Residential/commercial                2022      31,180        91,843         96.0%
Yancheng            Jinhui Tongyin Yunshang                  Residential/commercial                2023      46,650       131,172         52.8%
Xuzhou              Xinbu Lanting                            Residential/commercial                2023      55,982       174,621         96.0%
Xuzhou              New Block Riverside                      Residential/commercial                2021      50,212       102,493         96.0%

Subtotal of Bohai Economic Rim region                                                                                   4,560,027
Subtotal of interests in Bohai Economic Rim region                                                                      4,128,700
                                                                                   RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020                23



                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                                                    ﻿


                                                                                                     Actual/                             Attributable
                                                                                                  Estimated                                 Interests
                                                                  Main Planned                   Completion                      Land         Held by
Region               Project                                      Usage of Projects                    Year    Site Area    Bank Area     the Group
                                                                                                                   (sq.m)       (sq.m)            (%)


Northwest
Xi’an                Jinghe Town                                  Residential/commercial               2028     697,823     2,538,640         96.0%
Xi’an                Academy Mansion                              Residential/commercial               2021      46,649       116,239         96.0%
Xi’an                New Block Avenue                             Residential/commercial               2023     189,256       812,326         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Upper East Side Phase I    Residential/commercial               2018      43,653        23,483         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Upper East Side Phase II   Residential/commercial               2020      22,884           216         96.0%
Xi’an                Gaoxin Elite’s Mansion                       Residential/commercial               2022      37,326       195,120         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui Chang’an Elite’s Mansion              Residential/commercial               2023      53,859       219,831         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui New Block Garden                      Residential/commercial               2020      39,412         2,502         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui East King’s Garden                    Residential/commercial/hotel         2022     127,015       471,918         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Phase A1-2                 Residential/commercial               2016      60,300        28,273         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Phase A3                   Residential/commercial               2019      40,774        37,293         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Phase B1-2                 Residential/commercial               2016      82,410        23,654         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Phase B3                   Residential/commercial               2020      26,000       117,070         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Phase C1                   Residential/commercial               2019      48,700         9,109         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Phase C2                   Residential/commercial               2020      38,780       193,366         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Block D                    Residential/commercial               2021     126,133       290,457         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Block G                    Residential/commercial               2020      28,399        53,758         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui Global Plaza Phase I                  Office building/commercial           2017      14,402        64,855         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui Global Plaza Phase II                 Office building/commercial           2020      32,247       125,722         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui World City Block I/J                  Residential/commercial               2028     115,320       797,930         96.0%
Xi’an                Jinhui Building (International Plaza)        Office building/commercial           2015      15,908        48,685         96.0%
Xi’an                Chuangzhi Building                           Office building/commercial           2019       6,035        20,497         96.0%
Xi’an                Xi’an Jinhui Tianyu                          Commercial                           2023      35,237       292,960         96.0%
                        Baili Square
Xi’an                Xi’an Jinhui Tianyu Fengxi Elite’s Mansion   Residential/commercial               2023      38,775       179,442         96.0%
Zhengzhou            Jinhui New Block Garden                      Residential                          2023      48,549       167,249         49.0%

Subtotal of northwest region                                                                                                6,830,595
Subtotal of interests in northwest region                                                                                   6,478,697
                 RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    24           ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿


                                                                                        Actual/                             Attributable
                                                                                     Estimated                                 Interests
                                                           Main Planned             Completion                      Land         Held by
Region              Project                                Usage of Projects              Year    Site Area    Bank Area     the Group
                                                                                                      (sq.m)       (sq.m)            (%)


Southern China
Quanzhou            Shishi Jinhui City Phase I             Residential/commercial         2022      38,866       176,617         81.6%
Quanzhou            Shishi Jinhui City Phase II            Residential/commercial         2025     183,643       802,013         81.6%
Quanzhou            Jinhui New Block Academy               Residential/commercial         2023      30,865        96,467         49.0%
Fuzhou              Jinhui New Block Garden                Residential/commercial         2021      19,891        71,505         96.0%
Fuzhou              Jinhui Lanlinxuan                      Residential/commercial         2021      63,518       234,216         96.0%
Fuzhou              Huai’an Phase I                        Residential/commercial         2014     266,962         4,763         57.6%
Fuzhou              Huai’an Phase II                       Residential/commercial         2020     357,309       200,913         57.6%
Fuzhou              Huai’an Phase III                      Residential                    2021     360,992        93,533         57.6%
Fuzhou              Huai’an Phase V                        Residential                    2016      56,873        15,609         57.6%
Fuzhou              Radiance Plaza                         Commercial                     1999       1,141        16,760         96.0%
Fuqing              New Block Avenue                       Residential/commercial         2022      43,071       187,159         96.0%
Fuqing              Jiangshan Elite’s Mansion              Residential/commercial         2021      49,504        12,890         37.4%
Fuqing              Guanlan Elite’s Mansion                Residential/commercial         2020      49,440        13,761         96.0%
Fuqing              New Block Academy                      Residential/commercial         2020      53,168        18,433         34.6%
Fuqing              New Block Garden                       Residential/commercial         2022      45,138       173,965         49.0%
Fuqing              East Elite’s Mansion                   Residential                    2022      16,330        54,305         49.0%
Fuqing              Zhongyang King’s Garden                Residential/commercial         2022      65,225       240,315         67.2%
Foshan              New Block Avenue                       Residential/commercial         2021      43,523        83,777         96.0%
Foshan              Lingnan Elite’s Mansion                Residential/commercial         2021      17,165        98,943         96.0%
Foshan              New Block Academy                      Residential                    2020      23,275        19,457         48.0%
Foshan              Yunjing Garden                         Residential/commercial         2024      44,207       168,247         96.0%
Foshan              Yunzhu Garden                          Residential/commercial         2023      66,439       239,415         96.0%
Huizhou             Dongdi Huayuan                         Residential/commercial         2020      19,231        18,986         96.0%
Huizhou             Jinhui Elegant Pavilion                Residential/commercial    2021-2022      49,915       161,060         96.0%
Huizhou             New Block Mansion                      Residential/commercial         2022      12,415        41,812         96.0%
Huizhou             Gaoling Phase II                       Residential/commercial         2023      67,841       325,596         57.6%
Huizhou             Land parcel at Kaoling                 Residential/commercial         2023      39,344       173,414         96.0%
                       Township, Qiuchang Street,
                       Huiyang District
Huizhou             Land parcel at Jiangjun Road,          Residential/commercial         2023      43,506       148,924         96.0%
                       Qiuchang Street, Huiyang District

Subtotal of Southern China region                                                                              3,892,855
Subtotal of interests in Southern China region                                                                 3,100,119
                                                                                   RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020               25



                                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                                                   ﻿


                                                                                                    Actual/                             Attributable
                                                                                                 Estimated                                 Interests
                                                                 Main Planned                   Completion                      Land         Held by
Region               Project                                     Usage of Projects                    Year    Site Area    Bank Area     the Group
                                                                                                                  (sq.m)       (sq.m)            (%)

Yangtze River Delta
Zhenjiang          Jinhui Four Seasons Guanlan                   Residential/commercial/hotel         2024      37,422       149,638         96.0%
Zhenjiang          New Block Xinyuan                             Residential                          2024      76,715       226,857         96.0%
Zhenjiang          Yundu Shangyuan                               Residential                          2022      50,041       162,947         96.0%
Yangzhou           New Block Avenue                              Residential/commercial               2023     128,052       326,811         96.0%
Yangzhou           Eden Garden                                   Residential/commercial               2021      52,581       127,309         32.0%
Yangzhou           Qihu Cloud Atrium                             Residential/commercial               2023      93,813       207,657         64.3%
Yangzhou           Parcel 2020G11, Binjiang, Jiangdu District    Residential/commercial               2022      43,528        95,606         96.0%
Hangzhou           Jiushang Elite’s Mansion                      Residential                          2020      64,505        43,934         96.0%
Hangzhou           Ziya Elite’s Mansion                          Residential                          2020      11,349        32,948         96.0%
Shaoxing           New Block Guanlan Garden                      Residential/commercial               2022      70,150       206,910         96.0%
Shaoxing           Shaoxing Mirror Lake                          Residential/commercial               2022      48,883       154,388         96.0%
Shaoxing           Peninsula Elite’s Mansion                     Residential                          2022      57,812       123,164         67.2%
Shaoxing           Jingyue Elite’s Mansion                       Residential                          2023      63,210       173,918         96.0%
Suzhou             Sea Breeze Garden                             Residential/commercial               2020      18,866        44,994         96.0%
Suzhou             New Block Four Seasons                        Residential                          2021      25,934        53,188         96.0%
                      Garden Phase I
Suzhou             New Block Four Seasons                        Residential                          2022      28,102        58,755         96.0%
                      Garden Phase II
Suzhou             Qianwan Commercial Center                     Commercial                           2019      39,428        50,819         96.0%
Suzhou             Runyuan Mansion Yayuan                        Residential                          2021      43,611       103,605         96.0%
Suzhou             New Block Jiang Lai                           Residential/commercial               2023      85,305       214,216         96.0%
Suzhou             Taicang Block No.17                           Commercial                           2022      35,504        72,999         96.0%
Suzhou             Riverside Yunjing Garden                      Residential/commercial               2022      41,941        98,488         67.2%
Nantong            Parcel R2020-26, West Side of Jinfu Road      Residential                          2023      38,049        96,792         96.0%
Wuxi               Xidong King’s Garden                          Residential                          2023     128,379       329,018         49.0%
Shanghai           Jinhui Tiancui Garden                         Residential                          2019      32,142        12,211         96.0%
Shanghai           Jingang Commercial Plaza                      Commercial                           2017      31,438        46,484         96.0%
Ningbo             Huiyi Yunting                                 Residential/commercial               2022      26,477        71,472         57.6%
Ningbo             Jiangyue Waterflow                            Residential/commercial               2022     122,292       212,950         57.6%

Subtotal of Yangtze River Delta region                                                                                      3,498,078
Subtotal of interests in Yangtze River Delta region                                                                         2,883,063

Subtotal of land bank developed by the Group and its subsidiaries                                                          25,546,482
Subtotal of interests in the land bank developed by the Group and its subsidiaries                                         21,856,536

Properties developed by the Group’s joint ventures and associates

Southwest
Chongqing            Luming House                                 Residential/commercial              2021     157,427       295,314         32.6%
Chongqing            Jinke Jinhui Meiyuan                         Residential/commercial         2018-2021     177,239        86,954         47.0%
Chongqing            Jinke Jinhui Bocui Mountain                  Residential/commercial         2018-2021     188,419       159,573         47.0%
Chongqing            Liyue Jiangshan                              Residential/commercial         2019-2021      61,919        96,317         19.2%
Chengdu              Midea Jinhui Town                            Residential                         2022      41,940        87,419         48.0%
Chengdu              Peninsula Elite’s Mansion Community Phase I Residential/commercial               2019      39,038        30,437         48.0%
Chengdu              Peninsula Elite’s Mansion Community Phase II Residential/commercial              2019      71,472       113,059         48.0%

Subtotal of southwest region                                                                                                 869,073
Subtotal of interests in southwest region                                                                                    341,689
                 RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    26           ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿


                                                                                          Actual/                             Attributable
                                                                                       Estimated                                 Interests
                                                      Main Planned                    Completion                      Land         Held by
Region               Project                          Usage of Projects                     Year    Site Area    Bank Area     the Group
                                                                                                        (sq.m)       (sq.m)            (%)

Central China
Hefei                Duhui City                       Residential/commercial                2022     109,852       218,033         24.0%

Subtotal of Central China region                                                                                   218,033
Subtotal of interests in Central China region                                                                       52,328

Bohai Economic Rim
Tianjin          Yonghe Yayuan                        Residential                           2022      45,437        90,126         38.4%
Tianjin          Yunzhu Garden                        Residential/commercial                2021      62,024       107,526         57.6%
Shijiazhuang     Jinke Tianyu Community               Residential                           2026      56,946       161,604         33.6%
Shijiazhuang     Jinke Bocui Garden                   Residential                           2019      37,004        22,945         24.0%
Shenyang         Jimei Wanxiang                       Residential/commercial                2020      78,517        46,745         31.7%
Lianyungang      New Block Academy                    Residential                           2020      51,452       143,174         49.0%
Lianyungang      High Tech Cloud                      Residential                           2023      79,720       220,118         48.0%

Subtotal of Bohai Economic Rim region                                                                              792,238
Subtotal of interests in Bohai Economic Rim region                                                                 346,913

Northwest
Xi’an                Jinhui Mansion                   Residential/commercial                2017      64,269        30,254         96.0%
Zhengzhou            Binhe Elite’s Mansion            Residential/commercial                2024      88,578       292,028         49.0%

Subtotal of Northwest region                                                                                       322,282
Subtotal of interests in Northwest region                                                                          172,020

Southern China
Fuzhou               Lexin Garden                     Residential/commercial                2022     125,737       317,109         31.7%
Fuzhou               Yuzhou Jinhui Zhongyang Garden   Residential/commercial/office         2020      45,134        86,029         32.6%
                                                        building
Fuzhou               Jinhui Longyue Garden            Residential                           2022      86,558       317,908         57.6%
                         District 1
Fuzhou               Jinhui Longyue Garden            Residential/commercial                2019      19,163        17,855         57.6%
                         District 2
Fuqing               Bright Binjiang                  Residential/commercial                2021      99,992       370,949         47.0%
Fuqing               Bright Tianjing                  Residential/commercial                2020      26,133       111,366         47.0%
Fuqing               Bright Tianyue                   Residential/commercial                2021      36,757       158,131         15.0%
Fuqing               City Plaza                       Residential/commercial                2021      75,854        39,452         48.0%
Fuqing               Boyue Mansion                    Residential/commercial                2020      41,675        27,394         32.0%
Foshan               Elite’s Mansion Mingyuan         Residential/commercial                2021      39,844       146,393         49.0%
Foshan               Nut Mansion                      Residential/commercial                2019       7,804         1,531         32.6%
Huizhou              Baoliyue Mansion                 Residential/commercial                2020      27,990       105,432         32.0%

Subtotal of Southern China region                                                                                1,699,549
Subtotal of interests in Southern China region                                                                     706,222
                                                                                RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020                             27



                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                                                              ﻿


                                                                                                     Actual/                                       Attributable
                                                                                                  Estimated                                           Interests
                                                               Main Planned                      Completion                              Land           Held by
Region               Project                                   Usage of Projects                       Year         Site Area       Bank Area       the Group
                                                                                                                        (sq.m)          (sq.m)              (%)

Yangtze River Delta
Nanjing            Time Mansion                                Residential/commercial                  2022          131,964          333,764            47.0%
Nanjing            Mansion Yayuan                              Residential/commercial                  2019           28,257            3,296            57.6%
Yangzhou           Tang Yuan                                   Residential/commercial                  2020           72,660           20,684            48.0%
Hangzhou           Zizhangtai Apartment                        Residential                             2020           68,263          213,914            49.0%
Hangzhou           Huiyi Elite’s Mansion                       Residential                             2020           59,668           48,533            47.0%
Suzhou             Lanxi Bay Yuyuan                            Residential                             2019           66,738           28,551            30.7%
Suzhou             Shanghu King’s Garden                       Residential                             2019           46,004           27,649            31.7%
Suzhou             Sea Time Garden                             Residential                             2020           69,206           73,799            15.4%
Suzhou             Huaman Seasons Garden                       Residential                             2020           32,044            8,324            49.0%
Suzhou             Jiangnan Elite’s Mansion                    Residential                             2020           24,583           36,382            47.0%
                      Garden Phase I
Suzhou             Jiangnan Elite’s Mansion                    Residential                             2021           30,760           94,636            47.0%
                      Garden Phase II
Suzhou             Jiangnan Elite’s Mansion Garden Phase III   Commercial/office building              2022            7,239           53,459            47.0%
Suzhou             Runyuan King’s Garden                       Residential                             2019           80,669           43,022            49.0%
Suzhou             Lake Yue Lanting                            Residential                             2019           59,235            9,707            15.7%
Ningbo             Jinhui & Powerlong Plaza                    Residential/commercial                  2022           86,528          283,991            47.0%

Subtotal of Yangtze River Delta region                                                                                              1,279,711
Subtotal of interests in Yangtze River Delta region                                                                                   572,286

Subtotal of land bank developed by the Group’s joint ventures and associates                                                        5,180,886
Subtotal of interests in the land bank developed by the Group’s joint ventures and associates                                       2,191,457

Total                                                                                                                              30,727,368
Total interests                                                                                                                    24,047,993

Note:

The GFA of the Group’s land bank include (i) GFA available for sale and total rentable GFA of completed projects, (ii) total GFA for properties under
development; and (iii) total GFA for properties held for future development. In respect of the non-wholly owned projects, the GFA will be adjusted according to
the equity interests of the Group in relevant projects.


Land Acquisition in 2020
In 2020, the Group acquired a total of 35 new land projects. The planned GFA was approximately 4,301,175 sq.m and the
planned GFA which the Group had effective equity interests was approximately 3,575,972 sq.m. The total contracted land
premium which the Group had effective equity interests was approximately RMB18,329.0 million. Average land acquisition
cost was approximately RMB5,126 per sq.m.
               RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    28         ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿

Set out below are the details of the most recent acquisitions of land parcels by the Group for the year ended 31 December
2020:

                                                                                                             Estimated       Attributable
                                           Attributable                                                    Planed GFA        Planed GFA
                                              Interests                                                 Excluding Floor   Excluding Floor
                                                Held by           Total     Attributable        Total      and Parking       and Parking
City            Project                     the Group     Land Premium    Land Premium     Site Area               Lots              Lots
                                                    (%)       (RMB’000)       (RMB’000)        (sq.m)            (sq.m)            (sq.m)


Shaoxing        Parcel A05, Keyan,                67.2        1,044,280         701,756      57,812             76,737            51,567
                  Keqiao District
Shaoxing        Parcel A03, Keyan,                96.0        1,467,350       1,408,656      63,210            121,645           116,779
                  Keqiao District
Ningbo          Parcel No. 8, Xincheng            57.6          516,130         297,291      26,477             53,383            30,748
                  River
Ningbo          Parcel No. 201801,                57.6        1,071,200         617,011     122,292            152,650            87,926
                  Chengnan
Zhangjiagang    Parcel 2018-B18                   67.2          577,984         388,405      41,941             62,353            41,901
Wuxi            Parcel 2020-25                    49.0        3,681,600       1,802,511     128,379            233,910           114,522
Nantong         Parcel R2020-026, West            96.0          508,867         488,513      37,373             71,518            68,657
                  Side of Jinfu Road
Yangzhou        Parcel GZ198, Huaduhui,           64.3        1,260,378         810,675      93,813            146,284            94,090
                  Shouxi Lake
Yangzhou        Parcel 2020G11,                   96.0          310,000         297,600      40,819             70,799            67,967
                  Binjiang, Jiangdu
                  District
Huai’an         Land parcel on the                96.0          187,300         179,808      28,600             88,660            85,113
                  Southern side of
                  Jiujiang Road, Huaiyin
                  District
Huai’an         Development Zone High             96.0          299,900         287,904      56,712            113,423           108,886
                  Speed Railway East
                  Station
Huai’an         Land parcel at                    96.0          253,400         243,264      29,312             87,936            84,419
                  Sundahong, Huaiyin
                  District
Huai’an         Land parcel 11# North             96.0          330,700         317,472      56,913            142,233           136,543
                  Sundahong, Huaiyin
                  District (1)
Huai’an         Land parcel 12# North             96.0          331,600         318,336      56,833            142,033           136,351
                  Sundahong, Huaiyin
                  District(1)
Huai’an         Land parcel 13# North             96.0          305,900         293,664      52,215            130,488           125,268
                  Sundahong, Huaiyin
                  District (1)
Lianyungang     Parcel No. 19 at                  48.0          626,300         300,624      34,819             69,638            33,426
                  Lianyungang High-tech
                  area (1)
Lianyungang     Parcel A at Houzui(1)             96.0          560,000         537,600     165,929            381,637           366,372
Lianyungang     Parcel B at Houzui(1)             96.0          157,400         151,104      61,705             86,387            82,932
Lianyungang     Parcel C at Houzui(1)             96.0          280,000         268,800      93,032            186,064           178,621
Lianyungang     Parcel D at Houzui(1)             96.0          196,000         188,160      59,397            130,673           125,446
Lianyungang     Parcel E at Houzui(1)             96.0          108,000         103,680     108,623            130,348           125,134
Yancheng        Parcel No.20 at Dafeng,           52.8          446,400         235,699      46,650             93,300            49,262
                  Yancheng
Hefei           Land parcel 06, Hefei             96.0          909,405         873,029      61,928            124,000           119,040
                  New Station
                                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                29



                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                                                           ﻿

                                                                                                                             Estimated       Attributable
                                                 Attributable                                                              Planed GFA        Planed GFA
                                                    Interests                                                           Excluding Floor   Excluding Floor
                                                      Held by           Total       Attributable                Total      and Parking       and Parking
City               Project                        the Group     Land Premium      Land Premium             Site Area               Lots              Lots
                                                          (%)       (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)                (sq.m)            (sq.m)            (sq.m)


Chongqing          Tianfu Cola land parcel at           96.0          632,300            607,008             25,896             51,792               49,720
                      Jiulongpo District
Chongqing          Knitting Factory land                96.0        1,000,000            960,000             44,496             88,992               85,432
                      parcel at Jiulongpo
                      District
Chengdu            Rezoning industrial                  96.0          539,744            518,154             46,094             89,606               86,022
                      land parcel No. 69 at
                      Wenjiang District
Huizhou            Land parcel at Xihu                  57.6          865,150            498,326             67,841            240,067              138,279
                      Township, Qiuchang
                      Street, Huiyang District
Huizhou            Land parcel phase II                 96.0          172,750            165,840             20,300             48,720               46,771
                      at Linghu Township,
                      Qiuchang Street,
                      Huiyang District
Huizhou            Land parcel at Kaoling               96.0          527,273            506,182             39,344            125,800              120,768
                      Township, Qiuchang
                      Street, Huiyang District
Huizhou            Jiangjun Road land parcel            96.0          442,369            424,674             43,506            108,700              104,352
                      at Qiuchang Street,
                      Huiyang District
Fuqing             Land parcel No. 2020-04,             49.0          151,000             73,930             16,330             41,509               20,323
                      Fuqing
Fuqing             Land parcel No. 2020-07,             67.2          996,000            669,312             65,225            193,972              130,349
                      Fuqing
Quanzhou           No. LJ2020010,                       49.0          334,000            163,526             30,865             77,160               37,778
                      Shuangyang Street,
                      Loujiang District,
                      Quanzhou City
Foshan             Land parcel at                       96.0        1,170,680          1,123,853             44,207            138,203              132,675
                      Nanzhuang,
                      Chancheng District
                      (Eastern side of Zidong
                      Road)
Foshan             Land parcel at                       96.0        1,569,340          1,506,566             66,439            200,555              192,533
                      Nanzhuang,
                      Chancheng District
                      (Western side of
                      Xinkaijiuqu)


Total                                                              23,830,700         18,328,933          2,035,327          4,301,175             3,575,972


Note:


1.        No land transfer contract was entered in respect of the above lands as of 31 December 2020, however, land payment was prepaid or land premium
          was paid off for the above lands before 31 December 2020. The above lands have obtained their land transfer contracts on January 2021.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    30      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿


FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the revenue of the Group was approximately RMB34,875.2 million, represented
an increase of 34.3% as compared to RMB25,963.1 million of the corresponding period last year. Our revenue mainly
derived from the development and sales of the Group’s residential properties and commercial properties, we also derived
revenue from leasing of commercial properties, and provision of management consulting services for the overall operation of
property projects to our joint ventures and associates.

The table below sets forth the certain information related to our revenue:

                                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                                         2020                        2019
                                                                   RMB’000             %      RMB’000                   %


Property development and sales                                   34,380,524           98.5     25,037,479             96.4
  Residential                                                    31,652,719           90.8     24,191,695             93.2
  Commercial                                                      2,727,805            7.7        845,784              3.2
Property management services                                              –              –        517,219              2.0
Property leasing                                                    336,613            1.0        352,782              1.4
Management consulting services                                      158,037            0.5         55,628              0.2


Total                                                            34,875,174          100.0     25,963,108            100.0


Revenue from Property Development and Sales
As of 31 December 2020, the revenue from property development and sales was approximately RMB34,380.5 million,
represented an increase of 37.3% as compared to approximately RMB25,037.5 million of the corresponding period last
year. The increase in the Group’s revenue from property development and sales was primarily attributable to an increase in
the number of completed and delivered property projects of the Group, which resulted in an increase in the Group’s total
GFA delivered, especially in Southern China and Central China region which shown greater increase during the year.

Property Management Services
We provided property management services mainly to residential and commercial properties developed by the Group for
the year ended 31 December 2019. In order to focus our resources primarily on property development and sales, the Group
disposed of the property management service business which had been completed as of 31 December 2019. As a result,
the Group did not record any revenue from property management services as at 31 December 2020.

Rental Income
Revenue from property leasing consists of recurring rental revenue from leasing our commercial properties, such as office
buildings, shopping malls and shopping streets. Our rental income decreased by approximately 4.6% to RMB336.6 million
for the year ended 31 December 2020 from RMB352.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was mainly
due our rental reduction or waiver measures implemented in respect of our investment properties during the Covid-19
epidemic.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 31



                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                            ﻿


Management Consulting Services
The Group provides management consulting services to its joint ventures and associates, such services mainly include
management consultation services provided to these entities in connection with the construction, sales and marketing of
properties, and overall project management during the development and sales of properties. Our revenue from management
consulting services increased by approximately 184.2% to RMB158.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from
RMB55.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was mainly due to we have provide management consulting
services to more projects developed by our joint ventures and associates.

Cost of Sales
Cost of property development and sales mainly consists of construction costs, land acquisition costs and capitalized
interest. During the year ended 31 December 2020, our cost of sales amounted to approximately RMB27,162.3 million,
represented an increase of 33.8% as compared to that of RMB20,300.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019,
which was primarily attributable to increases in the scale of our operations and accordingly an increase in our corresponding
total GFA delivered.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
The Group’s gross profit increased to RMB7,712.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from RMB5,662.2 million
for the year ended 31 December 2019.

The Group’s gross profit margin increased to 22.1% for the year ended 31 December 2020 from 21.8% for the year ended
31 December 2019.

Finance Income
The Group’s finance income primarily consists of interest income from bank deposits, interest income from funds the
Group advanced to our joint ventures and associates and interest received from third parties. The Group’s finance income
decreased by approximately 5.1% to RMB95.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from RMB100.4 million for
the year ended 31 December 2019, which was mainly due to the Group ceased to receive interest on advance from the
Group’s joint ventures and associates and third parties as at 31 December 2019.

Other Income and Gains
The Group’s other income and gains increased to RMB436.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from RMB187.6
million for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was mainly due to the increase in net exchange gain.

Selling and Distribution Expenses
The Group’s selling and distribution expenses mainly consist of (i) promotion and advertising expenses, which primarily
represent costs incurred in connection with advertisement in media and promotional events; (ii) employee benefit expenses,
which primarily represent salaries paid to our Group’s selling and marketing personnel; (iii) office and property management
expenses, which primarily represent the expenses incurred in daily operation and management of the Group’s sales
offices; (iv) sales expenses, which primarily represent commissions paid to third-party sales agencies; (v) depreciation and
amortization, which primarily represent the depreciation and amortization of equipment and devices used by the Group’s
selling and marketing personnel; (vi) travelling and entertainment expenses; and (vii) after-sales service expenses, which
primarily represent expenses incurred during the provision of our Group’s after-sales services to our customers.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    32      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿

The Group’s selling and distribution expenses increased by approximately 49.4% to RMB1,152.8 million for the year ended
31 December 2020 from RMB771.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was primarily attributable to
increase in promotion and advertising expenses.

Administrative Expenses
Our administrative expenses mainly consist of (i) employee benefit expenses, which primarily represent salaries paid to
our Group’s administrative personnel; (ii) tax and surcharges, which primarily represent stamp duties in relation to sales
contracts the Group entered into and property tax in relation to properties our Groups leased; (iii) depreciation and
amortization, which primarily represent the depreciation and amortization of the Group’s offices and office equipment;
(iv) office expenses, which primarily represent the expenses incurred by our Group’s administrative personnel in the daily
operations of our Group’s offices; (v) professional consulting expenses, which primarily represent the expenses for the
consulting services the Group engaged in order to increase our operational efficiency; (vi) bank service charges, which
primarily represent the expenses for miscellaneous bank services; (vii) travelling and entertainment expenses; and (viii)
service expenditures.

The Group’s administrative expenses increased by approximately 21.1% to RMB1,196.1 million for the year ended 31
December 2020 from RMB988.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was primarily attributable to the
increase in tax and office expenses as we expand our operation scale.

Finance Cost
Our finance costs mainly consist of (i) interest on bank and other borrowings, corporate bonds, asset-backed securities,
senior notes and lease liabilities; and (ii) interest expense arising from revenue contracts, which represents interest expenses
recognised for the significant financing components included in contract liabilities during the period from the receipt of
sales proceeds to the delivery of the underlying properties, less capitalized interest directly relating to properties under
development.

The Group’s finance cost increased by approximately 6.1% to RMB525.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020
from RMB494.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was primarily attributable to the increase in scale of
interest-bearing debts.

The Group’s weighted average cost of debt as at 31 December 2020 was approximately 7.47% (31 December 2019:
7.76%).

Other Expenses
The Group’s other expenses increased by approximately 64.2% to RMB80.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020
from RMB49.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was primarily attributable to increase in donation made
for fighting against Covid-19 pandemic and other community charity.

Fair Value Gains on Investment Properties
Fair value gains on investment properties represent the changes in the fair value of our investment properties. For the year
ended 31 December 2020, the Group recorded fair value gains on investment properties of RMB437.0 million, represented
a decrease of 9.1% compared to that of RMB480.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. Such decrease was
primarily because Suzhou Qianwan Commercial Center（蘇州淺灣商業中心）was added to our investment properties
portfolio in 2019, and accordingly we recorded a relatively high level of appreciation in value in 2019 as compared to the
corresponding period of 2020.
                                                              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020                    33



                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                                 ﻿


Share of Profits of Joint Ventures
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group recorded share of profits of joint ventures of RMB992.5 million, while
we recorded share of profits of joint ventures of RMB510.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. Such change
was mainly attributable to the increase in profit due to the delivery of the property projects held by the Group’s joint venture
during the relevant year.

Share of Losses of Associates
The Group’s share of losses of associates increased to RMB182.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from
RMB68.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was primarily attributable to the decrease in area delivered
of the property projects held by the Group’s associates during the year ended 31 December 2020.

Profit before Tax
The Group’s profit before tax increased by approximately 43.1% to RMB6,536.8 million for the year ended 31 December
2020 from RMB4,568.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2019.

Income Tax Expenses
The Group’s income tax expenses for the year included the provision made for PRC enterprise Income tax and land
appreciation tax. The Group’s income tax expenses increased by approximately 44.6% to RMB2,717.7 million for the
year ended 31 December 2020 from RMB1,878.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was primarily
attributable to the increase in enterprise income tax and land appreciation tax as a result of the increase in our taxable profit
and property sales.

The effective enterprise income tax rate (i.e. income tax divided by profit before tax) of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2020 was 41.6%, as compared to that of 41.1% for the year ended 31 December 2019.

Profit for the Year
As a result of the change in the Group’s financial data mentioned above, the profit before tax of the Group increased by
approximately 42.0% to RMB 3,819.1 million during the year ended 31 December 2020 from RMB2,690.0 million during
the year ended 31 December 2019.



LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

Net Current Assets
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s net current assets was RMB49,834.5 million (2019: RMB34,357.5 million). In
particular, the Group’s total current assets increased by approximately 25.3% to RMB162,445.3 million as at 31 December
2020 from RMB129,645.9 million as at 31 December 2019. The Group’s total current liabilities increased by approximately
18.2% to RMB112,610.8 million as at 31 December 2020 from RMB95,288.4 million as at 31 December 2019. The
increase of the Group’s total current assets was mainly attributable to (i) increase in properties under development as we
expanded our business; (ii) increase in the number of completed properties resulted in the increase in completed properties
held for sale; and (iii) increase in cash and cash equivalents as a result of increase in pre-sales of properties, such increase
was partly offset by (i) increase in contracted liabilities as a result of increase in sales of properties; (ii) increase in trade
payables to satisfy our operation and development need.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    34      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿


Cash Position
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s cash and bank balances was RMB26,591.0 million (2019: RMB13,399.8 million).
Excluding the restricted cash and pledged deposits, our cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB20,732.1 million, of
which RMB17,918.8 million, RMB2,548.6 million and RMB264.7 million (2019: RMB9,218.5 million, of which RMB8,845.2
million, RMB5.4 million and RMB367.9 million) were denominated in Renminbi, Hong Kong Dollars and US dollars.

Indebtedness
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s outstanding borrowings amounted to RMB53,774.0 million (2019: RMB49,071.1
million), of which RMB53,750.9 million (2019: RMB49,053.5 million) carried interests at fixed rate. Save for the RMB5,295.6
million senior notes were denominated in US dollars and the RMB12.6 million bank loans were denominated in Hong Kong
dollars, all other borrowings of the Group was denominated in renminbi.

The table below sets forth the components of our borrowings as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                                As of 31 December
                                                                                                  2020            2019
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


Current
Bank loans – secured                                                                             12,561             8,000
Other loans – secured                                                                                 –         4,219,500
Other loans – unsecured                                                                               –           818,192
Current portion of long term bank loans – secured                                             5,727,540         3,885,829
Current portion of other loans – secured                                                      3,994,330         5,047,790
Corporate bonds                                                                               7,056,468         4,035,868
Senior notes                                                                                  1,745,743            34,154
Proceeds from asset-backed securities                                                           770,798         1,156,041


Total current                                                                                19,307,440        19,205,374


Non-current
Bank loans – secured                                                                         22,612,905        13,307,054
Other loans – secured                                                                         3,255,100         6,159,200
Corporate bonds                                                                               2,358,100         5,266,794
Senior notes                                                                                  3,549,874         1,706,044
Proceeds from asset-backed securities                                                         2,690,573         3,426,599


Total non-current                                                                            34,466,552        29,865,691


Total borrowings                                                                             53,773,992        49,071,065


Secured                                                                                      39,063,807        37,210,013
Unsecured                                                                                    14,710,185        11,861,052


Total borrowings                                                                             53,773,992        49,071,065
                                                             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   35



                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                               ﻿

The following table sets out the maturity of the Group’s total borrowings as at the dates indicated:

                                                                                                   As of 31 December
                                                                                                     2020            2019
                                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


Bank loans repayable:
  Within one year                                                                                 5,740,101          3,893,829
  Between one and two years                                                                      11,909,435          4,569,985
  Between two and five years                                                                     10,574,470          8,737,069
  More than five years                                                                              129,000                  –


                                                                                                 28,353,006        17,200,883


Other borrowings repayable:
  Within one year                                                                                 3,994,330        10,085,482
  Between one and two years                                                                       3,155,100         5,192,000
  Between two and five years                                                                        100,000           967,200


                                                                                                  7,249,430        16,244,682


Other senior notes, corporate bonds and proceeds
  from asset-backed securities repayable
  Within one year                                                                                 9,573,009          5,226,063
  Between one and four years                                                                      6,156,321          7,882,536
  Over four years                                                                                 2,442,226          2,516,901


                                                                                                 18,171,556        15,625,500


Total                                                                                            53,773,992        49,071,065


Pledged of Assets
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s borrowings was secured by our assets amounted to RMB64,652.0 million (2019:
RMB56,463.0 million), such assets included (i) property, plant and equipment; (ii) land use rights; (iii) investment properties;
(iv) properties under development; (v) completed properties held for sale; (vi) prepayments and other receivables; (vii)
pledged deposits; and (viii) right-of-use assets.

Financial Risk
The Group’s businesses exposed us to various financial risks, including interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, credit
risk and liquidity risk. In order to minimize such risk exposures of the Group, we do not use any derivatives and other
instruments for hedging. The Group does not hold or issue financial derivatives for trading purpose.

Interest Rate Risk
The Group’s exposure to changes in market interest rate relates primarily to the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other
borrowings. The Group does not use financial derivatives to hedge interest rate risk, and use variable rate bank borrowings
and other borrowings to manage its interest cost.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    36      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿


Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group mainly operates its business in China, and substantial all of its revenue and expenses are denominated in
renminbi, while the net proceeds from listing is payable in Hong Kong dollars. As at 31 December 2020, among the Group’s
cash and bank balances, RMB2,548.6 million and RMB264.7 million was denominated in Hong Kong dollars and US
dollars, respectively, such amount was subject to the exchange rate fluctuation. The Group does not have any policy to
hedge against foreign exchange risk. However, the Group will closely monitor its foreign exchange exposure, and strive to
maintain the value of the Group’s cash.

Credit Risk
The Group divides financial instruments on basis of shared credit risk characteristics, such as instrument type and credit
risk ratings for the purpose of determining significant increases in credit risk and calculation of impairment. To manage risk
arising from trade receivables, the Group has policies in place to ensure that credit terms are made only to counterparties
with an appropriate credit history and management performs ongoing credit evaluations of the Group’s counterparties.
The credit quality of these customers is assessed after taking into account their financial position, past experience and
other factors. The Group also has other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
receivables. In addition, the Group regularly reviews the recoverable amount of trade receivables to ensure that adequate
impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk, with
credit risk spread over a large number of counterparties and customers.

Liquidity Risk
The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between sustainability and flexibility of funding through the use of interest-
bearing bank and other borrowings. The Group reviews our liquidity position on an ongoing basis.

Contingent Liabilities
The Group has arrangements with various banks for the provision of mortgage financing and, where required, provides our
customers with guarantees as security for mortgage loans. The terms of such guarantees typically last until the issuance of
the real estate ownership certificate upon the completion of guarantee registration or satisfaction of mortgage loan by the
purchaser. As a guarantor, if the purchaser defaults in payment, the Group is obligated to repay all outstanding amounts
owed by the purchaser to the mortgagee bank under the loan and have the right to claim such amount from the defaulting
purchaser. The Group did not incur any material losses during the year in respect of the guarantees provided for mortgage
facilities granted to purchasers of our completed properties held for sale. Our Directors considered that the likelihood of
default in payments by purchasers is minimal and therefore the financial guarantees measured at fair value is immaterial. As
such, no provision has been made in connection with the guarantees.

As at 31 December 2020, the Group has provided guarantee to the bank amounted to RMB34,134.7 million (2019:
RMB29,957.6 million) in total for the financing granted to the purchasers of our properties. As at 31 December 2020, the
Group has provided guarantee to the bank amounted to RMB5,515.5 million (2019: RMB8,659.9 million) in total for the
financing granted to our related parties and third parties. The balances of guarantees given to banks and other institutions
in connection with facilities granted to third parties of 2019 were released in the year 2020. During the year, the Group did
not have any outstanding loan capital, bank overdrafts and acceptance liabilities or other similar indebtedness, debentures,
mortgages, charges or loans, or acceptance credits or hire purchase commitments, guarantees or other material contingent
liabilities or any covenant. Our Directors have confirmed that there had not been any material change in the indebtedness,
capital commitments and contingent liabilities of our Group up to the latest practicable date for the purpose of the
indebtedness statement.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 37



                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                            ﻿


Legal Contingents
The Group may involve in lawsuits and other proceedings from time to time during the ordinary course of business. The
Group believes that the liabilities resulting from these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or operating results.

Commitment
As at 31 December 2020, the Group has capital commitment of RMB28,896.8 million (2019: RMB29,426.4 million) in
respect of properties under development, merger and acquisition of equity interest and capital injection for investment in
joint ventures and associates.

Off-Balance Sheet Commitment and Arrangements
Save for the contingent liabilities disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any outstanding loan
capital issued or agreed to be issued, bank overdrafts, loans, loan securities, borrowings or other similar indebtedness,
acceptance liabilities (save for normal commercial notes), acceptance credits, debentures, mortgages, charges, finance
lease or hire purchase commitments, guarantees or other material contingent liabilities.

Significant Investments Held, Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries,
Associates and Joint Ventures
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group had undergone acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries for the
purpose of the reorganisation in preparation for the Listing. Please refer to the prospectus of the Company dated 16
October 2020 (the “Prospectus”) for further details.

Save as disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company has no other significant investments or significant acquisitions of
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in 2020.

Future Plan for Significant Investment
The Group intends to utilise the net proceeds raised from the Listing according to the plans set out in the section headed
“Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus. As at 31 December 2020, RMB1,135.6 million of the net proceeds
have been used in a manner consistent with the proposed allocations in the prospectus of the Company dated 16 October
2020. The unutilized net proceeds would be allocated and used according to the purposes set out in the Prospectus.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have any other immediate plans for material investments and capital
assets as at 31 December 2020.
                RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    38          ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Management Discussion and Analysis
﻿


Use of Proceeds from the Listing
Net proceeds from the Listing (including the partial exercise of the over-allotment options), after deducting the underwriting
commission and other estimated expenses in connection with the Listing, amounted to approximately HK$2,691.9 million
(equivalent to approximately RMB2,332.3 million). As of the date of this report, the net proceeds received from the Listing
have been used, and will continue to be used, in a manner consistent with the proposed allocations in the Prospectus. As
at 31 December 2020, the Group has utilized the proceeds from the Listing in the amount of approximately RMB1,135.6
million, of which: (i) approximately RMB233.2 million was allocated for general business operations and working capital; and (ii)
approximately RMB620.2 million was used to repay part of our existing entrusted loans for our development projects; and (iii)
approximately RMB282.2 million was used to finance the Group’s existing property projects. The remaining proceeds amounted
to approximately RMB1,196.7 million, of which approximately RMB79.5 million will be used to repay part of our existing
entrusted loans for our development projects and RMB1,117.2 million will be used to finance the Group’s existing property
projects, the payment of which will be made year by year according to the construction progress in the following years.

As at 31 December 2020, our planned use and actual use of net proceeds raised from IPO was as follows:

                                                                                                 Utilised       Unutilised    Expected
                                                                                                  (up to            (as at    timeline for the
                                            Percentage of   Available to        Utilised    31 December      31 December      unutilised net
                                             net proceeds         utilise   during 2020            2020)            2020)     proceeds
                                                            (RMB million)   (RMB million)    (RMB million)    (RMB million)


Construction costs for the development of            60%         1,399.4           282.2            282.2          1,117.2    By 31 December 2021
   the Group’s existing property projects
Repayment of trust loans                             30%           699.7           620.2            620.2             79.5    By 31 December 2021
For general business operation                       10%           233.2           233.2            233.2                –    N/A
   purposes and working capital


                                                   100%          2,332.3         1,135.6          1,135.6          1,196.7


Employees
As at 31 December 2020, the Group has a total of 3,794 employees, with most of them were based in China. For the year
ended 31 December 2020, staff costs (including Directors) was approximately RMB450.2 million (2019: approximately
RMB681.6 million). The Group determined the salary based on the qualifications, position and experience of each
employee. The Group has established a regular assessment mechanism to assess the performance of our employees, the
assessment results are used as the basis for determining salary increment, bonuses and promotions.
                                                               RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020           39



                         Biographies of Director and Senior Management
                                                                                                                         ﻿


DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Mr. Lam Ting Keung（林定强）, aged 54, founded our Group in September 1996. Mr. Lam was appointed as our Director
on 17 October 2019 and was re-designated as our executive Director on 16 March 2020. Mr. Lam is currently the chairman
of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Group as well. He is primarily responsible for the leadership, overall
strategic planning, major investment and decision making of our Group. Mr. Lam also has over 26 years of experience in the
PRC real estate industry.

Currently, Mr. Lam is a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference（全國
政治協商會議全國委員會）since March 2013, a standing member of All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese
（中華全國歸國華僑聯合會）since July 2009, a vice president of the Overseas Chinese Charity Foundation of China（中
國華僑公益基金會）since December 2015, a vice president of the Overseas Chinese Entrepreneurs Association（中國僑商
聯合會）since December 2010. He is also a permanent honorary chairman of Hong Kong-Fujian Association（香港福建社
團聯會）, Hong Kong Federation Overseas Chinese Association（香港僑屆社團聯會）and Hong Kong-Fuzhou Shiyi Fellow
Association（香港福州十邑同鄉會）since May 2008, December 2018 and July 2002, respectively. Mr. Lam obtained the
Enthusiastic Overseas Chinese Outstanding Contribution Award（熱心海外華教人士傑出貢獻獎）granted by Overseas
Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council（國務院僑務辦公室）in December 2017 and the 2018 Annual Overseas Chinese
Charity Star（ 2018年度僑愛心慈善之星）granted by Overseas Chinese Charity Foundation of China（中國華僑公益基金會）
in December 2018.

Mr. Lam is the father of Mr. Lam Yu, our executive Director.

Mr. Lam Yu（林宇）, aged 30, was appointed as our Director on 17 October 2019 and was re-designated as our executive
Director on 16 March 2020. Mr. Lam Yu is also an executive president of our Group and is primarily responsible for the
management of Presidents’ Office, human resources and Administrative Management Office of our Group. He joined our
Group in March 2011 as a director of Yancheng Jinhui Juye and had been a director of our various subsidiaries.

Mr. Lam Yu participated in the Advanced Seminar for Chief Executive Officers on Real Estate Development and Investment
and Finance at Tsinghua University（清華大學房地產開發與投融資總裁高級研修班）from May 2010 to March 2011.

Mr. Lam Yu is the son of Mr. Lam, our executive Director.

Mr. Chen Chaorong（陳朝榮）, aged 47, was appointed as our Director on 17 October 2019 and was redesignated as our
executive Director on 16 March 2020. Mr. Chen is also an executive president of our Group and is primarily responsible for
the investment, financing and legal matters of our Group. Mr. Chen joined our Group as an assistant to general manager of
Radiance Group in August 2006 and has held various positions in Radiance Group, including financial director, company
secretary, deputy general manager and director.

From June 2000 to August 2002, Mr. Chen worked in Fuzhou branch office of China Great Wall Asset Management
Corporation（中國長城資產管理公司）, an asset management company in the PRC. From August 2002 to June 2006,
Mr. Chen served as a project manager in Fujian Huaxing Certified Public Accountants LLP（福建華興會計師事務所）, an
accounting firm in the PRC.

Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree in investment economics from Central University of Finance and Economics（中央
財經大學）(formerly known as Central College of Finance and Banking（中央財政金融學院）) in the PRC in June 1995. He
also obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Tsinghua University（清華大學）in the PRC in July 2019.
Mr. Chen obtained the qualification of Senior Accountant granted by Fujian Provincial Department of Human Resources and
Social Security（福建省人力資源和社會保障廳）(formerly known as Fujian Provincial Department of Human Resources（福
建省人事廳）) in May 2008. Currently, Mr. Chen is a member of the Eighth session of Chinese Real Estate Association（中國
房地產業協會）.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    40      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Biographies of Director and Senior Management
﻿

Mr. Huang Junquan（黃俊泉）, aged 48, was appointed as our Director on 17 October 2019 and was redesignated as our
executive Director on 16 March 2020. Mr. Huang is also a senior vice president of our Group and is primarily responsible for
the project operations, architecture design and brand marketing of our Group.

He joined our Group in January 2009 as the vice president of Radiance Group and was promoted as the senior vice
president and director of Radiance Group in September 2018. From September 1995 to December 2005, Mr. Huang
served in 廈門中建東北設計院有限公司(Xiamen Zhongjian Northeast Architectural Design & Research Institute Co., Ltd.)
with his last position as the director in a branch office, where he was primarily responsible for the design management of
the Fuzhou branch. From January 2006 to December 2008, he served as a director in the Fuzhou branch of 北京中華建規
劃設計研究院有限公司福建分公司(Beijing Zhonghuajian Planning and Design Institute Co., Ltd.), where he was primarily
responsible for the design business and overall operation of such company.

Mr. Huang obtained a bachelor’s degree in architecture from Tianjin University（天津大學）in the PRC in July 1995. He
obtained qualifications for Class 1 Registered Architect（一級註冊建築師）granted by MOHURD, Ministry of Human
Resource and Social Security of the People’s Republic of China（中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障部）formerly known
as Ministry of Personnel of the People’s Republic of China（中華人民共和國人事部）and Fujian Provincial Department of
Human Resource and Social Security in April 2001. He obtained the qualification of Senior Architect（高級建築師）granted
by 中國建築東北設計研究院 (China Construction Northeast Architectural Design & Research Institute) in September 2002.
He is the vice president of Fuzhou Real Estate Association（福州房地產業協會）.

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Zhang Huaqiao（張化橋）, aged 57, was appointed as the independent director of Radiance Group in June 2016. Mr.
Zhang’s appointment was solely to enable him to serve as an independent director of Radiance Group upon its listing on
the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the application for which was still pending at the time of his appointment. As such listing has
not taken place, he has not taken part in the day-to-day operations and management of Radiance Group or of the Group.
Mr. Zhang was further appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 5 October 2020. Mr. Zhang is primarily
responsible for providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Group.

From July 1994 to July 1995, Mr. Zhang worked as analyst in Equity Capital Markets Department of Swiss Bank
Corporation Warburg. From June 1999 to April 2006, he worked in the equities department of Union Bank of Switzerland
(Hong Kong branch)（瑞士銀行）, a Swiss multinational investment bank and financial services company, with the last
position as the co-head of the China research team. From May 2006 to September 2008, he served in Shenzhen
Investment Limited（深圳控股有限公司）with his last position as chief operation officer and executive director, a real estate
development company, which shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0604). From September 2008 to June
2011, he was employed by UBS AG with the last capacity as a deputy head of UBS China IBD with the corporate rank of
managing director in the Investment Banking Department. From September 2011 to April 2012, he served as an executive
director and chief executive officer of Man Sang International Limited（民生國際有限公司）, a real estate development
company, which shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0938).

In addition, Mr. Zhang currently holds or had held directorship in the following companies listed on the Stock Exchange:

Name of Entity                                               Stock code Position and Period of Time


Shenzhen International Holdings Limited                      0152           non-executive director;
 （深圳國際控股有限公司）                                                               April 2006 to September 2008

Kasen International Holdings Limited                         0496           independent non-executive director;
 （卡森國際控股有限公司）                                                               July 2006 to October 2008

Suncity Group Holdings Limited                               1383           non-executive director;
 （太陽城集團控股有限公司）                                                              August 2006 to September 2008

Coastal Greenland Limited                                    1124           non-executive director;
 （沿海綠色家園有限公司）                                                               January 2007 to September 2009
                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020               41



                                            Biographies of Director and Senior Management
                                                                                                                         ﻿

Name of Entity                                              Stock code Position and Period of Time


Carrianna Group Holdings Company Limited                    0126           non-executive director;
 （佳寧娜集團控股有限公司）(formerly known as                                           April 2007 to September 2009
  Tak SingAlliance Holdings Limited（達成集團）

OP Financial Limited（東英金融有限公司）                              1140           non-executive director;
                                                                           November 2007 to October 2008

Yuexiu Property Company Limited                             0123           non-executive director;
（越秀地產股份有限公司）                                                               April 2008 to September 2008

Boer Power Holdings Limited                                 1685           non-executive director;
 （博耳電力控股有限公司）                                                              November 2011 to May 2019

China Smartpay Group Holdings Limited                       8325           non-executive director;
 （中國支付通集團控股有限公司）                                                           September 2012 to May 2015
                                                                           executive director;
                                                                           May 2015 to September 2017
                                                                           non-executive director;
                                                                           September 2017 to Jan 2020

Fuguiniao Co., Ltd.（富貴鳥股份有限公司）                              1819           independent non-executive director;
                                                                           May 2013 to June 2014

Ernest Borel Holdings Limited                               1856           independent non-executive director;
 （依波路控股有限公司）                                                               June 2014 to November 2014

Wanda Hotel Development Company Limited                     0169           independent non-executive director;
 （萬達酒店發展有限公司）                                                              September 2014 to May 2018

Sinopec Oilfield Service Corporation                        1033           independent non-executive director;
 （中石化石油工程技術服務股份有限公司）                                                       February 2015 to June 2018

China Huirong Financial Holdings Limited                    1290           independent non-executive director;
 （中國匯融金融控股有限公司）                                                            since October 2013

Fosun International Limited（復星國際有限公司）                       0656           independent non-executive director;
                                                                           since March 2012

Logan Property Holdings Company Limited                     3380           independent non-executive director;
 （龍光地產控股有限公司）                                                              since November 2013

Zhong An Group Limited（眾安集團有限公司）                            0672           independent non-executive director;
                                                                           since January 2013

Luye Pharma Group Limited                                   2186           independent non-executive director;
 （綠葉製藥集團有限公司）                                                              since June 2014

Mr. Zhang also served as an independent non-executive director of Yancoal Australia Limited, which shares are listed on
the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX code: YAL), from April 2014 to January 2018 and an independent non-executive
director of China Rapid Finance Ltd., which shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: XRF), from April
2017 to March 2019.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    42      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Biographies of Director and Senior Management
﻿

Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in financial and banking from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law（中南財
經政法大學）(formerly known as Hubei Financial and Banking Institute（湖北財經學院）) in July 1983. He also obtained a
master’s degree in economics from both the Graduate School of the People’s Bank of China（中國人民銀行研究生部）in
the PRC in July 1986 and Australian National University in Australia in April 1991, respectively.

Mr. Tse Yat Hong（謝日康）, aged 51, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 5 October 2020. Mr.
Tse is primarily responsible for providing independent advice on the operations and management to our Board.

From January 1994 to May 2000, Mr. Tse worked as an audit manager in PricewaterhouseCoopers, an accounting firm.
From June 2000 to May 2019, Mr. Tse worked as the chief financial officer in Shenzhen International Holdings Limited（深圳
國際控股有限公司）, a company engages in the investment, construction and operation of logistics infrastructure facilities,
whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0152), where he was primarily responsible for the overall
financial management and capital market operation of such company. From August 2000 to March 2008, Mr. Tse also
worked as the company secretary of Shenzhen International Holdings Limited. From September 2004 to September 2007,
Mr. Tse worked as a joint company secretary of Shenzhen Expressway Company Limited（深圳高速公路股份有限公司）.

Mr. Tse is currently an independent non-executive director of China Bohai Bank Co., Ltd.（渤海銀行股份有限公司）, a PRC
commercial bank, whose H shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 9668), an independent non-executive
director of China Huirong Financial Holdings Limited（中國匯融金融控股有限公司）, a company engages in the provision
of diversified financial services in China, whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1290) and an
independent non-executive director of Sky Light Holdings Limited（天彩控股有限公司）, a developer and manufacturer of
home surveillance cameras and other digital imaging products, whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code:
3882) and an independent non-executive director of E-Star Commercial Management Company Limited（星盛商業管理股
份有限公司）, a commercial property operational service provider in the Greater Bay Area, whose shares are listed on the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 6668). Mr. Tse served as a non-executive director of Shenzhen Expressway Company Limited
from January 2009 to December 2017, a toll road operator in China, whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 0548) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600548). He was also an independent non-executive director
of Casablanca Group Limited（卡撒天嬌集團有限公司）from October 2012 to April 2015, a leading branded bedding
products companies in the PRC and Hong Kong, whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2223).

Mr. Tse obtained a bachelor ’s degree in science from Monash University in Australia in April 1992. He is a Fellow of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) and a FCPA of CPA Australia.

Mr. Chung Chong Sun（鍾創新）, aged 45 was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 5 October 2020.
Mr. Chung is primarily responsible for providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Group.

From July 1997 to May 2000, Mr. Chung worked as an associate of the investment bank department in Standard Chartered
Bank (Hong Kong) as his last position, where he was primarily responsible for the projects of initial public offering, corporate
finance and financial advice. From May 2000 to July 2001, Mr. Chung worked as a senior executive in Deloitte & Touche
Corporate Finance Limited, where he was primarily responsible for the projects of initial public offering, corporate finance
and financial advice. From August 2001 to August 2003, Mr. Chung worked as an associate director of merger and
acquisition department in Cooperative Rabobank U.A. Hong Kong Branch, a Dutch multinational banking and financial
services company. From August 2003 to December 2005, Mr. Chung worked as an investor support officer in InvestHK of
the government of Hong Kong. From December 2005 to September 2018, Mr. Chung worked as senior vice president of
Issuer Services, Market Development Department in Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited. From September 2018
to July 2019, Mr. Chung worked as a chief financial officer in Xiaoi Robot Technology (H.K.) Limited, where he was primarily
responsible for financial functions, risk management, fund raising, capital market operation and investor relations. He has
been the director of Resourceful Minds Limited（滙路有限公司）since September 2019, a consulting company, where he
has been primarily responsible for the development strategies and daily operation of such company.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                43



                                             Biographies of Director and Senior Management
                                                                                                                           ﻿

Mr. Chung is currently an independent non-executive director of Strawbear Entertainment Group（稻草熊娛樂集團）, a
drama series producer and distributor in the PRC, covering the investment, development, production and distribution of TV
series and web series, whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2125)

Mr. Chung obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in Hong
Kong in May 1997. He is also a CPA of American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a CPA of Washington State
Board of Accountancy and a CFA of CFA Institute. Mr. Chung has been appointed as a member of the Advisory committee
of IT Innovation Lab in Secondary School Initiative of Hong Kong secondary schools by the government of Hong Kong
since September 2020. He had also been served as a contact convener of the artificial intelligence and high technology
committee in Hong Kong Chamber of Commerce in China (Shanghai)（中國香港（地區）商會—上海）from November 2018
to November 2019. In addition, he has been the vice president of the executive committee of the listed companies council
under the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Ms. Guo Yanfang（郭艷芳）, was appointed as our vice president on 2 February 2021 and is primarily responsible for the
cost management, procurement management, engineering management and customer services of our Group. Ms. Guo
joined our Group as an assistant president of Radiance Group in April 2016.

Prior to joining our Group, from May 2000 to October 2004, Ms. Guo worked in 北京新康房地產開發有限公司 (Beijing
Xinkang Properties Development Co., Ltd.), a property development company. From March 2005 to September 2006,
she worked as a manager in the budget contract department of 北京當代置業有限公司 (Beijing Modern Real Estate
Development Co., Ltd.), a property development company. From February 2007 to February 2010, she worked as a
director in the project cost center of 北京通瑞置業有限公司 (Beijing Tongrui Real Estate Co., Ltd.), a property development
company, where she was primarily responsible for the target cost, purchasing and pre-settlement management. From
February 2010 to July 2014, she worked as a deputy general manager in the operation department of 青島龍湖置業拓展
有限公司 (Qingdao Longfor Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.), a property development company, where she was primarily
responsible for the development strategy and operation plan. From July 2014 to April 2016, she worked as the responsible
officer in cost purchasing department of 龍湖集團控股有限公司 (Longfor Group Holdings Limited), a property development
company, which shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0960), where she was primarily responsible for cost
review.

Ms. Guo obtained a bachelor’s degree in heating ventilation and air conditioning from Harbin University of Civil Engineering
and Architecture（哈爾濱建築大學）. She obtained the qualification of Senior Engineer specialized in heating ventilation
granted by 中國建築第八工程局有限公司(China Construction Eighth Engineering Division Co., Ltd.) in July 2007.

Mr. Chiu Ngam（趙岩）, was appointed as our chief financial officer and company secretary in August 2019 and November
2019, respectively, and is primarily responsible for the financial management and company secretarial matters of our Group.
Mr. Chiu obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
in Hong Kong. He is also a FCPA of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), a CPA of
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a CPA of Washington State Board of Accountancy, a member of INSOL
International, a member of taxation faculty of HKICPA and a member of restructuring and insolvency faculty of HKICPA. Mr.
Chiu has over 20 years of experience in accounting, financial management, merge and acquisition, capital market financing
and listing compliance. He had served in numerous companies listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
and has been appointed as chief financial officer for more than 10 years in China real estate industry.


COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Chiu Ngam was appointed as our company secretary on 19 November 2019. For further details of his qualification and
experience, please refer to the paragraph headed “Senior management” in this section.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     44     ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Corporate Governance Report
﻿

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Group for the Relevant Period.

During the period from Listing date to 31 December 2020, the Company applied the principles of and fully complied with
the code provisions as set out in the CG Code except for the following deviation from provision A.2.1 of the CG Code. The
Company regularly reviews its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.


BOARD COMPOSITION
As at 31 December 2020, the Board consists of four executive Directors, namely Mr. Lam Ting Keung (Chairman), Mr.
Lam Yu, Mr. Chen Chaorong and Mr. Huang Junquan and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Zhang
Huaqiao, Mr. Tse Yat Hong, and Mr. Chung Chong Sun. An updated list of the Directors and their roles and functions is
published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and of the Company, respectively.

Mr. Lam Ting Keung is the father of Mr. Lam Yu. Other than that, there are no financial, business, family or other material
relationships among members of the Board.

During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1) and (2) of the
Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive directors with at least one independent
non-executive director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management
expertise. The three independent non-executive Directors represent more than one-third of the Board, complying with the
requirement under Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules whereby independent non-executive directors of a listed issuer must
represent at least one-third of the board. The Board believes there is sufficient independence element in the Board to
safeguard the interest of Shareholders. During the year, the Board performed the following corporate governance duties:

1.    reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

2.    reviewed the compliance with Securities Dealing Code for Directors;

3.    reviewed the training and continuous professional development of Directors;

4.    reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management system and internal control system; and

5.    reviewed the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report of this
      annual report.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES
The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and oversees all major matters of the Company,
including the formulation and approval of all policy matters, overall strategies, internal control and risk management
systems, and monitor the performance of the senior executives. All Directors have carried out their duties in good faith and
in compliance with the standards of applicable laws and regulations, and have acted in the interests of the Company and its
shareholders at all times. As at 31 December 2020, the Board comprised seven Directors, including four executive Directors
and three independent non-executive Directors. Their names and biographical details are set out in the “Biographies of
Directors and senior management” section of this report. Liability insurance for Directors and senior management of the
Company is maintained by the Company with appropriate coverage for certain legal liabilities which may arise in the course
of performing their duties.


DELEGATION BY THE BOARD
The management, consisting of executive Directors along with other senior executives, is delegated with responsibilities
for implementing the strategy and direction as adopted by the Board from time to time, and conducting the day-to-
day management and operations of the Group. Executive Directors and senior executives meet regularly to review the
performance of the businesses of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and make financial and operational
decisions. The Board also gives clear directions as to their powers of management including circumstances where
management should report back, and will review the delegation arrangements on a periodic basis to ensure that they
remain appropriate to the needs of the Group.
                                                             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  45



                                                                             Corporate Governance Report
                                                                                                                              ﻿


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group in
accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their
responsibilities to ensure that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner. The
Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Directors have prepared the consolidated financial
statements of the Group on a going concern basis.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role in the Board by virtue of their independent judgment and
their views carry significant weight in the Board’s decision. The functions of independent non-executive Directors include
bringing an impartial view and judgement on issues of the Company’s strategies, performance and control; and scrutinising
the Company’s performance and monitoring performance reporting.

All independent non-executive Directors possess extensive academic, professional and industry expertise and management
experience and have made positive contributions to the development of the Company through providing their professional
advice to the Board.

All independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of three years.

Confirmation of independence
The independence of the independent non-executive Directors has been assessed in accordance with the applicable Listing
Rules and each of the independent non-executive Directors has made an annual written confirmation of independence to
the Company pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive
Directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are independent.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Board has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity on our Board. The
Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level
as an essential element in supporting the attainment of the Company’s strategic objectives and sustainable development.
The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited
to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
having due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board.

The Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge, skills and experience, including commercial property operation, overall
business management, finance and investment. They obtained degrees in various majors including business administration,
electrical engineering and automation, real estate, computerized accounting. We have three independent non-executive
Directors who have different industry backgrounds, representing over one-third of our Board members. Furthermore, the
Board has a wide range of age, ranging from 30 years old to 57 years old. We have taken and will continue to take steps to
promote gender diversity at all levels of our Company, including but without limitation at our Board and senior management
levels. As of 31 December 2020, one of the senior management members of the Company is a female. Taking into account
our business model and specific needs, we consider that the composition of the Board satisfies our board diversity policy.

With regards to gender diversity on the Board, the board diversity policy further provides that the Board shall take
opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time when selecting and making recommendations on
suitable candidates for Board appointments. The Board would ensure that appropriate balance of gender diversity is
achieved with reference to stakeholders’ expectation and international and local recommended best practices, with the
ultimate goal of bringing our Board to gender parity. Going forward and with a view to developing a pipeline of potential
successors to the Board that may meet the targeted gender diversity ratio set out below, we will (i) continue to make
appointments based on merits with reference to board diversity as a whole; (ii) take steps to promote gender diversity at
all levels of the Group by recruiting staff of different gender; (iii) consider the possibility of nominating female management
staff who has the necessary skills and experience to the Board; and (iv) provide career development opportunities and more
resources in training female staff with the aim of promoting them to the senior management or board of the Company so
that we will have a pipeline of female senior management and potential successors to our Board in a few years’ time.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    46      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Corporate Governance Report
﻿

The nomination committee will use its best efforts to identify and recommend female candidates to the Board for
consideration for appointment as Directors with an ultimate aim to achieve at least 20% female representation in the Board
within five years of Listing, subject to there being suitable candidates and the Directors being satisfied with the qualification
and experience of the relevant candidates after a reasonable review process based on selection criteria designed with the
best interests of the Company’s business in mind. The Directors will exercise fiduciary duties in the process, acting in the
best interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole when making the relevant appointments.

The nomination committee is responsible for ensuring diversity within of the Board members and will use its best efforts to
identify and recommend suitable candidates, including female candidates, for the Board’s consideration. We also welcome
candidates of different gender to apply for our mid to senior level positions. The ultimate decision of the appointment will be
based on merits and the contribution which the selected candidates could bring to our Board and management team. The
Board believes that such merit-based selection criteria will best enable the Company to serve the Shareholders and other
stakeholders going forward.


APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
Each of the executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the
Company for a term of 3 years. Such term is subject to his retirement by rotation and re-election at an annual general
meeting of the Company in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association. Pursuant to the Article 16.2 of the
Company’s Articles, the Board shall have power from time to time and at any time to appoint any person as a Director either
to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only until the next following
general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at that meeting.

Pursuant to the Article 16.19 of the Articles, at every annual general meeting of the Company one-third of the Directors for
the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third)
shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject
to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director required to stand for re-election pursuant to Article
16.2 shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors and which Directors are to retire by rotation.
A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he retires and shall be eligible for re-election
thereat. The Company at any annual general meeting at which any Directors retire may fill the vacated office by electing a
like number of persons to be Directors.

Pursuant to the Article 16.6 of the Articles, the Company may by ordinary resolution at any time remove any Director
(including a Managing Director or other executive Director) before the expiration of his period of office notwithstanding
anything in these Articles or in any agreement between the Company and such Director and may by ordinary resolution
elect another person in his stead. Any person so elected shall hold office during such time only as the Director in whose
place he is elected would have held the same if he had not been removed. Nothing in this Article should be taken as
depriving a Director removed under any provision of this Article of compensation or damages payable to him in respect
of the termination of his appointment as Director or of any other appointment or office as a result of the termination of his
appointment as Director or as derogatory from any power to remove a Director which may exist apart from the provision of
this Article.


DIRECTORS’ TRAINING AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Immediately prior to the Listing, all Directors have been given a comprehensive training session covering a wide range of
topics including but not limited to directors’ duties and responsibilities, corporate governance and continuing obligations of
a listed company.

For every newly appointed Director after the Listing, the Company would arrange a comprehensive, formal and tailored
induction session on his/her appointment to ensure he/she would have a proper understanding of the Company’s
businesses and operations as well as his/her responsibilities under relevant statues, laws, rules and regulations as a director
of a listed company.

As part of continuous professional development of the Directors, the Company also provides briefings and other trainings
to develop and refresh the Director’s knowledge and skills. and continuously update Directors on the latest developments
regarding the Group’s business, the Listing Rules and other applicable legal and regulatory requirements to ensure
compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                47



                                                                           Corporate Governance Report
                                                                                                                           ﻿

During the year ended 31 December 2020, all the Directors attended the aforementioned comprehensive training, a training
session on update on the recent Listing Rules amendments, and read relevant materials to keep themselves abreast of
regulatory developments and changes.

Board meetings
During the Relevant Period, no Board meeting was held. The Company will fully comply with the requirement under the
code provision A.1.1 of the CG Code to convene Board meetings at least four times a year at approximately quarterly
intervals.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
DIRECTORS
Since the Listing, the Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct for the Directors’ dealings in the
securities of the Company. Upon specific enquiries of all the Directors, each of them has confirmed that he had complied
with all applicable code provisions under the Model Code during the Relevant Period.

As required by the Company, relevant officers and employees of the Company are also bound by the Model Code, which
prohibits them to deal in securities of the Company at any time when he/she possesses inside information of the Group. No
incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the relevant officers and employees was noted by the Company.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Directors, depending on our results of operations,
working capital, financial position, future prospects, and capital requirements, as well as any other factors which our
Directors may consider relevant. Dividends may be paid only out of our distributable profits as permitted under the relevant
laws. Any final dividend distribution shall also be subject to the approval of the Shareholders in a Shareholders’ meeting.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Directors recognise the importance of incorporating elements of good corporate governance in the management
structures and internal procedures of the Group so as to achieve effective accountability. The Company is committed to the
view that the Board should include a balanced composition of executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors
so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment. During
the Relevant Period, the Company has adopted the code provisions stated in the CG Code except for the deviation from
CG Code provision A.2.1.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
CG Code provision A.2.1 stipulates that the roles of the chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should
not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Lam Ting Keung is the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer
of the Company. In view of the fact that Mr. Lam has been taking up day-to-day responsibilities in operating and managing
the Group since its establishment, the Board believes that it is in the best interest of the Group to have Mr. Lam Ting
Keung taking up both roles for effective management and business development. Therefore, the Directors consider that the
deviation from CG Code provision A.2.1 is appropriate in such circumstance.

Notwithstanding the above, the Board view that such management structure is effective for the Group’s operations and
sufficient checks and balances are in place.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    48      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Corporate Governance Report
﻿


BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees with specific written terms of reference to oversee particular aspects of the
Group’s affairs. All the Board committees are empowered by the Board under their own terms of reference which have been
posted on Stock Exchange’s website and/or the Company’s website.

Audit committee
The Company established an audit committee in compliance with Rules 3.21 of the Listing Rules with written terms
of reference in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code set forth in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules on 5
October 2020. The primary duties of our audit committee are to assist our Board by providing an independent view of
the effectiveness of our Group’s financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system, to monitor the
scope, effectiveness and results of internal audit functions, to oversee the audit process, to develop and review our policies
and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by our Board.

The audit committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chung Chong Sun (being the
chairman of the audit committee), Mr. Zhang Huaqiao and Mr. Tse Yat Hong.

During the Relevant Period, no audit committee meeting was held.

The Company’s annual results for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee.

Remuneration committee
The Company established a remuneration committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.25 of
the Listing Rules on 5 October 2020. The primary duties of the remuneration are to establish and review the policy and
structure of the remuneration for our Directors and senior management and make recommendations on employee benefit
arrangement.

The remuneration committee consists of three members, two of whom are independent non-executive Directors. The three
members are Mr. Zhang Huqiao (being the chairman of the remuneration committee), Mr. Chen Chaorong and Mr. Tse Yat
Hong.

During the Relevant Period, no remuneration committee meeting was held.

Nomination Committee
The Company established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Appendix 14 to the
Listing Rules on 5 October 2020. The primary duties of our nomination committee are to make recommendations to the
Board on the appointment of members of the Board.

The nomination committee consists of three members, two of whom are independent non-executive Directors. The three
members are Mr. Lam (being the chairman of the nomination committee), Mr. Zhang Huaqiao and Mr. Chung Chong Sun.

During the Relevant Period, no nomination committee meeting was held.
                                                              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   49



                                                                              Corporate Governance Report
                                                                                                                                ﻿


FINANCIAL REPORTING SYSTEM, RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
SYSTEM
Financial reporting system
The Board, supported by the finance department, is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements of the
Company and the Group. The directors prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis, International Financial
Reporting Standards have been adopted and the appropriate accounting policies have been consistently used and applied.
The Board aims to present a clear and balanced assessment of the Group’s performance in the annual and interim reports
to the Shareholders, and make appropriate disclosure and announcements in a timely manner. Pursuant to code provision
C.1.1 of the Code, management would provide such explanation and information to the Board as will enable the Board to
make an informed assessment of the financial and other information put before the Board for approval.

The work scope and reporting responsibilities of Ernst & Young, the Company’s external auditor, are set out in the
“Independent Auditor’s Report” on pages 62 to 66 of this report.

Risk management and internal control system
The Board has established a comprehensive risk management and internal control system, which consist of an organization
framework, as well as policies, procedures and risk management methods that the Board considers to be appropriate for
our business operations. The system is designed to allow us to identify, report and address those risk and incidents that may
significantly affect our performance or otherwise expose us to significant losses, liability or non-compliance with applicable
laws and regulations. The risk management system comprises the formulation and implantation of a set of policies and
procedures relating to relevant risk areas, including compliance with laws and regulations, construction quality, work safety and
environmental matters. We are constantly monitoring the effectiveness of our risk management system. The Board oversees
the implementation of the risk management and internal control measures and is responsible with reviewing the effectiveness
of such system. The Board is responsible for approving our business and investment plans, adjusting the risk management
plans and strategies in response to risks identified in our business operations. The internal control system covers various
aspects of the operations, including information system control, procurement and accounts payable control, cash management,
compensation management and financial reporting control. The internal audit functions have also been carried out under the
leadership of the Board and the Audit Committee.

During the Relevant Period, the Group has implemented procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination
of inside information. In particular, the Group:

—     has conducted its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirement under the Listing Rules as well as the
      “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” published by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012;

—     has established its own disclosure obligation procedures, which set out the procedures and controls for the
      assessment of potential inside information and the handling and dissemination of inside information. The procedures
      have been communicated to the senior management and staff of the Company, and their implementation was
      monitored by the Company; and

—     has made broad, non-exclusive disclosure of information to the public through channels such as financial reports,
      public announcements and its website.

The risk management and internal control systems are reviewed and assessed on an on-going basis by the audit committee
and the executive Directors, and will be further reviewed and assessed at least once each year by the Board. During
the year ended 31 December 2020, these systems covering all material controls, including financial, operational and
compliance controls, were reviewed and considered effective and adequate.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the remunerations paid or payable to Ernst and Young in respect of its audit
services is approximately RMB 4.5 million.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    50      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Corporate Governance Report
﻿


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Company has adopted full disclosure of remunerations of Directors with disclosure in note 8 to the financial statements.

The remuneration of the members of senior management by bands in 2020 is set out below:

Remuneration bands                                                                                    Number of individuals


HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                                 1
HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                                                 1


COMPANY SECRETARY
In compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Chiu Ngam confirmed that for the year ended 31 December 2020, he
has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training. The biography of Mr. Chiu is set out in the “Biographies of
Directors and senior management” section on page 43 of this report.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convening an extraordinary general meeting
Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles, one or more Shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of
the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings shall have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the
company secretary, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21
days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do
so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board
shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Putting forward proposals at Shareholders’ meetings
There are no provisions in the Articles or the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands for Shareholders to put forward new
resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders who wish to put forward a new resolution may request the Company to
convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the above paragraph heading “Convening an
extraordinary general meeting”.

Enquiries to the Board
Shareholders may at any time make enquiries to the Board in writing to the Board or its company secretary at the principal
place of business in Hong Kong at Unit 6701-02, 67/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Central, Hong Kong or by
email at irhk@radiance.com.cn or directly by raising questions at general meetings.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
In preparation for the Listing, the Company has adopted the amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association pursuant to a special resolution passed at a general meeting on 29 October 2020, which became effective
on the Listing Date. Since then, the Company has not made any changes to its Memorandum and Articles of Association.
An up-to-date version of the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association is also available on the websites of the
Company and of the Stock Exchange.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  51



                                                                                          Directors’ Report
                                                                                                                             ﻿

The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the year ended 31 December 2020.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in property development. An
analysis of the Group’s revenue and operating results for the year ended 31 December 2020 by its principal activities is set
out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group on page 73 to 86 in this report.


RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in the “Chairman’s Statement” section of this
report and the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the Group on page 67 of this
report.


BUSINESS REVIEW

General
A review of the business of the Group and a discussion on the Group’s future business development during the year are
set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 15 to 17
and pages 19 to 38, respectively, of this report. An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year using financial key
performance indicators is set out in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 19 to 38 of this report. Particulars
of important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are
set out in note 47 to the consolidated financial statements on page 176 in this report.

Principal risks and uncertainties
Principal risks and uncertainties the Group faces include (i) risks related to the performance of the economic conditions
in the PRC and the PRC property markets; (ii) uncertainty as to identifying desirable locations or acquiring land use rights
for future property development on favorable terms; (iii) uncertainty as to obtaining sufficient funding for land acquisitions
and future developments and capital resources may not be available on favorable terms; (iv) risks related to the fluctuation
of profitability of property projects; (v) risks related to the government policies and regulations regarding the PRC property
industry; and (vi) risks related to the increasing raw materials price and labor costs.

The Group’s financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group are set out in note 46 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Environmental policies and performance
It is the Group’s corporate and social responsibility in promoting a sustainable and environmental friendly environment, and
the Group strives to minimise its environmental impact and comply with the applicable environmental laws and regulations.
The measures it takes to ensure its compliance with the applicable environmental laws and regulations include: (i) strictly
selecting construction contractors and supervising the process of construction; (ii) applying for review by the relevant
government authorities in a timely manner after the project is completed; and (iii) actively adopting environmentally friendly
equipment and designs. The Group also takes voluntary actions with respect to environmental protection and make energy
conservation and emission reduction as primary considerations when designing its property projects. None of the Group’s
properties had received any material fines or penalties associated with the breach of any environmental laws or regulations
during the year ended 31 December 2020. The 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Group shall be
published separately.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    52      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Directors’ Report
﻿


Relationship with Employees
The Group believes high-quality employees who value its corporate culture are essential elements to promote its sustainable
growth. The Group intends to attract and retain skilled and talented employees from reputable universities of PRC through
various initiatives, including creative trainee programs, competitive compensation packages and effective incentive system.
For details regarding employees and staff costs and the emolument policy of the Group, please refer to the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis – Employees”.

Relationship with Suppliers
The Group is dedicated to develop good relationship with suppliers as long-term business partners to ensure stability of
the Group’s businesses. It reinforces business partnerships with suppliers by ongoing communication in a proactive and
effective manner. For further details regarding the Group’s major suppliers, please refer to the section headed “Directors’
Report — Major Customers and Suppliers”.

Relationship with Customers
Customers satisfaction with services and products has a profound effect on the profitability. The Group’s dedicated sales
team is in constant communication with its customers and potential customers to uncover and create customer needs and
help customers make informed decisions. Identification of customers’ pain points alongside grasping the market trend are
critical for the Group to timely adjust our operating strategies to fit the market requirement. For details regarding the Group’s
major customers, please refer to the sections headed “Directors’ Report — Major Customers and Suppliers”.

Compliance with laws and regulations
The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands with the Shares listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. The
Group’s subsidiaries are incorporated in the BVI, Hong Kong and the PRC. The Group’s operations are mainly carried out
by the Group’s subsidiaries in China while the Group also has a corporate and administrative office in Hong Kong.

Its establishments and operations accordingly shall comply with relevant laws and regulations in the Cayman Islands, the
BVI, the PRC and Hong Kong. During the year ended 31 December 2020 and up to the date of this report, the Group has
complied with all the relevant laws and regulations in the Cayman Islands, the BVI, the PRC and Hong Kong that have a
significant impact on the Group.


FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend for the year 2020 of HK0.32 dollars (equivalent to RMB0.27) per
ordinary share (to be distributed out of the Company’s share premium account) (the “2020 Proposed Final Dividend”) in the
form of cash. The 2020 Proposed Final Dividend shall be declared and payable in Hong Kong dollars.

Based on the total issued shares of the Company as at the date of this report, the 2020 Proposed Final Dividend amounted
to approximately RMB1,092,211,290.

The 2020 Proposed Final Dividend is subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the 2021 AGM to be held on 12 May
2021 and is expected to be paid on or around 10 June 2021.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                53



                                                                                                Directors’ Report
                                                                                                                           ﻿


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Changes to the property, plant and equipment of the Group and the Company during the year ended 31 December 2020
are set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.


BORROWINGS

Details of the Group’s borrowings during the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in note 31 to the consolidated
financial statements.


SHARE CAPITAL

Save for the initial public offering as described in the Prospectus and the additional 45,227,000 Shares allotted and issued
on 25 November 2020 through the partial exercise of the over-allotment option.

Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in note
35 to the consolidated financial statements.


SENIOR NOTES

Details of senior notes of the Company during the year are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


RESERVES

Details of the movement in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2020 are
set out on pages 154 and pages 177 to 178 of this report. In respect of Company, the amount of reserves available for
distribution under the Companies Laws of the Cayman Islands as at 31 December 2020 was RMB2,228.1 million.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Save for the initial public offering as described in the Prospectus and the additional 45,227,000 Shares allotted and issued
on 25 November 2020 through the partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed securities of the Company during the year ended 31 December
2020.


DONATIONS

Donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to RMB38.6 million.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    54      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Directors’ Report
﻿


FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the state of the Group’s financial position as at that
date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 67 to 178 in this report.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2020 and up to the date of this annual report were:

Name of director                                                           Position


Mr. Lam Ting Keung                                                         Executive Director
Mr. Lam Yu                                                                 Executive Director
Mr. Chen Chaorong                                                          Executive Director
Mr. Huang Junquan                                                          Executive Director
Mr. Zhang Huaqiao                                                          Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Tse Yat Hong                                                           Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Chung Chong Sun                                                        Independent non-executive Director

In accordance with the Articles, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their
number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by
rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation
at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election.

The Company at the general meeting at which a Director retires may fill the vacated office. Accordingly, Mr. Lam Yu, Mr.
Chen Chaorong and Mr. Tse Yat Hong shall retire from office by rotation at the 2021 AGM and being eligible, will offer
themselves for re-election.

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-executive
Directors are independent.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company and each of the independent non-
executive Directors has signed an appointment letter with the Company for a term of 3 years. None of the Directors who are
proposed for election or re-election at the 2021 AGM has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable
within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation. There is no arrangement under
which a director has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year ended 31 December 2020, none of the Directors nor their respective associates (as defined in the Listing
Rules) had any interest in a business that competed or might compete with the business of the Group.
                                                              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  55



                                                                                                   Directors’ Report
                                                                                                                             ﻿


NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING

Each of Mr. Lam, being the executive Director and the Controlling Shareholder, Ms. Lam, Radiance Group Holdings and
Glowing Shine, all being the Controlling Shareholders, has confirmed to the Company that, since the Listing Date and up to
31 December 2020, he/she/it has complied with the Deed of Non-competition dated 13 October 2020 (the “Undertakings”)
as disclosed in the Prospectus.

The independent non-executive Directors had reviewed the status of compliance and the confirmation provided by the
Controlling Shareholders as part of the annual review process. On the basis that: (i) the Company has received the
confirmations from the Controlling Shareholders regarding the Undertakings; (ii) there was no competing business reported
by the Controlling Shareholders; and (iii) there was no particular situation rendering the full compliance of the Undertakings
being questionable, the independent non-executive Directors are of the view that the Undertakings have been complied with
and been enforced by the Company in accordance with the terms.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Details of the Share Option Scheme
1)   Purpose
     The Share Option Scheme is a share incentive scheme prepared in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Listing
     Rules and is established to recognise and acknowledge the contributions that the Eligible Participants (as defined
     in paragraph (2) below) had or may have made to our Group. The Share Option Scheme will provide the Eligible
     Participants an opportunity to have a personal stake in our Company with the view to achieving the following
     objectives:

     (i)     motivate the Eligible Participants to optimize their performance efficiency for the benefit of our Group; and

     (ii)    attract and retain or otherwise maintain an on-going business relationship with the Eligible Participants whose
             contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-term growth of our Group.

2)   Participants
     The Board may, at its discretion, offer to grant an option to the following persons (collectively the “Eligible
     Participants”) to subscribe for such number of new Shares as the Board may determine at an exercise price
     determined in accordance with paragraph (6) below:

     (i)     any full-time or part-time employees, executives or officers of our Company or any of its subsidiaries;

     (ii)    any directors (including independent non-executive directors) of our Company or any of its subsidiaries; and

     (iii)   any advisors, consultants, suppliers, customers, distributors and such other persons who in the sole opinion of
             the Board will contribute or have contributed to our Company or any of its subsidiaries.

3)   Maximum number of Shares
     The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
     Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the aggregate of the Shares in issue on Listing Date, and such 10%
     limit represents 400,000,000 Shares, representing approximately 9.89% of the total Shares in issue as at the date of
     this report.
              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     56       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Directors’ Report
﻿

4)    Maximum number of options to any one individual
      Unless approved by the Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the
      options granted and to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group
      (including both exercised and outstanding options) to each participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of
      the Shares in issue as at the date of grant.

5)    Acceptance and exercise of options
      An option shall be deemed to have been granted and accepted by the grantee and to have taken effect when
      the duplicate offer document constituting acceptances of the options duly signed by the grantee, together with a
      remittance in favor of the Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof, is received by the
      Company on or before the relevant acceptance date.

      The exercise period of any share option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the Board
      but such period must not exceed ten years from the date of grant of the relevant share option.

6)    Price of Shares
      The subscription price for a Share under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the Board in its absolute
      discretion, but must be at least the highest of:

      (i)     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant,
              which must be a day on which the Stock Exchange is open for the business of dealing in securities;

      (ii)    the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five
              business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and

      (iii)   the nominal value of a Share.

(7)   The duration of the Share Option Scheme
      The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective until 4 October 2030, i.e. for the period of ten years
      commencing from the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme, after which no further options shall be granted,
      but in all other respects the provisions of the Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect to the extent
      necessary to give effect to the exercise of any options granted prior thereto or otherwise as may be required in
      accordance with the provisions of the rules of the Share Option Scheme.

For further details of the Share Option Scheme, please refer to the section headed “Statutory and general information — D.
Share incentive scheme” in Appendix V to the Prospectus.

Since the adoption of the Share Option Scheme and up to the date of this report, no option has been granted by the
Company pursuant to the Share Option Scheme.
                                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020                              57



                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report
                                                                                                                                                         ﻿


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at 31 December 2020, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in the
Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of
the SFO which were required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or
which were otherwise required, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, are set
out below:

Interests in shares of the Company

Name of Director/                                                                       Number of Shares or              Approximate percentage
Chief Executive                 Nature of Interest                                        underlying Shares                      of shareholding


Mr. Lam                         Interest in controlled corporations (note 1)                      3,400,000,000                                 84.05%

Notes:


(1)      Pursuant to Division 7 of Part XV of the SFO, 3,400,000,000 Shares held by Mr. Lam are deemed corporate interests through Radiance Group Holdings
         and Glowing Shine.


Interests in shares/debentures of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                     Number of shares/                    percentage
                              Name of                                                                      Amount of                       in relevant
Name of Director              associated corporation                Nature of interest                    debentures               shares/debentures


Mr. Lam                       Radiance Group Holdings               Beneficial owner                         6,172,150                           64.97%
Lam Yu                        Radiance Capital Investments          Beneficial owner                     USD20,000,000                             2.5%
                                Limited

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had any
interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations,
recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or required to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.
               RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
      58       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Directors’ Report
﻿


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
So far as is known to the Company, as at 31 December 2020, as recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company under section 336 of the SFO, the following persons, other than a Director or chief executive of the Company,
had an interest of 5% or more in the Shares or underlying Shares:

                                                                           Number of Shares directly                       Approximate percentage
Name of substantial shareholder                                                    or indirectly held                            of Shares in issue


Radiance Group Holdings                                                                     3,400,000,000                                          84.05%
Glowing Shine                                                                               3,400,000,000                                          84.05%
Note:

(1)     Radiance Group Holdings is owned as to 64.97% and 35.03% by Mr. Lam and Ms. Lam, respectively.

(2)     Radiance Group Holdings is the beneficial owner of all the issued shares in Glowing Shine and, therefore, Radiance Group Holdings is deemed, or taken
        to be interested in the Shares owned by Glowing Shine for the purpose of the SFO.

(3)     Mr. Lam is the sole director of Radiance Group Holdings and Glowing Shine. Mr. Lam, by virtue of his ownership of shares in Radiance Group Holdings
        as to 64.97%, is deemed or taken to be interested in the Shares owned by Glowing Shine for the purpose of the SFO.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, the Company had not been notified of any persons (other than a
Director or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares that
were recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Other than the Share Option Scheme, at no time during the year was the Company, its holding company, or any of its
subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in,
or debt securities including debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in this report and the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, no transactions,
arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to which the Company, its holding company or subsidiaries was a party
and in which a Director or his connected entities had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end
of the year or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2020.


COMPLIANCE ADVISER’S INTEREST
As notified by the Company’s compliance advisor, Maxa Capital Limited (the “Compliance Advisor”), except for the
compliance adviser agreement entered into between the Company and the Compliance Advisor dated 29 October
2020, neither the Compliance Advisor nor its directors, employees or close associates had any interests in relation to the
Company, which is required to be notified to the Company pursuant to the Listing Rules.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the year ended 31 December 2020, revenue attributable to the five largest customers in aggregate accounted for
less than 30.0% of the Group’s revenue for the year.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  59



                                                                                                 Directors’ Report
                                                                                                                             ﻿

During the year ended 31 December 2020, purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier amounted to
approximately 16.3% of the Group’s total purchases and the Group five largest suppliers in aggregate accounted for
approximately 41.4% of the Group’s total purchase for the year.

None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders, which to the knowledge of the Directors owned more than
5% of the Company’s issued Shares, had an interest in the share capital of any of the five largest suppliers and customers.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
As disclosed in the Prospectus, the following is the continuing connection transaction, as defined under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules entered into by the Company which are subject to reporting, annual review and announcement requirements
but exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement. Save as disclosed below and in the Prospectus, the
Company did not enter into any additional connected transaction during the Reporting Period.

On 13 October 2020, the Company entered into a property management related services framework agreement (the
“Property Management Related Services Framework Agreement”) with Radiance Lifestyle Holdings Limited (“Radiance
Lifestyle Holdings”), pursuant to which we agreed to engage Radiance Lifestyle Holdings and/or its subsidiaries to provide
property management and related services to our Group, including but not limited to (i) management services for unsold
units and unsold car parking spaces; (ii) pre-delivery management and value-added services which primarily include (a)
planning and design consultancy; (b) inspection, cleaning and repair of units; (c) site security; and (d) ancillary facilities
management services; and (iii) sales management services which primarily include property management of display units,
and off– and on-site sales offices (the “Property Management Related Services”). The Property Management Related
Services Framework Agreement has a term commencing from the Listing Date to 31 December 2022.

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the total amount of service fee payable by the Company to Radiance Lifestyle
Holdings and/or its subsidiaries for the Property Management Related Services amounted to RMB213 million, which is
within the annual cap of RMB221 million as disclosed in the Prospectus.

The maximum transaction amounts under the Property Management Related Services Framework Agreement for the years
ending 31 December 2021 and 2022 shall not exceed RMB301 million and RMB401 million, respectively.

Radiance Lifestyle Holdings is wholly owned by Radiance Group Holdings, which is in turn owned as to 64.97% by Mr. Lam
and 35.03% by Ms. Lam. Radiance Lifestyle Holdings is therefore a connected person of our Company for the purpose of
the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transaction under the Property Management Related Services Framework Agreement will
a constitute continuing connected transaction for our Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules upon Listing.

As each of the applicable percentage ratios (except for the profit ratio) under the Listing Rules in respect of the highest
annual cap in relation to the Property Management Related Services Framework Agreement is expected to be over 0.1%
but less than 5% on an annual basis, such transaction will constitute a continuing connected transaction for the Company
that are exempt from the independent Shareholders’ approval requirement but subject to the reporting, annual review and
announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For further details, please refer to the Prospectus.

Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed that
the above continuing connected transactions have been entered into in (i) the ordinary and usual course of business of the
Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) according to the relevant agreements governing the transactions
on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

For the purpose of Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, Ernst and Young, the auditor of the Company, was engaged to report
on the continuing connected transactions and has provided a letter to the Board, confirming that nothing has come to its
attention that causes it to believe that the continuing connected transactions mentioned above (i) have not been approved
by the Board; (ii) were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
transactions; and (iii) have exceed the respective annual cap.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    60      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Directors’ Report
﻿


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of related party transactions of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in note 43 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. Save as disclosed in section headed “Continuing Connected Transaction” above,
certain of these transactions also constitute connected transactions/continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules. The Company confirmed that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS AND TAX RELIEF
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands, being the jurisdiction in
which the Company is incorporated under which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
existing Shareholders.

The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s securities.


SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE OF CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS UNDER RULE 13.18
OF THE LISTING RULES
There is no specific performance of controlling shareholders under Rule 13.18 of the Listing Rules from Listing Date up to
the date of this report.


PUBLIC FLOAT
The Stock Exchange has granted the Company a public float waiver under Rule 8.08(1)(a) of the Listing Rules to accept
a lower public float percentage of the total issued share capital of 15.95%. Details of the waiver is set out in the section
headed “Waivers from Strict Compliance with the Listing Rules — Waiver in relation to Public Float” of the Prospectus.

As at the date of this report, based on information that was public available to the Company and to the best knowledge of
the Directors, the Company maintained the amount of public float as required under the public float waiver.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board is of the opinion that the Company had adopted, applied and complied with all applicable the code provisions
as set out in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the year under review.
Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report”
section of this report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last four financial years is set out in the section
headed “Financial summary” on pages 179 to 180 of this report.


SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries as at 31 December 2020 are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY
The Articles provide that every Director is entitled to be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company
from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which he may incur or sustain by reason of
any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty or supposed duty in their respective offices or
trusts, except such (if any) as they shall incur or sustain through their own fraud or dishonesty.
                                                             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  61



                                                                                                  Directors’ Report
                                                                                                                              ﻿

The Group has taken out and maintained directors’ liability insurance for the year ended 31 December 2020, which provides
appropriate cover for the Directors. The permitted indemnity provision was in force during the year ended 31 December
2020 and remained in force as at the date of this report for the benefit of the Directors.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in the above paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” in this section, no equity-linked agreements
were entered into during the year and subsisted at the end of the year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the
Company were entered into during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The 2021 AGM will be held on Wednesday, 12 May 2021. A notice convening the AGM will be published on the Company’s
website and the Stock Exchange’s website and dispatched to the Shareholders in accordance with the requirements of
the Listing Rules in due course. For the purposes of determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at
the 2021 AGM and the Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the Register of Members will be closed as
appropriate as set out below:

For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the 2021 AGM
The Register of Members will be closed from Friday, 7 May 2021 to Wednesday, 12 May 2021, both days inclusive, during
which period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to determine the identity of members who are entitled to attend
and vote at the 2021 AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for
registration with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited at Level 54, Hopewell
Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 6 May 2021.

For determining the entitlement to the 2020 Proposed Final Dividend
The Register of Members will be closed from Wednesday, 26 May 2021 to Thursday, 27 May 2021, both days inclusive,
during which period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the 2020 Proposed Final Dividend, all share
transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s
branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 25 May 2021.


AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been audited by Ernst &
Young who will retire at the 2021 AGM. Ernst & Young, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution
for the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the auditor of the Company will be proposed at the 2021 AGM.

By order of the Board




Lam Ting Keung
Chairman

Hong Kong, 19 March 2021
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    62      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Independent Auditor’s Report
﻿

To the shareholders of Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)



OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 67 to 178, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and
notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance.



BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of
the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
                                                             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                63



                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                                                              ﻿


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Valuation of investment properties

The Group owned investment properties in mainland China           We have assessed and evaluated the design and
which were measured at fair value and their aggregate             o p e r a t i n g e ff e c t i v e n e s s o f t h e k e y c o n t ro l s o f
carrying amount was approximately RMB10,952,600,000               management in the valuation of investment properties.
as at 31 December 2020, including completed investment
properties and investment properties under construction.          We have evaluated the competency, independence
                                                                  and objectivity of the external valuer. We obtained
The Group engaged Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate Appraisal          an understanding of the valuation approach and key
and Advisory Limited (“JLL”), an independent professionally       assumptions used by the external valuer.
qualified valuer, to perform the valuations of these properties
as at 31 December 2020. Significant judgement was required        We have assessed the validity of the property related
to determine the fair values of the investment properties,        data used as inputs for the valuations and involved our
which reflected market conditions as at the end of the            internal valuation experts to assist us in evaluating the
reporting period. The fair value of completed commercial          valuation methodology and the underlying assumptions.
properties was determined using the income approach               We have evaluated the source data used in the valuation
by taking into account the rental income of the properties        by benchmarking them to relevant market information on
derived from the existing leases and/or achievable in the         a sampling basis.
existing market with due allowance for the reversionary
income potential of the leases, which have been then              We have assessed the disclosures related to the valuation
capitalised to determine the fair value at an appropriate         of investment properties in the consolidated financial
capitalisation rate. The fair value of commercial properties      statements with reference to the requirements of the
under construction was determined using the cost method,          prevailing accounting standards.
which has taken into account the market value of land use
right plus the construction cost incurred so far and applied
appropriate gross margin. Changes in these assumptions
would have significant effects on the valuation of investment
properties. Accordingly, the valuation of investment properties
was identified as a key audit matter.

The accounting policies and disclosures of the investment
properties were included in note 2.4, note 3 and note 14 to
the consolidated financial statements.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    64      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Independent Auditor’s Report
﻿


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Provision for land appreciation tax

The Group is a property developer in mainland China                We have assessed and evaluated the design and
focusing on the development of residential properties and          o p e r a t i n g e ff e c t i v e n e s s o f t h e k e y c o n t ro l s o f
the development, operation and management of commercial            management in the calculation of the provision for land
and mixed-use properties. Land appreciation tax (“LAT”)            appreciation tax.
in mainland China was one of the main components of
the Group’s taxation charge. LAT is levied on the sale of          We have involved internal tax specialists to assist us to
properties at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60%            perform a review on the LAT position, including the review
based on the appreciation of land value. As at 31 December         of the estimates and assumptions used by the Group and
2020, the management of the Group estimated the provision          the evaluation of tax exposure based on communications
for LAT based on their understanding and interpretation of         with the relevant tax authorities and applying our
the relevant tax rules and regulations, and the estimated          knowledge and experience. We have also recalculated the
total sales of properties less total deductible expenditure,       tax computation and compared our calculations with the
which includes lease charges for land use rights, property         amounts recorded by the Group.
development costs, borrowing costs and development
expenditure. Provision for LAT in mainland China is significant    We have assessed the disclosures related to the provision
to the consolidated financial statements of the Group              for land appreciation tax in the consolidated financial
and involved significant management’s judgement and                statements with reference to the requirements of the
interpretation of the relevant tax provisions. Accordingly,        prevailing accounting standards.
provision for LAT was identified as a key audit matter.

The accounting policies and disclosures of the provision for
land appreciation tax were included in note 2.4, note 3 and
note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.



OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 65



                                                                           Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                                           ﻿


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
     or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
     and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
     from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
     internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    66      ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Independent Auditor’s Report
﻿


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
     audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
     doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
     required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or,
     if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
     up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue
     as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
     manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
     within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
     supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is SIU FUNG TERENCE HO.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
19 March 2021
                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020        67



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                           2020              2019
                                                            Notes       RMB’000           RMB’000


REVENUE                                                       5        34,875,174       25,963,108
Cost of sales                                                         (27,162,266)     (20,300,888)


Gross profit                                                            7,712,908        5,662,220
Finance income                                                             95,302          100,431
Other income and gains                                        5           436,406          187,641
Selling and distribution expenses                                      (1,152,834)        (771,495)
Administrative expenses                                                (1,196,128)        (988,052)
Finance costs                                                 7          (525,246)        (494,863)
Other expenses                                                            (80,592)          (49,065)
Fair value gains on investment properties                     14          437,006          480,869
Fair value losses on financial assets at
   fair value through profit or loss                                          (77)             (266)
Share of profits and losses of:
   Joint ventures                                                         992,533          510,165
   Associates                                                            (182,519)          (68,769)


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                             6         6,536,759         4,568,816
Income tax expense                                            10       (2,717,686)       (1,878,828)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                    3,819,073         2,689,988


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                             –                 –


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                3,819,073         2,689,988


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                3,127,526         2,508,068
   Non-controlling interests                                             691,547           181,920


                                                                       3,819,073         2,689,988


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

Basic and diluted earnings per share                          12         RMB0.89           RMB0.74
             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
  68         ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
31 December 2020


                                                                      2020           2019
                                                         Notes     RMB’000        RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                             13         354,532        375,297
Right-of-use assets                                       15          121,185       133,728
Investment properties                                     14      10,952,600     10,506,200
Intangible assets                                         16           17,609        18,276
Investments in joint ventures                             17        2,461,115     1,736,684
Investments in associates                                 18       4,911,875      2,341,967
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     26         110,300        309,951
Deferred tax assets                                       19       2,884,290      2,873,970
Other non-current assets                                  25       1,402,644      1,402,644

Total non-current assets                                          23,216,150     19,698,717

CURRENT ASSETS
Properties under development                              20     103,990,664     86,103,704
Completed properties held for sale                        21      12,450,866      8,884,710
Trade receivables                                         22          24,191         25,360
Contract cost assets                                      23         771,064        481,756
Due from related parties                                  43       7,314,208      7,815,085
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets           24      10,455,096     12,243,759
Tax recoverable                                                      814,489        685,978
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     26          33,808          5,739
Restricted cash                                           27       5,420,396      3,762,566
Pledged deposits                                          27         438,433        418,642
Cash and cash equivalents                                 27      20,732,123      9,218,547

Total current assets                                             162,445,338    129,645,846

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                  28      12,922,569      8,401,573
Other payables and accruals                               29       2,890,303      3,300,649
Contract liabilities                                      30      69,086,961     56,685,129
Due to related parties                                    43       4,604,199      4,911,899
Tax payable                                               10       3,783,703      2,763,367
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                31       9,734,431     13,979,311
Proceeds from asset-backed securities                     32          770,798      1,156,041
Senior notes                                              33        1,745,743         34,154
Corporate bonds                                           34       7,056,468      4,035,868
Lease liabilities within one year                         15           15,637         20,380

Total current liabilities                                        112,610,812     95,288,371


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                49,834,526    34,357,475


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                             73,050,676    54,056,192
                                                   RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020        69



                                              Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                          31 December 2020


                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                   Notes       RMB’000          RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                           31      25,868,005        19,466,254
Proceeds from asset-backed securities                                32       2,690,573         3,426,599
Senior notes                                                         33       3,549,874         1,706,044
Corporate bonds                                                      34       2,358,100         5,266,794
Lease liabilities                                                    15           7,402            12,231
Deferred tax liabilities                                             19       2,464,316         2,799,068


Total non-current liabilities                                                36,938,270        32,676,990


Net assets                                                                   36,112,406        21,379,202


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                                        35          35,095                 –
Reserves                                                             36      21,527,316        16,830,242


                                                                             21,562,411        16,830,242
Non-controlling interests                                                    14,549,995         4,548,960


Total equity                                                                 36,112,406        21,379,202




                      Mr. Lam Ting Keung                            Mr. Chen Chaorong
                            Director                                     Director
                    RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    70              ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                            Statutory          Asset                                        Non-
                                                        Share        Share      Capital       surplus     revaluation      Retained                   controlling       Total
                                                       capital    premium       reserve      reserves        reserve         profits        Total       interests      equity
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                      Note 35    Note 36(a)   Note 36(b)    Note 36(c)     Note 36(d)


As at 1 January 2019                                        –            –     (144,926)    1,441,003           5,287     13,020,810    14,322,174     3,210,016    17,532,190
Profit for the year                                         –            –            –             –               –      2,508,068     2,508,068       181,920     2,689,988
Other comprehensive income for the year                     –            –            –             –               –              –             –             –             –


Total comprehensive income for the year                     –            –            –             –                 –    2,508,068     2,508,068      181,920      2,689,988
Appropriations to statutory surplus reserves                –            –            –       303,178                 –     (303,178)            –            –              –
Capital contribution from non-controlling
   shareholders of subsidiaries                             –            –            –              –                –            –             –     1,157,024     1,157,024


As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                   –            –     (144,926)*   1,744,181*          5,287*    15,225,700*   16,830,242     4,548,960    21,379,202
Profit for the year                                         –            –            –             –               –      3,127,526     3,127,526       691,547     3,819,073
Other comprehensive income for the year                     –            –            –             –               –              –             –             –             –


Total comprehensive income for the year                     –            –            –             –                 –    3,127,526     3,127,526      691,547      3,819,073
Appropriations to statutory surplus reserves                –            –            –       344,544                 –     (344,544)            –            –              –
Issuance of new shares                                 35,095    2,297,175            –             –                 –            –     2,332,270            –      2,332,270
Acquisition of additional interest in subsidiaries          –            –      (37,315)            –                 –            –       (37,315)     (91,554)      (128,869)
Capital contribution by the non-controlling
   shareholders of subsidiaries                             –            –       16,788              –                –            –        16,788     9,401,042     9,417,830
Dividends and distributions                                 –            –            –              –                –     (707,100)     (707,100)            –      (707,100)


At 31 December 2020                                    35,095    2,297,175*   (165,453)*    2,088,725*          5,287*    17,301,582*   21,562,411    14,549,995    36,112,406


*        These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB21,527,316,000 (2019: RMB16,830,242,000) in the consolidated statement of
         financial position.
                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020        71



                                            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                           Notes       RMB’000           RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit before tax                                                                     6,536,759         4,568,816
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                     6,13         44,778           54,878
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      6,15(a)        26,702           26,395
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                          6,16          3,260            3,767
  Impairment losses recognised for properties under development             6,20         155,979          183,913
  Impairment losses recognised for completed properties held for sale       6,21         147,203          265,295
  Impairment losses recognised for financial assets                        6,22,24          (572)              83
  Exchange gain                                                                         (258,649)               –
  Fair value losses from financial assets at
      fair value through profit or loss                                                       77               266
  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                          5,40         (21,502)          (97,589)
  Remeasurement gain on investment in an associate held before
      business combination                                                   5           (35,052)               –
  Gain on disposal of an associate                                            5          (51,100)               –
  Share of profits and losses of joint ventures                              17         (992,533)        (510,165)
  Share of profits and losses of associates                                  18          182,519           68,769
  Fair value gains on investment properties                                  14         (437,006)        (480,869)
  Net (gain)/loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                     (167)             140
  Finance costs                                                              7           525,246          494,863
  Finance income                                                                         (95,302)        (100,431)
  Increase in properties under development and
      completed properties held for sale                                             (19,128,872)     (19,575,326)
  Decrease/(increase) in prepayments and other receivables                             1,909,370        (9,214,874)
  Increase in restricted cash                                                         (1,657,830)         (484,500)
  Increase in pledged deposits                                                           (17,534)           (52,040)
  Decrease in trade receivables                                                            1,835             38,817
  Increase in contract cost assets                                                      (289,308)         (151,276)
  Increase in trade and bills payables                                                 4,515,034         2,589,745
  (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from related parties                                (26,415)             6,784
  Increase in other payables and accruals                                              1,844,634         3,179,343
  Increase in contract liabilities                                                    11,921,902       15,676,127
  Increase in due to related parties                                                       8,299                  –


Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                              4,811,755         (3,509,069)


Interest received                                                                         95,302           100,431
Tax paid                                                                              (2,257,143)       (2,288,415)


Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                                    2,649,914         (5,697,053)
             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
  72         ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                                          2020            2019
                                                                             Notes     RMB’000         RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                           13         (28,171)         (45,515)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                 16          (2,624)           (1,565)
Increase in investment properties                                             14          (9,394)           (8,150)
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                   39        (337,129)                –
Disposal of subsidiaries                                                      40         (71,649)         (45,513)
Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     (31,097)       (218,842)
Disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        202,602       1,228,557
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                          (2,965,533)       (517,890)
Dividends received from joint ventures                                                   281,330                 –
Advances to related parties                                                   43      (5,790,402)    (11,477,734)
Receipt of advances to related parties                                        43       6,317,694      10,548,600
Disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                         3,351               788

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                           (2,431,022)       (537,264)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from issue of senior notes                                           33       3,811,809        1,706,044
Proceeds from issue of corporate bonds                                        34       2,355,919        3,959,475
Repayment of proceeds from issue of corporate bonds                           34      (2,264,000)      (4,728,055)
Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiaries             8,974,830          611,499
Interest paid                                                                         (3,790,743)      (2,624,436)
Advances from related parties                                                 43       2,375,210        6,061,726
Repayment of advances from related parties                                    43      (2,691,209)      (4,033,640)
Proceeds from asset-backed securities                                         32                –         631,114
Repayment of proceeds from asset-backed securities                            32      (1,125,593)        (778,274)
(Increase)/decrease in pledged deposits                                       27           (2,257)        623,025
Proceeds from interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                              28,327,547      27,230,410
Repayment of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                              (26,044,008)    (23,111,597)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                  15         (25,901)          (26,483)
Dividends paid                                                                11        (707,100)                –
Acquisition of additional interest in subsidiaries                                      (128,869)                –
Proceeds from issue of new shares                                                      2,332,270                 –

Net cash flows from financing activities                                             11,397,905        5,520,808

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                 11,616,797         (713,509)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                        9,218,547        9,932,056
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                           (103,221)               –

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                             20,732,123        9,218,547

ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash and bank balances                                                        27     26,590,952      13,399,755
Less: Restricted cash                                                         27      5,420,396       3,762,566
      Pledged deposits                                                        27        438,433         418,642

Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of cash flows                   20,732,123        9,218,547
                                                                 RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020                       73



                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    31 December 2020


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

     The Company is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The Company’s shares were listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the” Stock Exchange”) on 29 October 2020. The
     registered office address of the Company is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman
     Islands.

     The Company is an investment holding company. During the year, the Group was involved in property development
     and sales, property leasing and the provision of management consulting services.

     In the opinion of the directors, the holding company and the ultimate holding company of the Company is Radiance
     Group Holdings Limited, which is incorporated in the Cayman Islands.

     Information about subsidiaries
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                                                       Effective
                                                                                                  percentage of
                                                       Place of                      Nominal     the controlling
                                                       incorporation/                 value of   equity interest
                                                       registration and            registered    attributable to
     Name of companies                         Notes   business                  share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                        (’000)


     Directly held:

     Jubilance Properties Limited                      British Virgin Islands       US$0.003           100.00%     Investment holding


     Indirectly held:

     金輝投資（香港）有限公司                                      Hong Kong (“HK”)               HK$990           100.00%     Investment holding
      Kam Fei Investment (Hong Kong) Limited
      (“Kam Fei Investment”)

     金輝資本投資有限公司                                 (1)    British Virgin Islands          US$50            96.00%     Financing
      Radiance Capital Investments Limited
      (“Radiance Capital Investments”)

     金輝北望控股有限公司                                 (1)    HK                              HK$10            96.00%     Investment holding
      Radiance Capital Holdings Co., Limited
      (“Radiance Capital Holdings”)

     金輝集團股份有限公司                                 (1)    People’s Republic        RMB1,800,000            96.00%     Property development
      Radiance Group Co., Ltd.                           of China (“PRC”)
      (“Radiance Group”)                                 Mainland China

     北京融輝置業有限公司                                 (1)    PRC/Mainland China        RMB300,000             96.00%     Property development
      Beijing Ronghui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Beijing Ronghui Real Estate”)
              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     74       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                         Effective
                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                             Place of                  Nominal     the controlling
                                                             incorporation/             value of   equity interest
                                                             registration and        registered    attributable to
      Name of companies                              Notes   business              share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                          (’000)


      Indirectly held: (Continued)

      北京金輝居業投資有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB98,000             96.00%     Investment holding
       Beijing Jinhui Juye Investment Co., Ltd.
       (“Beijing Jinhui Juye Investment”)

      北京金輝酒店管理有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB10,000             96.00%     Property management
       Beijing Jinhui Hotel Management Co., Ltd.
       (“Beijing Ronghui Hotel Management”)

      福州金輝居業房地產有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Fuzhou Jinhui Juye Properties Co., Ltd.
       (“Fuzhou Jinhui Juye Properties”)

      北京融輝茗業投資有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB30,000             96.00%     Investment holding
       Beijing Ronghui Mingye Investment Co., Ltd.
       (“Beijing Ronghui Mingye Investment”)

      北京金輝原山投資發展有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB10,000             96.00%     Property management
       Beijing Jinhui Yuanshan Investment
       Development Co., Ltd.
       (“Beijing Jinhui Yuanshan Investment”)

      北京居業置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB3,309,447            96.00%     Property development
       Beijing Juye Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                                                              and leasing
       (“Beijing Juye Real Estate”)

      北京北建陸港國際物流有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB124,000             96.00%     Property development
       Beijing Beijian Lugang
       International Logistics Co., Ltd.
       (“Beijing Beijian Lugang International”)

      天津融輝投資有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB200,000             96.00%     Property development
       Tianjin Ronghui Investment Co., Ltd.
       (“Tianjin Ronghui Investment”)

      天津金輝房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Tianjin Jinhui Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd. (“Tianjin Jinhui Properties”)

      遼寧金輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
       Liaoning Jinhui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Liaoning Jinhui Real Estate”)
                                                                     RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   75



                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    31 December 2020


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                       Effective
                                                                                                  percentage of
                                                            Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                            incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                            registration and       registered    attributable to
     Name of companies                              Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                        (’000)


     Indirectly held: (Continued)

     瀋陽金輝居業房地產有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
      Shenyang Jinhui Juye Properties Co., Ltd.
      (“Shenyang Jinhui Juye Properties”)

     重慶融輝房地產有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB173,700            96.00%     Property development
      Chongqing Ronghui Properties Co., Ltd.
      (“Chongqing Ronghui Properties”)

     成都融輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
      Chengdu Ronghui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Chengdu Ronghui Real Estate”)

     成都金輝居業置業有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
      Chengdu Jinhui Juye Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Chengdu Jinhui Juye Real Estate”)

     瀋陽融輝居業房地產開發有限公司                                 (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB582,080            96.00%     Property development
      Shenyang Ronghui Juye
      Properties Development Co., Ltd.
      (“Shenyang Ronghui Juye Properties”)

     合肥盛卓房地產開發有限公司                                   (2)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB200,000            22.08%     Property development
      Hefei Shengzhuo Properties Development
      Co., Ltd. (“Hefei Shengzhuo”)

     瀋陽廣興房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB21,000             96.00%     Property development
      Shenyang Guangxing Properties
      Development Co., Ltd.
      (“Shenyang Guangxing Properties”)

     石家莊融輝房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
      Shijiazhuang Ronghui Properties
      Development Co., Ltd.
      (“Shijiazhuang Ronghui Properties”)

     石家莊啟輝房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             64.32%     Property development
      Shijiazhuang Qihui Properties Development
      Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang Qihui Properties”)
              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     76       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                       Effective
                                                                                                  percentage of
                                                            Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                            incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                            registration and       registered    attributable to
      Name of companies                             Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                        (’000)


      Indirectly held: (Continued)

      福州融輝房地產有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB105,000             96.00%     Property development
       Fuzhou Ronghui Properties Co., Ltd.
       (“Fuzhou Ronghui Properties”)

      福州金輝房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB17,150             97.20%     Property development
       Fuzhou Jinhui Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd. (“Fuzhou Jinhui Properties”)

      福州金輝置業有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Fuzhou Jinhui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Fuzhou Jinhui Real Estate”)

      融僑（福州）置業有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China     US$30,000            57.60%     Property development
       Rongqiao (FuZhou) Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Rongqiao (Fuzhou) Real Estate”)

      福州融宇房地產有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
       Fuzhou Rongyu Properties Co., Ltd.
       (“Fuzhou Rongyu Properties”)

      福清金輝房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB150,000             96.00%     Property development
       Fuqing Jinhui Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd. (“Fuqing Jinhui Properties”)

      福清融輝置業有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB80,000             96.00%     Property development
       Fuqing Ronghui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Fuqing Ronghui Real Estate”)

      福清金利方園房地產有限公司                                  (2)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             34.56%     Property development
       Fuqing Jinli Fangyuan Properties Co., Ltd.
       (“Fuqing Jinli Fangyuan Properties”)

      福清金福新茂房地產有限公司                                  (2)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB200,000             37.44%     Property development
       Fuqing Jinfu Xinmao Properties Co., Ltd.
       (“Fuqing Jinfu Xinmao Properties”)

      福清金輝居業房地產有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Fuqing Jinhui Juye Properties Co., Ltd.
       (“Fuqing Jinhui Juye Properties”)
                                                                      RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020                     77



                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                     31 December 2020


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                        Effective
                                                                                                   percentage of
                                                             Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                             incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                             registration and       registered    attributable to
     Name of companies                               Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                         (’000)


     Indirectly held: (Continued)

     福建省平潭居業貿易有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB510,000            96.00%     Trading
      Fujian Pingtan Juye Trading Co., Ltd.
      (“Fujian Pingtan Juye Trading”)

     福建省平潭築嘉居業建築裝飾有限責任公司                              (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB5,000             96.00%     Construction
      Fujian Pingtan Zhujia Juye Construction                                                                         decoration
      Decoration Co., Ltd. (“Fujian Pingtan Zhujia
      Juye Construction”)

     佛山市金輝房地產有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
      Foshan Jinhui Properties Co., Ltd.
      (“Foshan Jinhui Properties”)

     佛山市鵬輝房地產有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
      Foshan Penghui Properties Co., Ltd.
      (“Foshan Penghui Properties”)

     佛山市高明區龍光景駿房地產有限公司                                (3)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             48.00%     Property development
      Foshan Gaoming Longguang Jingjun
      Properties Co., Ltd. (“Foshan Longguang
      Jingjun”)

     重慶金輝長江房地產有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB741,701            96.00%     Property development
      Chongqing Jinhui Changjiang Properties
      Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Jinhui Changjiang”)

     惠州市恆盛泰房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB120,000            96.00%     Property development
      Huizhou Hengshengtai
      Properties Development Co., Ltd.
      (“Huizhou Hengshengtai Properties”)

     仁壽金輝耀城房地產有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
      Renshou Jinhui Yaocheng Properties Co.,
      Ltd. (“Renshou Jinhui Yaocheng Properties”)

     武漢金輝融宇房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB102,041            96.00%     Property development
      Wuhan Jinhui Rongyu
      Properties Development Co., Ltd.
      (“Wuhan Jinhui Rongyu Properties”)
              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     78       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                         Effective
                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                              Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                              incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                              registration and       registered    attributable to
      Name of companies                               Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                          (’000)


      Indirectly held: (Continued)

      武漢金輝置業有限公司                                       (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
       Wuhan Jinhui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Wuhan Jinhui Real Estate”)

      湖南錦達發房地產有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Hunan Jindafa Properties Co., Ltd.
       (“Hunan Jindafa Properties”)

      長沙鴻濤房地產開發有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Changsha Hongtao Properties Development
       Co., Ltd. (“Changsha Hongtao Properties”)

      荊州金輝融宇房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB110,000             96.00%     Property development
       Jingzhou Jinhui Rongyu
       Properties Development Co., Ltd.
       (“Jingzhou Jinhui Rongyu Properties”)

      西安金輝房地產開發有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB746,424             96.00%     Property development
       Xi’an Jinhui Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd. (“Xi’an Jinhui Properties”)

      陝西金輝居業房地產有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
       Shaanxi Jinhui Juye Properties Co., Ltd.
       (“Shaanxi Jinhui Juye Properties”)

      西安金輝居業房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB392,157             96.00%     Property development
       Xi’an Jinhui Juye Properties Development
       Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Jinhui Juye Properties”)

      西安融輝房地產開發有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
       Xi’an Ronghui Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd. (“Xi’an Ronghui Properties”)

      西安興茂房地產開發有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Xi’an Xingmao Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd. (“Xi’an Xingmao Properties”)

      西安金輝興業房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Xi’an Jinhui Xingye Properties Development
       Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Jinhui Xingye Properties”)
                                                                      RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   79



                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                     31 December 2020


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                        Effective
                                                                                                   percentage of
                                                             Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                             incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                             registration and       registered    attributable to
     Name of companies                               Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                         (’000)


     Indirectly held: (Continued)

     西安曲江原山置業有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB100,000            96.00%     Property development
      Xi’an Qujiang Yuanshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Xi’an Qujiang Yuanshan Real Estate”)

     西安曲江合創房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB100,000            96.00%     Property development
      Xi’an Qujiang Hechuang
      Properties Development Co., Ltd.
      (“Xi’an Qujiang Hechuang Properties”)

     西安博朗房地產開發有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
      Xi’an Bolang Properties Development Co.,
      Ltd. (“Xi’an Bolang Properties Development”)

     西安金輝融宇房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
      Xi’an Jinhui Rongyu Properties Development
      Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Jinhui Rongyu Properties”)

     西安輝耀房地產開發有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
      Xi’an Huiyao Properties Development Co.,
      Ltd. (“Xi’an Huiyao Properties”)

     西安輝盛房地產開發有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
      Xi’an Huisheng Properties Development Co.,
      Ltd. (“Xi’an Huisheng Properties”)

     陝西楓泓房地產開發有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
      Shaanxi Fenghong Properties Development
      Co., Ltd. (“Shaanxi Fenghong Properties”)

     惠州市順翔房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
      Huizhou Shunxiang Properties Development
      Co., Ltd. (“Huizhou Shunxiang Properties”)

     西咸新區輝盛融宇房地產開發有限公司                                (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
      Xixian New District Huisheng Rongyu
      Properties Development Co., Ltd. (“Xixian
      New District Huisheng Rongyu Properties”)
              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     80       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                        Effective
                                                                                                   percentage of
                                                             Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                             incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                             registration and       registered    attributable to
      Name of companies                              Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                         (’000)


      Indirectly held: (Continued)

      上海天萃房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
       Shanghai Tiancui Properties Development
       Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Tiancui Properties”)

      蘇州輝耀房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
       Suzhou Huiyao Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd. (“Suzhou Huiyao Properties”)

      蘇州融輝房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
       Suzhou Ronghui Properties Development
       Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou Ronghui Properties”)

      太倉金輝房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
       Taicang Jinhui Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd. (“Taicang Jinhui Properties”)

      蘇州金輝華園置業有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
       Suzhou Jinhui Huayuan Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Jinhui Huayuan”)

      蘇州金輝新園置業有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
       Suzhou Jinhui Xinyuan Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Jinhui Xinyuan”)

      杭州融輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Hangzhou Ronghui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Hangzhou Ronghui Real Estate”)

      杭州京輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Hangzhou Jinghui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Hangzhou Jinghui Real Estate”)

      杭州融輝銘著實業有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
       Hangzhou Ronghui Mingzhu
       Industrial Co., Ltd.
       (“Hangzhou Ronghui Mingzhu Industrial”)

      句容恭華房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
       Jurong Gonghua Properties Development
       Co., Ltd. (“Jurong Gonghua Properties”)
                                                                   RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   81



                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2020


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                     Effective
                                                                                                percentage of
                                                          Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                          incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                          registration and       registered    attributable to
     Name of companies                            Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                      (’000)


     Indirectly held: (Continued)

     揚州金輝置業有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB386,098            96.00%     Property development
      Yangzhou Jinhui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Yangzhou Jinhui Real Estate”)

     揚州融輝置業有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
      Yangzhou Ronghui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Yangzhou Ronghui Real Estate”)

     揚州萬景置業有限公司                                    (2)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB555,000            32.00%     Property development
      Yangzhou Wanjing Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Yangzhou Wanjing Real Estate”)

     淮安金輝置業有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB100,000            96.00%     Property development
      Huaian Jinhui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Huaian Jinhui Real Estate”)

     淮安融輝房地產有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB200,000            97.43%     Property development
      Huai’an Ronghui Properties Co., Ltd.
      (“Huai’an Ronghui Properties”)

     淮安融輝居業房地產有限公司                                 (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB392,749            96.00%     Property development
      Huai’an Ronghui Juye Properties Co., Ltd.
      (“Huai’an Ronghui Juye Properties”)

     淮安金輝房地產有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB100,000            96.00%     Property development
      Huai’an Jinhui Properties Co., Ltd.
      (“Huai’an Jinhui Properties”)

     連雲港融輝置業有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB100,000            96.00%     Property development
      Lianyungang Ronghui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Lianyungang Ronghui Real Estate”)

     鹽城金輝居業房地產開發有限公司                               (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB100,000            96.00%     Property development
      Yancheng Jinhui Juye
      Properties Development Co., Ltd.
      (“Yancheng Jinhui Juye Properties”)

     福建金輝安徽房地產有限公司                                 (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB100,000            96.00%     Property development
      Fujian Jinhui Anhui Properties Co., Ltd.
      (“Fujian Jinhui Anhui Properties”)
              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     82       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                        Effective
                                                                                                   percentage of
                                                             Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                             incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                             registration and       registered    attributable to
      Name of companies                              Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                         (’000)


      Indirectly held: (Continued)

      安徽融輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
       Anhui Ronghui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Anhui Ronghui Real Estate”)

      安徽啟輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
       Anhui Qihui Real Estate. Co., Ltd.
       (“Anhui Qihui Real Estate”)

      安徽皖輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             67.20%     Property development
       Anhui Wanhui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Anhui Wanhui Real Estate”)

      鎮江融輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
       Zhenjiang Ronghui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Zhenjiang Ronghui Real Estate”)

      徐州輝耀房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000             96.00%     Property development
       Xuzhou Huiyao Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd. (“Xuzhou Huiyao Properties”)

      揚州融宇房地產開發有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Yangzhou Rongyu Properties Development
       Co., Ltd. (“Yangzhou Rongyu Properties”)

      蘇州啟輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB300,000             96.00%     Property development
       Suzhou Qihui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Suzhou Qihui Real Estate”)

      鹽城啟輝置業有限公司                                      (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB150,000             96.00%     Property development
       Yancheng Qihui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
       (“Yancheng Qihui Real Estate”)

      惠州市恆興業房地產開發有限公司                                 (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB37,500             96.00%     Property development
       Huizhou Hengxingye Properties Development
       Co., Ltd. (“Huizhou Hengxingye Properties”)
                                                                       RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020                    83



                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                       31 December 2020


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                          Effective
                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                              Place of                  Nominal     the controlling
                                                              incorporation/             value of   equity interest
                                                              registration and        registered    attributable to
     Name of companies                                Notes   business              share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                           (’000)


     Indirectly held: (Continued)

     句容弘源房地產開發有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB466,100             96.00%     Property development
      Jurong Hongyuan Properties Development
      Co., Ltd. (“Jurong Hongyuan Properties”)

     武漢耀星房地產開發有限責任公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB1,000,000            62.40%     Property development
      Wuhan Yaoxing Properties Development Co.,
      Ltd. (“Wuhan Yaoxing Properties”)

     鎮江融宇房地產開發有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
      Zhenjiang Rongyu Properties
      Development Co., Ltd. (“Zhenjiang Rongyu
      Properties Development”)

     重慶金永禾房地產開發有限公司                                    (4)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB200,000             48.96%     Property development
      Chongqing Jinyonghe Real Estate
      Development Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing
      Jinyonghe Real Estate”)

     安徽金輝房地產開發有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
      Anhui Jinhui Real Estate Development Co.,
      Ltd. (“Anhui Jinhui Real Estate”)

     福建鑫聯輝房地產開發有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB10,000             81.60%     Property development
      Fujian Xinlianhui Properties Development Co.,
      Ltd. (“Fujian Xinlianhui Properties”)

     武漢三江匯物流投資有限公司                                     (2)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB500,000             38.40%     Property development
      Wuhan Sanjianghui Logistics
      Investment Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Sanjianghui”)

     紹興啟輝置業有限公司                                        (1)    PRC/Mainland China     RMB50,000             67.20%     Property development
      Shaoxing Qihui Real Estate Co., Ltd.
      (“Shaoxing Qihui Real Estate”)

     西安耀葳置業有限公司                                       (1,5)   PRC/Mainland China    RMB550,000             96.00%     Property development
      Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate Limited
      (“Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate”)

     無錫金輝房地產開發有限公司                                     (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB100,000             96.00%     Property development
      Wuxi Jinhui Properties Development
      Co., Ltd. (“Wuxi Jinhui Properties”)
              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     84       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                       Effective
                                                                                                  percentage of
                                                            Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                            incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                            registration and       registered    attributable to
      Name of companies                             Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                        (’000)


      Indirectly held: (Continued)

      南京輝耀房地產開發有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China   RMB110,000             96.00%     Property development
       Nanjing Huiyao Properties Development
       Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Huiyao Properties”)

      鄭州金輝合創房地產開發有限公司                               (4,6)   PRC/Mainland China   RMB612,245             48.96%     Property development
      Zhengzhou Jinhui Hechuang Properties
        Development Co., Ltd
        (“Zhengzhou Jinhui Hechuang”)

      深圳市京輝投資有限公司                                   (1,6)   PRC/Mainland China   RMB644,000             57.60%     Investment holding
       Shenzhen Jinghui Investment Co., Ltd.
       (“Shenzhen Jinghui Investment”)

      惠州市升捷房地產開發有限公司                                (1,6)   PRC/Mainland China   RMB260,000             57.60%     Property development
       Huizhou Shengjie Properties Development
       Co., Ltd (“Huizhou Shengjie Properties”)

      蘇州金輝置業有限公司                                    (1,6)   PRC/Mainland China    RMB80,000             67.20%     Property development
       Suzhou Jinhui Real Estate Limited
       (“Suzhou Jinhui Real Estate”)

      張家港融輝房地產開發有限公司                                (1,6)   PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             67.20%     Property development
       Zhangjiagang Ronghui
       Properties Development Co., Ltd
       (“Zhangjiagang Ronghui Properties”)

      淮安輝耀房地產有限公司                                    (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Huai’an Huiyao Properties Co., Ltd
       (“Huai’an Huiyao Properties”)

      連雲港金輝房地產開發有限公司                                 (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
       Lianyungang Jinhui Properties Development
       Co., Ltd (“Lianyungang Jinhui Properties”)

      福清金宸房地產開發有限公司                                 (4,6)   PRC/Mainland China   RMB200,000             48.96%     Property development
       Fuqing Jinchen Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd (“Fuqing Jinchen Properties”)

      福清京海房地產開發有限公司                                 (4,6)   PRC/Mainland China   RMB200,000             48.96%     Property development
       Fuqing Jinghai Properties Development Co.,
       Ltd (“Fuqing Jinghai Properties”)
                                                                   RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   85



                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2020


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                     Effective
                                                                                                percentage of
                                                          Place of                 Nominal     the controlling
                                                          incorporation/            value of   equity interest
                                                          registration and       registered    attributable to
     Name of companies                            Notes   business             share capital    the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                      (’000)


     Indirectly held: (Continued)

     重慶渝輝耀城房地產開發有限責任公司                             (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB30,000             96.00%     Property development
      Chongqing Yuhui Yaocheng
      Properties Development Co., Ltd
      (“Chongqing Yuhui Yaocheng”)

     無錫雲輝房地產開發有限公司                                (4,6)   PRC/Mainland China    RMB200,000            48.96%     Property development
      Wuxi Yunhui Properties Development Co.,
      Ltd (“Wuxi Yunhui Properties”)

     福清金海房地產開發有限公司                                (1,6)   PRC/Mainland China    RMB500,000            67.20%     Property development
      Fuqing Jinhai Properties Development Co.,
      Ltd (“Fuqing Jinhai Properties”)

     佛山市禪輝房地產有限公司                                  (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB10,000             96.00%     Property development
      Foshan Chanhui Properties Co., Ltd
      (“Foshan Chanhui Properties”)

     泉州啟輝房地產開發有限公司                                (4,6)   PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             48.96%     Property development
      Quanzhou Qihui Properties Development
      Co., Ltd (“Quanzhou Qihui Properties”)

     重慶啟輝耀城房地產開發有限公司                               (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB30,000             96.00%     Property development
      Chongqing Qihui Yaocheng
      Properties Development Co., Ltd
      (“Chongqing Qihui Yaocheng”)

     揚州京輝房地產開發有限公司                                (1,6)   PRC/Mainland China    US$193,705            64.32%     Property development
      Yangzhou Jinghui Properties Development
      Co., Ltd (“Yangzhou Jinghui Properties”)

     淮安祥輝房地產有限公司                                  (4,6)   PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             48.96%     Property development
      Huai’an Xianghui Properties Co., Ltd
      (“Huai’an Xianghui Properties”)

     淮安信耀房地產有限公司                                   (1)    PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000             96.00%     Property development
      Huai’an Xinyao Properties Co., Ltd
      (“Huai’an Xinyao Properties”)

     The English names of all group companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the management
     of the Company to translate their Chinese names as they do not have an official English name. The legal form of all the
     principal subsidiaries disclosed above are limited liability companies.
               RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
     86        ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

      Notes:

      (1)      These entities are subsidiaries of a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and, accordingly, are accounted for as subsidiaries by virtue of
               the Company’s control over it.

      (2)      Pursuant to the articles of association, the Group has been entitled with enough voting right to control and operate these entities. Thus, these
               entities are accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group by holding less than 50% of equity interests in them, such as the Group has a 51% voting
               right in Hefei Shengzhuo to control and operate it.

      (3)      Foshan Longguang Jingjun is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group by holding 48% of equity interests because the Group has been
               delegated 50% of the equity holder’s right from the other equity holder to control and operate Foshan Longguang Jingjun.

      (4)      Chongqing Jinyonghe Real Estate, Zhengzhou Jinhui Hechuang, Fuqing Jinchen Properties, Fuqing Jinghai Properties, Wuxi Yunhui Properties,
               Huai’an Xianghui Properties and Quanzhou Qihui Properties are accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group by holding 48.96% of equity interests
               in them because the non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, holds its 51% equity interest to control and operate it.

      (5)      During the year, one subsidiary of the Group, Xi’an Jinhui Properties has further acquired a 49% equity interest in Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate from
               a third party, and had a 100% equity interests in Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate upon completion of the acquisition. Further details of the acquisition
               are included in note 39 to the financial statements.

      (6)      During the year, the Group has partially disposed of its equity interests in these entities without losing control.

      (7)      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed
               a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars
               of excessive length.




2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
      (“IFRSs”) (which include all standards and interpretations, International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and Standing
      Interpretations Committee interpretations) approved by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and
      the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical
      cost convention, except for investment properties and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss which have
      been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded
      to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

      Basis of consolidation
      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
      referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2020. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
      entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has
      rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its
      power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the
      investee).
                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   87



                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2020


2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

   Basis of consolidation (Continued)
   When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the
   Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

   (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

   (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

   (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

   The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
   consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains
   control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

   Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the
   Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
   All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
   members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
   changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a
   subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

   If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the
   subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation differences
   recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment
   retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
   recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the
   same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
  88       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

     The Group has early adopted the amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform ,
     amendments to IFRS 3 Definition of a Business and amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 Definition of Material for the
     comparative year’s financial statements.

     The Group has adopted the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 and the following revised IFRS for
     the first time for the current year’s financial statements.

     Amendment to IFRS 16                                  Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (early adopted)



     The nature and the impact of the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 and the revised IFRS are
     described below:

     (a)   Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) sets out a comprehensive
           set of concepts for financial reporting and standard setting, and provides guidance for preparers of financial
           statements in developing consistent accounting policies and assistance to all parties to understand and
           interpret the standards. The Conceptual Framework includes new chapters on measurement and reporting
           financial performance, new guidance on the derecognition of assets and liabilities, and updated definitions and
           recognition criteria for assets and liabilities. It also clarifies the roles of stewardship, prudence and measurement
           uncertainty in financial reporting. The Conceptual Framework is not a standard, and none of the concepts
           contained therein override the concepts or requirements in any standard. The Conceptual Framework did not
           have any significant impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.

     (b)   Amendment to IFRS 16 provides a practical expedient for lessees to elect not to apply lease modification
           accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic. The practical
           expedient applies only to rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic and
           only if (i) the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the
           same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change; (ii) any reduction in
           lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021; and (iii) there is no substantive
           change to other terms and conditions of the lease. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on
           or after 1 June 2020 with earlier application permitted and shall be applied retrospectively.

     During the year ended 31 December 2020, certain monthly lease payments for the leases of the Group’s office
     buildings have been reduced or waived by the lessors as a result of the pandemic and there are no other changes to
     the terms of the leases. The Group has early adopted the amendment on 1 January 2020 and elected not to apply
     lease modification accounting for all rent concessions granted by the lessors as a result of the covid-19 pandemic
     during the year ended 31 December 2020. The reduction in the lease payments arising from the rent concessions
     accounted for as a variable lease payment by derecognising part of the lease liabilities and crediting to profit or loss for
     the period ended 31 December 2020 was insignificant.
                                                                 RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020                           89



                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                         31 December 2020


2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRSs

   The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in
   these financial statements.

   Amendments to IFRS 3                                        Reference to the Conceptual Framework 2
   Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39,                               Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 1
     IFRS 7, IFRS4 and IFRS 16
   Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                            Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                  its Associate or Joint Venture 4
   IFRS 17                                                     Insurance Contracts 3
   Amendments to IFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts 3,5
   Amendments to IAS 1                                         Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 3
   Amendments to IAS 1                                         Disclosure of Accounting Policies 3
   Amendments to IAS 8                                         Definition of Accounting Estimates 3
   Amendments to IAS 16                                        Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use 2
   Amendments to IAS 37                                        Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 2
   Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards                       Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, Illustrative Examples
     2018-2020                                                     accompanying IFRS 16, and IAS 412

   1
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
   2
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
   3
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
   4
         No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
   5
         As a consequence of the amendments to IFRS 17 issued in June 2020, IFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption that permits
         insurers to apply IAS 39 rather than IFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023


   Further information about those IFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

   Amendments to IFRS 3 are intended to replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation and Presentation
   of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in March 2018 without
   significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add to IFRS 3 an exception to its recognition principle for an
   entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies
   that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 if they were incurred
   separately rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity applying IFRS 3 should refer to IAS 37 or IFRIC 21
   respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets do not
   qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group expects to adopt the amendments prospectively from 1 January
   2022. Since the amendments apply prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the
   date of first application, the Group will not be affected by these amendments on the date of transition.

   Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 address issues not dealt with in the previous
   amendments which affect financial reporting when an existing interest rate benchmark is replaced with an alternative
   risk-free rate (“RFR”). The Phase 2 amendments provide a practical expedient to allow the effective interest rate to
   be updated without adjusting the carrying amount when accounting for changes in the basis for determining the
   contractual cash flows of financial assets and liabilities, if the change is a direct consequence of the interest rate
   benchmark reform and the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the
   previous basis immediately preceding the change. In addition, the amendments permit changes required by the interest
   rate benchmark reform to be made to hedge designations and hedge documentation without the hedging relationship
   being discontinued. Any gains or losses that could arise on transition are dealt with through the normal requirements
   of IFRS 9 to measure and recognise hedge ineffectiveness. The amendments also provide a temporary relief to entities
   from having to meet the separately identifiable requirement when an RFR is designated as a risk component.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
  90       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRSs (Continued)

     The relief allows an entity, upon designation of the hedge, to assume that the separately identifiable requirement is
     met, provided the entity reasonably expects the RFR risk component to become separately identifiable within the
     next 24 months. Furthermore, the amendments require an entity to disclose additional information to enable users of
     financial statements to understand the effect of interest rate benchmark reform on an entity’s financial instruments and
     risk management strategy. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021 and
     shall be applied retrospectively, but entities are not required to restate the comparative information.

     The Group had certain interest-bearing bank and other borrowings denominated in RMB and foreign currencies based
     on the exchange rates quoted by the People’s Bank of China as at 31 December 2020. If the interest rates of these
     borrowings are replaced by RFRs in a future period, the Group will apply this practical expedient upon the modification
     of these borrowings when the “economically equivalent” criterion is met and expects that no significant modification
     gain or loss will arise as a result of applying the amendments to these changes.

     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and in IAS 28 in
     dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The amendments
     require a full recognition of a gain or loss when the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate
     or joint venture constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain
     or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated
     investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The previous
     mandatory effective date of amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 was removed by the IASB in December 2015 and a
     new mandatory effective date will be determined after the completion of a broader review of accounting for associates
     and joint ventures. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.

     Amendments to IAS 1 clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments
     specify that if an entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability is subject to the entity complying with specified
     conditions, the entity has a right to defer settlement of the liability at the end of the reporting period if it complies with
     those conditions at that date. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its
     right to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are considered a settlement of
     a liability. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied
     retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on
     the Group’s financial statements.

     Amendments to IAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment
     any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it
     to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognises the proceeds
     from selling any such items, and the cost of those items, in profit or loss. The amendments are effective for annual
     periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and shall be applied retrospectively only to items of property, plant and
     equipment made available for use on or after the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements
     in which the entity first applies the amendments. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to
     have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
                                                             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020                     91



                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2020


2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRSs (Continued)

   Amendments to IAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under IAS 37, the cost
   of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate directly to a contract
   include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct labour and materials) and an allocation of other
   costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g., an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property,
   plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General
   and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to
   the counterparty under the contract. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
   2022 and shall be applied to contracts for which an entity has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at the beginning of the
   annual reporting period in which it first applies the amendments. Earlier application is permitted. Any cumulative effect
   of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening equity at the date of initial
   application without restating the comparative information. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
   impact on the Group’s financial statements.



   Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 sets out amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, Illustrative Examples
   accompanying IFRS 16, and IAS 41. Details of the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are
   as follows:

   •     IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of a
         new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial liability. These
         fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received
         by either the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf. An entity applies the amendment to financial liabilities
         that are modified or exchanged on or after the beginning of the annual reporting period in which the entity first
         applies the amendment. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
         Earlier application is permitted. The amendment is not expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s
         financial statements.

   •     IFRS 16 Leases: removes the illustration of payments from the lessor relating to leasehold improvements in
         Illustrative Example 13 accompanying IFRS 16. This removes potential confusion regarding the treatment of
         lease incentives when applying IFRS 16.



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

   Investments in associates and joint ventures
   An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity
   voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
   participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those
   policies.

   A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights
   to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement,
   which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing
   control.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
  92       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
     The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position
     at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. Adjustments
     are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist. The Group’s share of the post-acquisition
     results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures are included in the consolidated statement
     of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in
     the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the
     consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the
     Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or
     joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill
     arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates
     or joint ventures.

     If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
     remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other cases,
     upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and
     recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate
     or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and
     proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

     When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance
     with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations .

     Business combinations and goodwill
     Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at
     the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group,
     liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in
     exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-
     controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
     share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable
     net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are
     expensed as incurred.

     The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an input
     and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

     When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
     classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
     conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the
     acquiree.

     If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition
     date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                    93



                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)
   Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
   Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value
   recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent
   settlement is accounted for within equity.

   Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount
   recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests in the
   acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other
   items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit
   or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

   After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested for
   impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
   be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of
   impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the
   Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
   the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups
   of units.

   Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating
   units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
   generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised
   for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

   Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the
   operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the
   carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these
   circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-
   generating unit retained.

   Fair value measurement
   The Group measures its investment properties, derivative financial instruments and equity investments at fair value at
   the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
   liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is
   based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
   market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset
   or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset
   or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
   assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

   A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
   economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
   would use the asset in its highest and best use.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
  94       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Fair value measurement (Continued)
     The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
     are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
     unobservable inputs.

     All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
     within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
     measurement as a whole:

     Level 1       –   based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
     Level 2       –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                         measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
     Level 3       –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                         measurement is unobservable

     For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
     whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest
     level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

     Impairment of non-financial assets
     Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
     inventories, financial assets, investment properties and non-current assets/a disposal group classified as held for sale),
     the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-
     generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless
     the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets,
     in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

     An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing
     value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
     reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss
     is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of
     the impaired asset.

     An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
     recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable
     amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there
     has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
     higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no
     impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit
     or loss in the period in which it arises, unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the
     impairment loss is accounted for in accordance with the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.
                                                                RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020                      95



                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Related parties
   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

   (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

         (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

         (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

         (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

   or

   (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

         (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

         (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary
                  of the other entity);

         (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

         (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

         (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                  related to the Group;

         (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

         (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                  personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

         (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to
                  the Group or to the parent of the Group.

   Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
   Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
   and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and
   any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

   Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs
   and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the
   recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of
   the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced
   at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
   accordingly.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
  96       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (Continued)
     Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment
     to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal estimated useful lives and the annual depreciation rates
     are as follows:

     Buildings                                                                                                   2.25-4.75%
     Motor vehicles                                                                                            11.25-31.67%
     Office equipment and electronic devices                                                                   18.00-32.33%
     Leasehold improvements                                             Over the shorter of the lease terms and benefit period

     Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated
     on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the
     depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

     An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
     disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or
     retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales
     proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

     Construction in progress represents a building under construction, which is stated at cost less any impairment losses,
     and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction and capitalised borrowing costs on related
     borrowed funds during the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category
     of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.

     Investment properties
     Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including the leasehold property held as a right-of-use asset
     which would otherwise meet the definition of an investment property) held to earn rental income and/or for capital
     appreciation, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes; or
     for sale in the ordinary course of business. Such properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs.
     Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the
     end of the reporting period.

     Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in profit or loss in the year
     in which they arise.

     Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the year
     of the retirement or disposal.

     For a transfer from investment properties to owner-occupied properties or inventories, the deemed cost of a property
     for subsequent accounting is its fair value at the date of change in use. If a property occupied by the Group as an
     owner-occupied property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such property in accordance
     with the policy stated under “Property, plant and equipment and depreciation” for owned property and/or accounts
     for such property in accordance with the policy stated under “Right-of-use assets” for property held as a right-of-
     use asset up to the date of change in use, and any difference at that date between the carrying amount and the fair
     value of the property is accounted for as a revaluation in accordance with the policy stated under “Property, plant and
     equipment and depreciation” above. For a transfer from inventories to investment properties, any difference between
     the fair value of the property at that date and its previous carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss.
                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   97



                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Investment properties (Continued)
   Transfers to or from investment property
   Transfers to or from investment property shall be made when and only when there is a change in use evidenced by:

   (a)   commencement of owner-occupation, for a transfer from investment property to owner-occupied property;

   (b)   commencement of development with a view to sale, for a transfer from investment property to inventories;

   (c)   end of owner-occupation, for a transfer from owner-occupied property to investment property; or

   (d)   commencement of an operating lease to another party, for a transfer from inventories to investment property.

   Properties under development
   Properties under development are intended to be held for sale after completion.

   Properties under development are stated at the lower of cost comprising land costs, construction costs, borrowing
   costs, professional fees and other costs directly attributable to such properties incurred during the development
   period and net realisable value.

   Properties under development are classified as current assets unless those will not be realised in the normal operating
   cycle. On completion, the properties are transferred to completed properties held for sale.

   Completed properties held for sale
   Completed properties held for sale are stated in the statement of financial position at the lower of cost and net
   realisable value. Cost comprises development costs attributable to the unsold properties. Net realisable value is
   determined by reference to the sale proceeds of properties sold in the ordinary course of business, less applicable
   variable selling expenses, or by management estimates based on prevailing marketing conditions.

   Allocation of property development cost
   Land costs are allocated to each unit according to their respective saleable gross floor area (“GFA”) to the total
   saleable GFA. Construction costs relating to units were identified and allocated specifically. Common construction
   costs have been allocated according to the saleable GFA similar to land costs.

   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
   Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
   acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are
   assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful
   economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
   The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at
   least at each financial year end.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
  98       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)
     Software is stated at cost less any impairment loss and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its estimated
     useful life of 2 to 10 years. The Group usually classifies the internet software with higher turnover rate and lower cost
     like application based on WeChat to a shorter useful life as 2 years and the system software with high compatibility
     and stable service output which satisfies the operation well and has no need for frequent technological updates and
     maintenance, like ERP system to a longer useful life as 10 years.

     Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured at the difference between the net
     disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss in the period when the
     asset is derecognised.

     Leases
     The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
     lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
     consideration.

     Group as a lessee
     The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
     leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
     representing the right to use the underlying assets.

     (a)   Right-of-use assets
           Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
           asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and
           any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
           includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or
           before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a
           straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

           Land use rights                                                                                    40 to 50 years
           Office buildings                                                                                     3 to 5 years

           If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
           exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

           When the right-of-use assets relate to interests in leasehold land held as inventories, they are subsequently
           measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value in accordance with the Group’s policy for “properties
           under development” or “completed properties held for sale”. When a right-of-use asset meets the definition
           of investment property, it is included in investment properties. The corresponding right-of-use asset is initially
           measured at cost, and subsequently measured at fair value, in accordance with the Group’s policy for
           “investment properties”.
                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  99



                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Leases (Continued)
   Group as a lessee (Continued)
   (b) Lease liabilities
         Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments
         to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed
         payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and
         amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise
         price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for
         termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The
         variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in
         which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

         In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
         lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the
         commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced
         for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
         modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments
         resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying
         asset.

   (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
         The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and
         equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and
         do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to
         leases of office equipment and electronic devices that are considered to be of low value.

         When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise
         the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are
         recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

   Group as a lessor
   When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its
   leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

   Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset
   are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates
   the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income
   is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in profit or loss due to its
   operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying
   amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents
   are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

   Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee
   are accounted for as finance leases.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 100       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Leases (Continued)
     Group as a lessor (Continued)
     At the commencement date, the cost of the leased asset is capitalised at the present value of the lease payments
     and related payments (including the initial direct costs) and presented as a receivable at an amount equal to the net
     investment in the lease. The finance income of such leases is recognised in profit or loss so as to provide a constant
     periodic rate of charge over the lease terms.

     Investments and other financial assets
     Initial recognition and measurement
     Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
     other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

     The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
     characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that
     do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not
     adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value,
     plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that
     do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are
     measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue
     recognition” below.

     In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
     comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”)
     on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at
     fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

     The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
     generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
     flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within
     a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial
     assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model
     with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held
     within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

     All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the
     Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
     assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the
     marketplace.

     Subsequent measurement
     The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

     Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
     Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to
     impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.
                                                             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020                    101



                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net
   changes in fair value recognised inprofit or loss.

   This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected
   to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial
   assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as other income in profit or loss when the right of
   payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
   Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

   Derecognition of financial assets
   A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
   primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

   •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

   •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the
         received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either
         (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
         transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the
         asset.

   When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
   arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When
   it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
   asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement.
   In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are
   measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

   Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
   original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
   repay.

   Impairment of financial assets
   The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
   through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with
   the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original
   effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
   enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 102       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
     General approach
     ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit
     risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within
     the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in
     credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the
     exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

     At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly
     since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the
     financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
     date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or
     effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

     In certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information
     indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account
     any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of
     recovering the contractual cash flows.

     Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
     the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as
     detailed below.

     Stage 1       –   Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and
                       for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

     Stage 2       –   Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that
                       are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
                       equal to lifetime ECLs

     Stage 3       –   Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated
                       credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

     Simplified approach
     For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical
     expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach
     in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead
     recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has evaluated the expected
     loss rate that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
     debtors and the economic environment.

     For trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and lease receivables, the Group chooses as its
     accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.
                                                                RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020                        103



                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                      31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Financial liabilities
   Initial recognition and measurement
   Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
   borrowings, payables or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

   All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of
   directly attributable transaction costs.

   The Group’s financial liabilities include interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, corporate bonds proceeds from
   asset-backed securities and senior notes (collectively called “loans and borrowings”), lease liabilities, trade and bills
   payables, other payables, and amounts due to related parties.

   Subsequent measurement
   The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

   Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
   After initial recognition, loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
   interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains
   and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest
   rate amortisation process.

   Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an
   integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

   Financial guarantee contracts
   Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made to
   reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in
   accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially as a liability at
   its fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequent
   to initial recognition, the Group measures the financial guarantee contracts at the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance
   determined in accordance with the policy as set out in “Impairment of financial assets”; and (ii) the amount initially
   recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised.

   Derecognition of financial liabilities
   A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

   When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an
   existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability
   and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

   Offsetting of financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if
   there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net
   basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 104       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Cash and cash equivalents
     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
     demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash,
     are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when
     acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
     hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

     Provisions
     A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it
     is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate
     can be made of the amount of the obligation.

     When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of
     the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the
     discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

     Income tax
     Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
     recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

     Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
     authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting
     period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

     Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period
     between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

     •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction
           that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
           taxable profit or loss; and

     •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and
           associates, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that
           the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                                                             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020                    105



                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Income tax (Continued)
   Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits
   and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit
   will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and
   unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

   •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of
         an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
         neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

   •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures
         and associates, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
         differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary
         differences can be utilised.

   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent
   that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
   be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised
   to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
   deferred tax asset to be recovered.

   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the
   asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
   enacted by the end of the reporting period.

   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to
   set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to
   income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which
   intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities
   simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to
   be settled or recovered.

   Government grants
   Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
   received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised
   as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are
   expensed.

   Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to profit
   or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments or deducted from the carrying
   amount of the asset and released to profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 106       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Revenue recognition
     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
     customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
     those goods or services.

     When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
     which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable
     consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue
     reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the
     variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

     When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
     the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of the
     amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between
     the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides the
     Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest
     expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the
     payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not
     adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in IFRS 15.

     a.   Sale of properties
           Revenues are recognised when or as the control of the asset is transferred to the customer.

           In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the effect of a
           financing component if it is significant.

           For a property development and sales contract for which the control of the property is transferred at a point in
           time, revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the physical possession, or the legal title of the completed
           property and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the consideration is probable.

     b.   Management consulting services
           Consulting services income derived from the provision of support services in connection with development
           of property projects is recognised when the relevant services are rendered, and the customer simultaneously
           receives and consumes the benefits provided by the entity’s performance as the entity performs.

     Revenue from other sources
     Rental income
     Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not
     depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

     Interest income
     Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
     discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument of the net carrying
     amount of the financial asset.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   107



                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Revenue recognition (Continued)
   Revenue from other sources (Continued)
   Dividend income
   Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is probable
   that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
   measured reliably.

   Contract liabilities
   A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a
   customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when
   the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).

   Contract cost assets
   Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, costs
   incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

   (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

   (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy)
         performance obligations in the future.

   (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.

   The capitalised contract cost assets are amortised and charged to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
   consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset related. Other contract costs
   are expensed as incurred.

   Employee retirement benefits
   Pension scheme
   The employees of the Company and its subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in a
   central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to contribute
   a certain proportion of these payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The only obligation of the Company with
   respect to the central pension scheme is to make the required contributions. No forfeited contribution under the
   central pension scheme is available to reduce the contribution payable in future years. The contributions are charged
   to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

   The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the Mandatory Provident Fund
   Scheme Ordinance (“MPF Scheme”) for all employees in Hong Kong, which is a defined contribution retirement
   scheme. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory contribution requirement of 5% of
   eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income. No forfeited contribution under the MPF Scheme is available to reduce
   the contribution payable in future years. The assets of this pension scheme are held separately from those of the
   Group in independently administered funds.

   Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets that
   necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the
   cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for
   their intended use or sale.

   Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying
   assets is deducted from the borrowing costs capitalised.

   All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 108       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Borrowing costs (Continued)
     Borrowing costs include interest expense, ﬁnance charges and exchange differences arising from foreign currency
     borrowings to the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs. The exchange gains and losses that
     are adjustments to interest costs include the interest rate differences between borrowing costs that would be incurred
     if the entity had borrowed funds in its functional currency, and the borrowing costs actually incurred on foreign currency
     borrowings. Such amounts are estimated based on forward currency rates at the inception of the borrowings.

     When the construction of the qualifying assets takes more than one accounting period, the amount of foreign
     exchange differences eligible for capitalisation is determined for each annual period and is limited to the difference
     between the hypothetical interest amount for the functional currency borrowings and the actual interest incurred for
     foreign currency borrowings. Foreign exchange differences that did not meet the criteria for capitalisation in previous
     years should not be capitalised in subsequent years.

     Dividends
     Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
     Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

     Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles
     of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are
     recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

     Foreign currencies
     Items included in the financial information of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
     primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial
     statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional currency because the Group’s principal
     operations are carried out in the PRC. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially
     recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

     Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of
     exchange ruling at the end of each reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items
     are recognised in profit or loss.

     Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
     exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency
     are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on
     translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on
     change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other
     comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

     In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the derecognition
     of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction
     is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the
     advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction
     date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.
                                                             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  109



                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2020


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying
     disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could
     result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected
     in the future.

     Judgements
     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart
     from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
     statements:

     Operating lease commitments – Group as lessor
     The Group has entered into commercial property leases on its investment property portfolio. The Group has
     determined, based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the arrangements, such as the lease term not
     constituting a major part of the economic life of the commercial property and the present value of the minimum lease
     payments not amounting to substantially all of the fair value of the commercial property, that it retains substantially all
     the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of this property and accounts for the contracts as operating leases.

     Classification between investment properties and owner-occupied properties
     The Group determines whether a property qualifies as an investment property and has developed criteria in making
     that judgement. Investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Therefore,
     the Group considers whether a property generates cash flows largely independently of the other assets held by
     the Group. Some properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another
     portion that is held for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If these
     portions could be sold separately or leased out separately under a finance lease, the Group accounts for the portions
     separately. If the portions could not be sold separately, the property is an investment property only if an insignificant
     portion is held for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. Judgement is
     made on an individual property basis to determine whether ancillary services are so significant that a property does
     not qualify as an investment property.

     Classification of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
     The classification of an investment as a subsidiary, a joint venture or an associate is based on whether the Group
     is determined to have control, joint control or significant influence over the investee, which involves judgements
     through the analysis of various factors, including the Group’s representation on the chief decision-making authorities
     of an investee, such as the board of directors’ meetings and shareholders’ meetings, as well as other facts and
     circumstances.

     Subsidiaries are consolidated, which means each of their assets, liabilities and transactions are included line-by-line
     in the Group’s consolidated financial statements, whereas the interests in joint ventures and associates are equity
     accounted for as investments in the consolidated statement of financial position.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 110       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Judgements (Continued)
     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits
     and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
     temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised. Significant
     management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based
     upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. Further details are
     included in note 19 to the financial statements.

     Significant financing component
     In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the effects of
     the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed by the parties to the contract provides the Group with a
     significant benefit of financing.

     Certain advance payments received from customers provide a significant financing benefit to the Group. Although the
     Group is required by the government to place all deposits and periodic payments received from the pre-completion
     sales in a stakeholder account, the Group is able to benefit from those advance payments as it can withdraw money
     from that account to pay for expended construction costs on the project. The advance payments received in effect
     reduce the Group’s need to rely on other sources of financing.

     The amount of the financing component is estimated at the inception of the contract. After contract inception, the
     discount rate is not updated for changes in interest rates or other circumstances, such as a change in credit risk.
     The period of financing is from the time that the payment is received until the transfer of goods to the customers is
     completed.

     Estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
     period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
     within the next financial year, are described below.

     Provision for properties under development and completed properties held for sale
     The Group’s properties under development and completed properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and
     net realisable value. Based on the Group’s historical experience and the nature of the subject properties, the Group
     makes estimates of the selling prices, the costs of completion of properties under development, and the costs to be
     incurred in selling the properties based on prevailing market conditions.

     If there is an increase in costs to completion or a decrease in net sales value, the net realisable value will decrease and
     this may result in a provision for properties under development and completed properties held for sale. Such provision
     requires the use of judgement and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, the carrying
     value and provision for properties in the periods in which such estimate is changed will be adjusted accordingly.

     PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)
     The Group is subject to corporate income taxes in the PRC. As a result of the fact that certain matters relating to
     the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureau, objective estimate and judgement based on
     currently enacted tax laws, regulations and other related policies are required in determining the provision for income
     taxes to be made. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts originally recorded, the
     differences will impact on the income tax and tax provisions in the period in which the differences realise.
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 111



                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2020


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     PRC land appreciation tax (“LAT”)
     The Group is subject to LAT in the PRC. The provision for LAT is based on management’s best estimates according to
     the understanding of the requirements set forth in the relevant PRC tax laws and regulations. The actual LAT liabilities
     are subject to the determination by the tax authorities upon the completion of the property development projects.
     The Group has not finalised its LAT calculation and payments with the tax authorities for certain of its property
     development projects. The final outcome could be different from the amounts that were initially recorded, and any
     differences will impact on the LAT expenses and the related provision in the period in which the differences realise.

     Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
     The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of each
     year. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may
     not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its
     recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.

     The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in
     an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the
     asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows
     from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of
     those cash flows.

     Estimate of fair value of investment properties
     Investment properties carried at fair value were revalued at each reporting date based on the appraised market
     value provided by independent professional valuers. Such valuations were based on certain assumptions, which are
     subject to uncertainty and might materially differ from the actual results. In making the estimation, the Group considers
     information from current prices in an active market for similar properties and uses assumptions that are mainly based
     on market conditions existing at the end of each year.

     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
     available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the
     amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits
     together with future tax planning strategies.



4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     Management monitors the operating results of the Group’s business which includes property development, property
     leasing, and the provision of management consulting services. Property leasing and the provision of management
     consulting services are not significant in revenue contribution. Thus, property development is the only reportable
     operating segment of the Group, and no further operating segment analysis thereof is presented.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 112       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Geographical information
     No geographical information is presented as the Group’s revenue from the external customers is derived solely from
     its operation in Mainland China and no non-current assets of the Group are located outside Mainland China.

     Information about major customers
     No revenue from sales to a single customer or a group of customers under common control accounted for 10% or
     more of the Group’s revenue at the end of the reporting period.



5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

     An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


     Revenue from contracts with customers                                                34,538,561       25,610,326

     Revenue from other sources
       Property lease income                                                                 336,613          352,782


                                                                                          34,875,174       25,963,108


     Revenue from contracts with customers
     (a)   Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


           Types of goods or services:
           Sale of properties                                                             34,380,524       25,037,479
           Property management services                                                            –          517,219
           Management consulting services                                                    158,037           55,628


           Total revenue from contracts with customers                                    34,538,561       25,610,326


           Timing of revenue recognition:
           Properties transferred at a point in time                                      34,380,524       25,037,479
           Services transferred over time                                                    158,037          572,847


           Total revenue from contracts with customers                                    34,538,561       25,610,326
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  113



                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2020


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (a)   Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
           The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were included
           in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from performance obligations
           satisfied in previous periods:

                                                                                                    2020                2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


           Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
             at the beginning of the reporting period:
           Sale of properties                                                                   26,381,422        20,091,303


     (b)   Performance obligations
           Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

           Sale of properties
           The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the properties and the Group has already received the
           payment or has the right to receive the payment probably.

           Management consulting services
           For management consulting services, the Group recognises revenue in the amount that equals to the right to
           invoice which corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the Group’s performance to date. The
           Group has elected the practical expedient not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for these types
           of contracts. The majority of the management consulting service contracts do not have a fixed term. The term of
           the contracts for pre-delivery and consulting services is generally set to expire when the counterparties notify the
           Group that the services are no longer required.

           The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
           unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

           Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:

                                                                                                    2020                2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


           Within one year                                                                      42,795,431        33,250,619
           After one year                                                                       35,366,277        33,207,634


                                                                                                78,161,708        66,458,253
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 114       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (b)   Performance obligations (Continued)
           An analysis of other income and gains is as follows:

                                                                           2020       2019
                                                                        RMB’000    RMB’000


           Other income and gains
           Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                     21,502    97,589
           Gain on disposal of an associate                               51,100         –
           Remeasurement gain on investment in an associate
              held before business combination                            35,052         –
           Subsidy income                                                  1,587     8,419
           Deposit forfeiture                                             10,573    14,247
           Investment income from financial assets at
              fair value through profit or loss                           16,907    63,330
           Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment        167        16
           Exchange gain                                                 293,569         –
           Others                                                          5,949     4,040


                                                                         436,406   187,641
                                                                RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020              115



                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2020


6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


     Cost of inventories sold (excluding impairment losses
       recognised for properties under development and
       properties held for sale)                                                                26,796,159        19,407,407
     Cost of services provided                                                                      62,925           444,273
     Impairment losses recognised for properties under development                                 155,979           183,913
     Impairment losses recognised for properties held for sale                                     147,203           265,295
     Impairment of financial assets                                                                   (572)               83
     Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                                         44,778            54,878
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                               3,260             3,767
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                            26,702            26,395
     Rental expenses                                                                                 3,768             4,653
     Auditors’ remuneration                                                                          9,225             5,413
     Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
       chief executive’s remuneration):
       Wages and salaries                                                                         419,137            583,756
       Pension scheme contributions and social welfare                                             31,034             97,893


7.   FINANCE COSTS

     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


     Interest on loans and borrowings                                                            3,869,507          3,644,387
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                   2,170              3,018
     Interest expense arising from revenue contracts                                               600,536            553,127


     Total interest expense on financial liabilities not at fair value through profit or loss    4,472,213          4,200,532
     Less: Interest capitalised                                                                 (3,946,967)        (3,705,669)


                                                                                                  525,246            494,863
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 116        ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXEUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

     Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a),
     (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about
     Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2020               2019
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


     Fees                                                                                            376                250


     Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                    4,099             3,516
       Performance related bonus                                                                    5,070                 –
       Pension scheme contributions and social welfare                                                156               246


                                                                                                    9,325             3,762


                                                                                                    9,701             4,012


     (a) Independent non-executive directors
            Mr. Tse Yat Hong, Mr. Chung Chong Sun and Mr. Zhang Huaqiao were appointed as independent non-executive
            directors of the Company on 5 October 2020.

            The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                  2020               2019
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


            Mr. Tse Yat Hong                                                                          63                  –
            Mr. Chung Chong Sun                                                                       63                  –
            Mr. Zhang Huaqiao                                                                        250                250


                                                                                                     376                250


            There was no other emolument payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2019: nil).
                                                       RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020             117



                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2020


8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXEUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

     (b) Executive directors and the chief executive
         Mr. Lam Ting Keung is the chairman and an executive director of the Company. Mr. Lam Yu was appointed as
         an executive director and executive president on 17 October 2019. Mr. Chen Chaorong was appointed as an
         executive director on 17 October 2019. Mr. Huang Junquan was appointed as an executive director and senior
         vice president on 17 October 2019.

                                                                                        Pension
                                                     Salaries,                          scheme
                                                  allowances     Performance-      contributions
                                                 and benefits          related       and social            Total
                                                       in kind          bonus            welfare    remuneration
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


         2020

         Executive directors:
           – Mr. Lam Ting Keung                           361                –                 –              361
           – Mr. Lam Yu                                   361            2,200                 –            2,561
           – Mr. Chen Chaorong                          1,751            1,470                78            3,299
           – Mr. Huang Junquan                          1,626            1.400                78            3,104


                                                        4,099            5,070               156            9,325


         2019

         Executive directors:
           – Mr. Lam Ting Keung                           361                 –                –              361
           – Mr. Lam Yu                                   361                 –                –              361
           – Mr. Chen Chaorong                          1,622                 –              123            1,745
           – Mr. Huang Junquan                          1,172                 –              123            1,295


                                                        3,516                 –              246            3,762


         There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 118       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

     The five highest paid employees during the year included two directors (2019: one director), details of whose
     remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the three (2019: four) highest paid
     employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


     Salaries, allowances, bonus and benefits in kind                                                3,445             9,437
     Performance related bonus                                                                       4,600                 –
     Pension scheme contrbutions and social                                                            204               555


                                                                                                     8,249             9,992


     The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the
     following bands is as follows:

                                                                                                 Number of employees
                                                                                                     2020               2019


     Nil to HK$2,000,000                                                                                 –                  –
     HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                        –                  3
     HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                        –                  1
     HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                        2                  –
     HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                        1                  –


                                                                                                         3                  4


     No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals as an
     inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
                                                                   RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020                            119



                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             31 December 2020


10. INCOME TAX

   The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the tax jurisdictions in which
   members of the Group are domiciled and operate. Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands, the
   Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in the Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands are not subject to any income
   tax. The Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong were not liable for income tax as they did not have any
   assessable profits currently arising in Hong Kong for the year ended 31 December 2020.

   Subsidiaries of the Group operating in Mainland China were subject to PRC corporate income tax with a tax rate of
   25% for the year except for the following subsidiary:

                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                                                                                                      income
   Company name                                                                                                                       tax rate


   Chongqing Jinhui Changjiang*                                                                                                             15%

   *     According to the Announcement on Further Implementation of Corporate Income Tax Policy for the development of the Western Regions
         (2012 No.12) issued by the State Taxation Administration and the extension of the Corporate Income Tax Policy for the development of the
         Western Regions (2020 No.23) jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Taxation Administration and National Development and Reform
         Commission, Chongqing Jinhui Changjiang, a subsidiary of the Group, is qualified to enjoy the preferential tax policy of western regions
         enterprise income tax of 15% from 2011 to 2030.


   LAT is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value, being the proceeds
   from sales of properties less deductible expenditures including land costs, borrowing costs and other property
   development expenditures. The Group has estimated, made and included in taxation a provision for LAT according to
   the requirements set forth in the relevant Mainland China tax laws and regulations. The LAT provision is subject to the
   final review and approval by the local tax bureau.

                                                                                                                  2020                   2019
                                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000


   Current tax:
     CIT                                                                                                       1,528,152             1,375,919
     LAT                                                                                                       1,609,553             1,107,069
   Deferred tax (note 19)                                                                                       (420,019)             (604,160)


   Total tax charge for the year                                                                               2,717,686             1,878,828
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 120       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


10. INCOME TAX (Continued)

     A reconciliation of income tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rate for the jurisdictions in which
     the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the income tax expense at the effective income tax
     rate, and a reconciliation of the applicable rate (i.e., the statutory tax rate) to the effective tax rate are as follows:

                                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


     Profit before tax                                                                            6,536,759          4,568,816


     At the statutory income tax rate                                                             1,634,190          1,142,204
     Lower tax rates for specific provinces or enacted by local authority                          (124,092)            (40,271)
     Expenses not deductible for tax                                                                 28,614              12,863
     Profits and losses attributable to joint ventures and associates                              (202,504)          (110,349)
     Deductible temporary differences and tax losses utilised from previous years                  (108,169)            (88,539)
     Unrecognised deductible temporary differences and tax losses                                   283,532            130,863
     Adjustment of current tax for previous years                                                    (1,050)              1,755
     Provision for LAT                                                                            1,609,553          1,107,069
     Tax effect on LAT                                                                             (402,388)          (276,767)


     Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                     2,717,686          1,878,828


     The share of tax charge attributable to joint ventures and associates amounted to RMB394,199,000 for the year
     (2019: RMB212,078,000). The share of tax credit attributable to joint ventures and associates amounting to
     RMB124,194,000 for the year (2019: RMB64,946,000). Both are included in “Share of profits and losses of joint
     ventures and associates” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

     Tax payable in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


     Tax payables:
     CIT                                                                                          1,176,820            660,586
     LAT                                                                                          2,606,883          2,102,781


     Total tax payable                                                                            3,783,703          2,763,367
                                                            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020              121



                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2020


11. DIVIDENDS

   On 2 July 2020, the Company declared dividends in the amount of US$100.00 million, of which US$50.00 million and
   US$50.00 million had been paid in July and September 2020, respectively.

   Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend for the year 2020 of HK0.32 dollars (equivalent to
   RMB0.27 yuan) per ordinary share (to be distributed out of the Company’s share premium account), amounting to
   a total of approximately RMB1,092,211,290 has been proposed by the Directors and is subject to approval by the
   shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting. The final dividend has been proposed after
   the end of the reporting period and therefore has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period.



12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF
    THE PARENT

   The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary
   equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 3,509,790,134 (2019:
   3,399,999,998) in issue during the year.

   The weighted average number of ordinary shares used to calculate the basic earnings per share amounts for the
   years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 was based on 1 share of the Company as at 17 October 2019, and 1
   share of the Company issued on 6 March 2020, and 3,399,999,998 ordinary shares of the Company issued under the
   capitalisation issue occurred on 29 October 2020, as if these additional shares issued under the capitalisation issue
   had been in issue throughout the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. On 29 October 2020, the Company
   issued 600,000,000 new ordinary shares. On 25 November 2020, the over-allotment option has been partially
   exercised and the Company allotted and issued 45,227,000 additional shares.

   No adjustment has been made to the basic earnings per share amounts presented for the years ended 31 December
   2020 and 2019 in respect of a dilution as the Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the
   years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

   The calculations of the basic and diluted earnings per share amounts are based on:

                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


   Earnings
   Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent                              3,127,526          2,508,068


                                                                                                Number of shares
                                                                                                   2020              2019


   Shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year                   3,509,790,134     3,399,999,998


   Earnings per share
   Basic and diluted                                                                          RMB0.89            RMB0.74
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 122        ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                 Office
                                                                            equipment
                                                               Motor     and electronic       Leasehold
                                               Buildings     vehicles          devices     improvements       Total
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


     31 December 2020

     At 31 December 2019 and
       1 January 2020:
       Cost                                     429,909      147,161            69,802           61,861     708,733
       Accumulated depreciation                (108,223)    (127,919)          (53,454)         (43,840)   (333,436)


     Net carrying amount                        321,686       19,242            16,348           18,021     375,297


     At 1 January 2020, net of
       accumulated depreciation                 321,686       19,242            16,348           18,021     375,297
       Additions                                      –        2,541             9,954           15,676      28,171
       Disposals                                      –       (2,922)             (262)               –      (3,184)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 39)          –            –                20                –          20
       Disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)             –            –               (36)            (958)       (994)
       Depreciation provided during
          the year (note 6)                      (16,804)      (3,841)           (6,826)        (17,307)    (44,778)


     At 31 December 2020, net of
       accumulated depreciation                 304,882       15,020            19,198           15,432     354,532


     At 31 December 2020:
       Cost                                     429,909      143,640            77,478           73,564     724,591
       Accumulated depreciation                (125,027)    (128,620)          (58,280)         (58,132)   (370,059)


     Net carrying amount                        304,882       15,020            19,198           15,432     354,532
                                                    RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020                123



                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2020


13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                           Office
                                                                      equipment
                                                          Motor    and electronic      Leasehold
                                       Buildings        vehicles         devices    improvements            Total
                                       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


   31 December 2019

   At 31 December 2018 and
     1 January 2019:
     Cost                               414,502         147,438           78,239          47,108           687,287
     Accumulated depreciation            (87,956)      (127,089)         (54,277)        (25,253)         (294,575)


   Net carrying amount                  326,546          20,349          23,962          21,855           392,712


   At 1 January 2019, net of
     accumulated depreciation           326,546          20,349          23,962          21,855           392,712
     Additions                           15,407           6,050            7,507         16,551            45,515
     Disposals                                –            (732)            (196)              –              (928)
     Disposal of subsidiaries                 –            (813)          (4,877)         (1,434)           (7,124)
     Depreciation provided during
        the year (note 6)                (20,267)        (5,612)         (10,048)        (18,951)          (54,878)


   At 31 December 2019, net of
     accumulated depreciation           321,686          19,242          16,348          18,021           375,297


   At 31 December 2019:
     Cost                                429,909        147,161           69,802          61,861           708,733
     Accumulated depreciation           (108,223)      (127,919)         (53,454)        (43,840)         (333,436)


   Net carrying amount                  321,686          19,242          16,348          18,021           375,297


   As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s property, plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of
   RMB24,049,000 (2019: RMB28,088,000) have been pledged to secure bank and other borrowings granted to the
   Group (note 31).

   As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s property, plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of
   RMB23,468,000 (2019: RMB24,071,000) have been pledged to secure asset-backed securities granted to the Group
   (note 32).
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 124       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                             Under
                                                                       construction        Completed               Total
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


     Carrying amount at 1 January 2019                                      865,076         8,870,188          9,735,264
     Additions                                                                8,150                 –              8,150
     Transfer from
        properties under development (note 20)                               93,652                 –             93,652
        completed properties held for sale (note 21)                              –           188,265            188,265
     Transferred                                                           (254,118)          254,118                  –
     Net gain from a fair value adjustment                                   60,240           420,629            480,869


     Carrying amount at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                 773,000         9,733,200         10,506,200
     Additions                                                                9,394                 –              9,394
     Transferred                                                           (140,394)          140,394                  –
     Net gain from a fair value adjustment                                   22,100           414,906            437,006


     Carrying amount at 31 December 2020                                    664,100        10,288,500         10,952,600


     The Group’s investment properties are situated in Mainland China. The Group’s investment properties were revalued
     on 31 December 2020 based on valuations performed by Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate Appraisal and Advisory
     Limited (JLL), an independent professionally qualified valuer, at RMB10,952,600,000 (2019: RMB10,506,200,000).
     The Group’s senior finance manager and the Group’s financial controller decide, after approval from the board of
     directors of the Company, to appoint which external valuer to be responsible for the external valuations of the Group’s
     properties. Selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards
     are maintained. The Group’s senior finance manager has discussions with the valuer on the valuation assumptions
     and valuation results when the valuations are performed for financial reporting.

     As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s investment properties with an aggregate carrying amount of approximately
     RMB3,091,386,000 (2019: RMB2,092,171,000) were pledged to secure bank and other borrowings granted to the
     Group (note 31).

     As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s investment properties with an aggregate carrying amount of approximately
     RMB5,064,000,000 (2019: RMB4,811,200,000) were pledged to asset-backed securities granted to the Group (note
     32).
                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 125



                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2020


14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

   Fair value hierarchy
   The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s investment properties:

                                                            Fair value measurement as at
                                                              31 December 2020 using
                                                        Quoted         Significant       Significant
                                                      prices in        observable      unobservable
                                                active markets             inputs            inputs
                                                       (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)               Total
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000               RMB’000


   Recurring fair value measurement for:

   Commercial properties
     under construction                                         –                 –          664,100           664,100
     completed                                                  –                 –       10,288,500        10,288,500


                                                                –                 –       10,952,600        10,952,600


                                                              Fair value measurement as at
                                                                31 December 2019 using
                                                          Quoted         Significant       Significant
                                                        prices in       observable      unobservable
                                                  active markets             inputs            inputs
                                                         (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)             Total
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000


   Recurring fair value measurement for:

   Commercial properties
     under construction                                         –                 –          773,000              773,000
     completed                                                  –                 –        9,733,200            9,733,200


                                                                –                 –       10,506,200        10,506,200


   During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into
   or out of Level 3 (2019: Nil).
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 126        ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

     Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
     Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties:

                                                                                                     Range or weighted average
                                                                                                           31 December
                                       Valuation techniques   Significant unobservable inputs             2020                 2019


     Completed commercial properties   Income approach        Expected rental value                 RMB0.6-14.3        RMB0.6-13.5
                                                                (per square metre and per day)

                                                              Capitalisation rate                       3%-6%               3%-6%

     Commercial properties under       Residual method        Expected rental value                        N/A          RMB1.7-5.6
       construction                                             (per square metre and per day)

                                                              Capitalisation rate                          N/A           3.5%-5.5%

                                                              Expected profit margin                       N/A            10%-20%

                                       Asset based approach   Expected selling price             RMB9,559-9,852    RMB8,306-9,102
                                                                (per square metre)

     The fair value of completed commercial properties is determined using the income approach by taking into account
     the rental income of the properties derived from the existing leases and/or achievable in the existing market with due
     allowance for the reversionary income potential of the leases, which have been then capitalised to determine the fair
     value at an appropriate capitalisation rate. Where appropriate, reference to the comparable sales transactions as
     available in the relevant market has also been considered.

     A significant increase/decrease in the estimated rental value would result in a significant increase/decrease in the fair
     value of the investment properties. A significant increase/decrease in the capitalisation rate would result in a significant
     decrease/increase in the fair value of the investment properties.

     The fair value of commercial properties under construction which are at the initial construction stage is determined
     using the asset-based method. The asset-based method is to use the market comparison method to evaluate the fair
     value of the land use right and consider the book value of the construction and installation costs incurred to obtain the
     fair value of the project under construction.

     A higher expected value would result in a higher fair value of these investment properties under construction at the
     initial construction stage.
                                                         RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020               127



                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2020


15. LEASES

   The Group as a lessee
   The Group has lease contracts for office buildings. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased
   land from the owners with lease periods of 40 to 50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms
   of these land leases. Leases of office buildings generally have lease terms between 3 and 5 years. Office equipment
   generally has lease terms of 12 months or less and/or is individually of low value. Generally, the Group is restricted
   from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

   (a)   Right-of-use assets
         The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                        Land use             Office
                                                                           rights         buildings             Total
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2019                                            105,254             36,637           141,891
         Additions                                                              –            19,427             19,427
         Disposal                                                            (395)                –               (395)
         Disposal of subsidiaries                                            (800)                –               (800)
         Depreciation charge (note 6)                                      (3,680)          (22,715)           (26,395)


         As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                       100,379             33,349           133,728
         Additions                                                             –             14,159            14,159
         Depreciation charge (note 6)                                     (3,170)           (23,532)          (26,702)


         As at 31 December 2020                                            97,209            23,976           121,185


         As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s land use rights with an aggregate carrying amount of approximately
         RMB4,624,000 (2019: RMB4,902,000) were pledged to secure bank and other borrowings granted to the
         Group (note 31).

         As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s land use rights with an aggregate carrying amount of approximately
         RMB20,302,000 (2019: RMB20,854,000) were pledged to asset-backed securities granted to the Group (note
         32).
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 128       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


15. LEASES (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)
     (b)   Lease liabilities
           The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                       2020         2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000


           Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                32,611      36,649
           New leases                                                                                  14,159      19,427
           Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                             2,170       3,018
           Payments                                                                                   (25,901)    (26,483)


           Carrying amount at 31 December                                                              23,039     32,611


           Analysed into:
             Current portion                                                                           15,637     20,380
             Non-current portion                                                                        7,402     12,231


           The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 46 to the financial statements.

     (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                       2020         2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000


           Interest on lease liabilities                                                                2,170      3,018
           Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                  26,702     26,395
           Expense relating to short-term leases (note 6)                                               3,241      4,257
           Expense relating to leases of low-value assets (note 6)                                        527        396


           Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                                   32,640     34,066


     (d)   The total cash outflow for leases are disclosed in notes 37(c) to the financial statements.
                                                         RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 129



                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2020


15. LEASES (Continued)

   The Group as a lessor
   The Group leases its investment properties (note 14) under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases
   generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the then
   prevailing market conditions. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was RMB336,613,000 (2019:
   RMB352,782,000), details of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.

   At 31 December 2020, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under non-
   cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                               2020                2019
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


   Within one year                                                                            373,354            415,328
   After one year but within two years                                                        337,388            279,154
   After two years but within three years                                                     276,198            232,987
   After three years but within four years                                                    319,172            164,437
   After four years but within five years                                                     184,218            119,570
   After five years                                                                           407,146            180,599


                                                                                            1,897,476           1,392,075



16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                               2020                2019
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


   Software
   At 1 January
   Cost                                                                                        34,021              32,456
   Accumulated amortisation                                                                   (15,745)            (11,978)


   Cost at 1 January, net of accumulated amortisation                                          18,276              20,478

   Additions                                                                                     2,624              1,565
   Disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                                                              (31)                 –
   Amortisation provided during the year (note 6)                                               (3,260)            (3,767)


   At 31 December                                                                              17,609              18,276


   Cost                                                                                        36,582              34,021
   Accumulated amortisation                                                                   (18,973)            (15,745)


   Net carrying amount                                                                         17,609              18,276
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 130       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


17. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                    2020                 2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


     Share of net assets                                                                         2,461,115           1,736,684


     The Group’s receivable and payable balances with joint ventures are disclosed in note 43 to the financial statements.

     (a)   Particulars of the Group’s material joint ventures are as follows:

                                                                                                      Statutory
                                                                                      Nominal    percentage of
                                                                                      value of      ownership
                                                                                    registered          interest
                                                            Place and year of            share     attributable Principal
           Name of companies                                registration               capital    to the Group activity
                                                                                    (RMB’000)


           揚州啟輝置業有限公司*                                      Yangzhou, PRC 2017        100,000          18.98% Property
            Yangzhou Qihui Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                                                development
            (“Yangzhou Qihui”)

           連雲港金輝置業公司                                        Lianyungang, PRC 2017      50,000          51.00% Property
            Lianyungang Jinhui Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                                            development
            (“Lianyungang Jinhui”)

           南京乾景房地產開發有限公司                                    Nanjing, PRC 2015         170,000          60.00% Property
            Nanjing Qianjing Properties Development                                                             development
            Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Qianjing Properties”)

           福清金輝置業有限公司                                       Fuqing, PRC 2014           50,000          50.00% Property
            Fuqing Jinhui Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                                                 development
            (“Fuqing Jinhui”)

           佛山市啟輝房地產開發有限公司                                 Foshan, PRC 2017            110,000          51.00% Property
            Foshan Qihui Properties Development Co., Ltd.                                                       development
            (“Foshan Qihui Properties”)

           太倉輝盛房地產開發有限公司                                 Taicang, PRC 2017            300,000          16.00% Property
            Taicang Huisheng Properties Development Co.,                                                        development
            Ltd. (“Taicang Huisheng Properties”)

           重慶金佳禾房地產開發有限公司                                   Chongqing, PRC 2017     1,300,000          49.00% Property
            Chongqing Jinjiahe Properties Development                                                           development
            Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Jinjiahe Properties”)

           重慶金碧雅居房地產開發有限公司                                  Chongqing, PRC 2017       400,000          34.00% Property
            Chongqing Jinbi Yaju Properties Development                                                         development
            Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Jinbi Yaju Properties”)
                                                                      RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                131



                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                   31 December 2020


17. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

   (a)   Particulars of the Group’s material joint ventures are as follows: (Continued)

         Pursuant to the investment framework agreement and the articles of association of these companies, all
         shareholder resolutions of these companies shall be resolved by all shareholders on a unanimous basis.
         Therefore, these companies were accounted for as joint ventures of the Group during the year.

         *     Pursuant to the investment framework agreement and the articles of association of this company, all shareholder resolutions of Yangzhou
               Qihui shall be resolved by all shareholders on a unanimous basis. Therefore, this entity was accounted for as a joint venture of the Group
               by holding an 18.98% equity interest in it during the reporting period. Meanwhile, according to the contract between the Group and
               the other equity interest holders of Yangzhou Qihui (“Contract A”) and the profit sharing arrangement stated in Contract A, the Group
               is entitled to 50% returns from some specified assets, and according to IAS 28, the Group recoginised its share of profit or loss of
               Yangzhou Qihui under the equity method.


   (b)   Chongqing Jinjiahe Properties, Fuqing Jinhui and Yangzhou Qihui, which are considered as material joint
         ventures of the Group, co-develop a property development project with the other joint venture partners in
         Mainland China and the joint venture is accounted for using the equity method.

         The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Chongqing Jinjiahe Properties:

                                                                                                                       2020                    2019
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000


         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    36,859                 343,100
         Other current assets                                                                                      6,280,812               6,987,951

         Current assets                                                                                            6,317,671               7,331,051

         Non-current assets                                                                                             74,702                107,902

         Current liabilities                                                                                       (3,289,276)            (4,595,488)

         Non-current financial liabilities, excluding trade and
           other payables and provisions                                                                             (508,348)               (709,345)

         Net asset                                                                                                 2,594,749               2,134,120


         Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the joint venture:
         Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                                            49%                     49%
         Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture                                                          1,271,427               1,045,719

         Revenue                                                                                                    2,485,235              3,110,268
         Expenses                                                                                                  (1,041,675)            (2,197,686)
         Tax                                                                                                         (408,787)              (170,416)

         Profit for the year                                                                                       1,034,773                  742,166

         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                   1,034,773                  742,166
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 132       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


17. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

     (b)   (Continued)

           The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Fuqing Jinhui and Yangzhou Qihui for the
           year ended 31 December 2020:

                                                                                                                Yangzhou
                                                                                          Fuqing Jinhui             Qihui
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


           Cash and cash equivalents                                                            280,515            63,801
           Other current assets                                                                 548,597           415,761


           Current assets                                                                       829,112           479,562


           Non-current assets                                                                   254,545                 79


           Current liabilities                                                                 (276,957)          (300,963)


           Non-current financial liabilities, excluding trade and
             other payables and provisions                                                     (271,600)                 –


           Net asset                                                                            535,100           178,678


           Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the joint venture:
           Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                     50%               50%
           Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture                                     267,550            89,339


           Revenue                                                                            2,110,401            885,632
           Expenses                                                                          (1,084,062)          (600,234)
           Tax                                                                                 (488,908)          (109,925)


           Profit for the year                                                                  537,431           175,473


           Total comprehensive income for the year                                              537,431           175,473
                                                             RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020                133



                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2020


17. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

   (c)   The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not
         individually material:

                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


         Share of the joint ventures’ profits and losses for the year                           129,042             146,504
         Share of the joint ventures’ total comprehensive income                                129,042             146,504
         Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the joint ventures             832,799             690,965


         The directors of the Company are of the opinion that no provision for impairment is necessary as at 31
         December 2020 as the investments in joint ventures are considered fully recoverable (2019: Nil). The joint
         ventures have been accounted for using the equity method in these financial statements.



18. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


   Share of net assets                                                                        4,911,875           2,341,967


   The Group’s receivable and payable balances with associates are disclosed in note 43 to the financial statements.

   (a)   Particulars of the Group’s material associates are as follows:

                                                                                  Nominal          Statutory
                                                                                  value of    percentage of
                                                                                registered ownership interest
                                                      Place and year of              share      attributable Principal
         Name of companies                            registration                 capital     to the Group activity
                                                                               (RMB’000)


         杭州鑫建輝實業有限公司*1                                Hangzhou, PRC 2017       1,500,000            51.00% Investment
          Hangzhou Xinjianhui Industrial Co., Ltd.                                                            management
          (“Hangzhou Xinjianhui”)

         成都融輝橋宇置業有限公司*2                                Chengdu, PRC 2017         900,000            50.00% Property
          Chengdu Ronghui Qiaoyu Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                                       development
          (“Chengdu Ronghui Qiaoyu”)

         南京弘潤房地產開發有限公司                                Nanjing, PRC 2019          280,000            49.00% Property
          Nanjing Hongrun Properties Development                                                             development
          Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Hongrun Properties”)

         太倉輝耀房地產開發有限公司                                Taicang, PRC 2017          700,000            49.00% Property
          Taicang Huiyao Properties Development                                                              development
          Co., Ltd. (“Taicang Huiyao Properties”)
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 134       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


18. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

     (a)   Particulars of the Group’s material associates are as follows: (Continued)

           *1      Pursuant to the articles of association, the other shareholder of Hangzhou Xinjianhui has been entitled to 51% of the voting power by
                   holding 49% of equity interests in it, which was negotiated and agreed by all shareholders. The Group only has significant influence
                   on this entity as the other shareholder of Hangzhou Xinjianhui has the enough voting power to control and operate this entity. Thus,
                   Hangzhou Xinjianhui is accounted for as an associate by the Group by holding 51% of equity interests in it.


           *2      Pursuant to the articles of association, the other shareholder of Chengdu Ronghui Qiaoyu has been entitled to 51% of the voting power
                   by holding 50% of equity interests in it, which was negotiated and agreed by all shareholders. The Group only has significant influence
                   on this entity as the other shareholder of Chengdu Ronghui Qiaoyu has the enough voting power to control and operate this entity. Thus,
                   Chengdu Ronghui Qiaoyu is accounted for as an associate by the Group by holding 50% of equity interests in it.


     (b)   Hangzhou Xinjianhui is considered as a material associate of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020,
           which co-develops a property development project with other associate partners in Mainland China and the
           associate is accounted for using the equity method.

           The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Hangzhou Xinjianhui:

                                                                                                                                             2020
                                                                                                                                          RMB’000


           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                         17,253
           Other current assets                                                                                                           5,321,027


           Current assets                                                                                                                 5,338,280


           Non-current assets                                                                                                                      64


           Current liabilities                                                                                                             (491,337)


           Non-current financial liabilities, excluding trade and other payables and provisions                                          (2,898,000)


           Net assets                                                                                                                     1,949,007


           Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
           Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                                                                 51%
           Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                                                     993,994


           Carrying amount of the investment

           Revenue                                                                                                                              567
           Expenses                                                                                                                        (288,122)
           Tax                                                                                                                                    –


           Loss for the year                                                                                                               (287,555)


           Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                                                           (287,555)
                                                                                       RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020                      135



                                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                           31 December 2020


18. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   (c)      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not
            individually material:

                                                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


            Share of the associates’ profits and losses for the year                                                            (35,866)              (68,769)
            Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income or losses                                                       (35,866)              (68,769)
            Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates                                            3,917,881            2,341,967


            The directors of the Company are of the opinion that no provision for impairment is necessary as at 31
            December 2020 as the investments in associates are considered fully recoverable (2019: Nil). The associates
            have been accounted for using equity method in these financial statements.



19. DEFERRED TAX

   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

   Deferred tax assets

                                                              Losses
                                                            available        Expenses                     Unrealised
                                                        for offsetting    for offsetting                    revenue
                                                       against future    against future    Impairment     in contract     Accrued       Lease
                                                       taxable profits   taxable profits    of assets       liabilities       LAT    liabilities         Total
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000


   At 1 January 2019                                         210,927           313,370        121,522      1,255,915      366,504        9,162       2,277,400
   Disposal of subsidiaries                                    (1,106)                –        (1,281)       (28,373)           –             –        (30,760)
   Deferred tax (charged)/credited to profit or loss
     during the year (note 10)                                (22,090)         128,081         12,165        421,127       96,913       (1,010)       635,186


   At 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                    187,731           441,451        132,406      1,648,669      463,417        8,152       2,881,826
   Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 39)                            –                 –             –         23,590            –             –        23,590
   Disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                               –                 –             –        (37,693)           –             –        (37,693)
   Deferred tax credited/(charged) to profit or loss
     during the year (note 10)                                 14,800          (203,470)      (10,545)       430,483      153,549       (2,393)       382,424


   At 31 December 2020                                       202,531           237,981        121,861      2,065,049      616,966        5,759       3,250,147
              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 136          ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


19. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

     The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows (continued):

     Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                                                      adjustments
                                                                                                      arising from
                                                                        Fair value      Fair value       business
                                                                      adjustments     adjustments    combinations
                                                         Accrued      arising from    arising from      and costs    Depreciation
                                                         financial financial assets    investment        to obtain   of investment    Right-of-
                                                          income         at FVTPL      properties       contracts       properties   use assets           Total
                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000


     At 1 January 2019                                   119,728               458      1,359,496       1,222,051          65,031         9,134       2,775,898
     Deferred tax (credited)/charged to profit or loss
       during the year (note 10)                          (70,427)             297        148,613         (66,717)         20,417         (1,157)       31,026


     At 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020               49,301               755      1,508,109       1,155,334          85,448         7,977       2,806,924


     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 39)                      –                –              –          67,190               –              –        67,190
     Disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                         –                –              –          (6,346)              –              –         (6,346)
     Deferred tax (credited)/charged to
       profit or loss during the year (note 10)            (4,950)             (19)       101,201        (140,213)          8,385         (1,999)       (37,595)


     At 31 December 2020                                  44,351               736      1,609,310       1,075,965          93,833         5,978       2,830,173



     For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the consolidated statement of
     financial position amounting to RMB365,857,000 (2019: RMB7,856,000). The following is an analysis of the deferred
     tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


     Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
       statement of financial position                                                                                        2,884,290             2,873,970
     Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
       statement of financial position                                                                                        (2,464,316)           (2,799,068)
                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020                137



                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2020


19. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

   Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign
   investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is effective from 1
   January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is
   a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is
   10%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in
   Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008.

   As at 31 December 2020, no deferred tax has been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on the
   unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland China.
   In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group’s fund will be retained in Mainland China for the expansion
   of the Group’s operation, so it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the foreseeable
   future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Mainland
   China for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately RMB1,002,393,000 (2019:
   RMB747,362,000).

   Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:

                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


   Tax losses                                                                                2,102,503          1,290,168
   Deductible temporary differences                                                             87,872            198,755


                                                                                             2,190,375          1,488,923


   Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that the realisation of the related tax
   benefits through future taxable profits is probable. As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not recognise deferred
   tax assets of approximately RMB525,626,000 (2019: RMB3,222,542,000) in respect of losses amounting to
   approximately RMB2,102,503,000 (2019: RMB1,290,168,000), that can be carried forward to offset against future
   taxable income. These tax losses will expire up to and including years 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 138       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


20. PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT

                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000


     At the beginning of the year                                                         86,103,704     66,993,973
     Additions                                                                            49,544,769     43,566,323
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 39)                                                 1,673,716                –
     Disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                                                   (2,993,257)     (1,273,831)
     Transferred to investment properties (note 14)                                                –          (93,652)
     Transferred to completed properties held for sale (note 21)                         (30,384,891)   (23,247,505)
     Impairment losses (note 6)                                                             (155,979)       (183,913)
     Impairment losses transferred to complete properties held for sale (note 21)            202,602         342,309


     At the end of the year                                                             103,990,664     86,103,704


     The movements in provision for impairment of properties under development are as follows:

                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000


     At the beginning of the year                                                           (269,411)      (427,807)
     Impairment losses recognised (note 6)                                                  (155,979)      (183,913)
     Impairment losses transferred to complete properties held for sale (note 21)            202,602        342,309


     At the end of the year                                                                 (222,788)      (269,411)


     The Group’s properties under development are situated on leasehold lands in Mainland China.

     At 31 December 2020, the Group’s properties under development with an aggregate carrying amount of
     approximately RMB56,091,133,000 (2019: RMB47,785,794,000) were pledged to secure bank and other borrowings
     granted to the Group (note 31).



                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000


     At the beginning of the year                                                          8,884,710      5,504,494
     Transferred from properties under development (note 20)                              30,384,891     23,247,505
     Transferred to investment properties (note 14)                                                –       (188,265)
     Transferred to cost of inventories sold (note 6)                                    (26,796,159)   (19,407,407)
     Impairment losses transferred from properties under development (note 20)              (202,602)      (342,309)
     Impairment losses (note 6)                                                             (147,203)      (265,295)
     Impairment losses transferred to cost of sales                                          327,229        335,987


     At the end of the year                                                               12,450,866      8,884,710
                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 139



                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2020


21. COMPLETED PROPERTIES HELD FOR SALE

   The movements in provision for impairment of completed properties held for sale are as follows:

                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


   At the beginning of the year                                                                (523,781)          (252,164)
   Impairment losses transferred to cost of sales                                               327,229            335,987
   Impairment losses transferred from properties under development (note 20)                   (202,602)          (342,309)
   Impairment losses recognised                                                                (147,203)          (265,295)


   At the end of the year                                                                      (546,357)          (523,781)


   As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s completed properties held for sale with an aggregate carrying amount of
   approximately RMB118,586,000 (2019: RMB686,870,000) were pledged to secure bank and other borrowings
   granted to the Group (note 31).

   The value of completed properties held for sale was assessed at the end of each reporting period. An impairment
   exists when the carrying value exceeds its net realisable value. The net realisable value is determined by reference to
   the selling price based on the prevailing market price less applicable selling expenses.



22. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


   Trade receivables                                                                             24,890             26,725
   Impairment                                                                                      (699)             (1,365)


                                                                                                 24,191             25,360


   The Group’s trade receivables primarily consist of receivables from its property sales and property lease. Proceeds
   from property sales and property lease are generally received in accordance with the terms stipulated in the sale
   and purchase agreements. Trade receivables are settled based on the progress payment schedule stipulated in
   the contract. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control
   department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the
   aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there
   is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over
   its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 140       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


22. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of
     loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2020               2019
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


     Within 1 year                                                                                13,826            19,092
     1 to 3 years                                                                                  9,655             3,551
     Over 3 years                                                                                    710             2,717


                                                                                                  24,191            25,360


     The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                  2020               2019
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


     At the beginning of the year                                                                  1,365              3,217
     Impairment losses                                                                              (666)            (1,120)
     Amount written off as uncollectible                                                               –               (732)


     At the end of the year                                                                          699              1,365


     An impairment analysis is performed at the end of each of the reporting period using a provision matrix to measure
     expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various customer segments
     with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and
     reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions
     and forecasts of future economic conditions.

     Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision
     matrix:

     As at 31 December 2020:

                                                                                   Ageing
                                                        Less than             1 to 3              Over
                                                           1 year             years            3 years              Total


     Expected credit loss rate                              1.6%               1.8%             29.6%              2.8%
     Gross carrying amount                                 14,051              9,830             1,009            24,890
     Expected credit losses                                   225                175               299               699
                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  141



                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2020


22. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

   As at 31 December 2019:

                                                                                      Ageing
                                                        Less than              1 to 3              Over
                                                           1 year               years           3 years               Total


   Expected credit loss rate                                0.4%                   5.0%          28.8%               5.1%
   Gross carrying amount                                   19,172                  3,739          3,814             26,725
   Expected credit losses                                      80                    187          1,098              1,365



23. CONTRACT COST ASSETS

                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


   Contract costs arising from the sale of properties                                            771,064            481,756


   Management expected that the contract acquisition costs, which represented primarily sales commission for obtaining
   property sale contracts, are recoverable. The Group has deferred the amounts paid and will charge them to proﬁt or
   loss when the related revenue is recognised. As at 31 December 2020, the amounts charged to proﬁt or loss were
   RMB414,152,000 (2019: RMB308,834,000), and there was no impairment loss in relation to the remaining balance.



24. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


   Prepayments for acquisition of land use rights                                               1,961,855          5,593,922
   Deposits for land auction                                                                    1,197,192            254,453
   Deposits related to land use rights to be jointly acquired with third parties                  564,137            702,435
   Prepaid taxes and other tax recoverables                                                     2,924,383          2,690,222
   Other deposits                                                                                 767,352            565,820
   Prepayments for construction cost                                                              256,546            216,700
   Due from non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiaries                                    2,318,792          1,926,002
   Other receivables                                                                              467,925            297,197


                                                                                               10,458,182        12,246,751
   Impairment                                                                                      (3,086)            (2,992)


                                                                                               10,455,096        12,243,759


   Other receivables are unsecured, non-interest-bearing and have no fixed terms of repayment.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 142       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


24. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS (Continued)

     The movements in provision for impairment of receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


     At the beginning of the year                                                                   2,992              1,789
     Impairment losses recognised (note 6)                                                             94              1,203


     At the end of the year                                                                         3,086              2,992


     The internal credit rating of amounts due from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries, amounts due from third
     parties and other deposits were regarded as the grade of performing. The Group has assessed that the credit risk of
     these receivables has not increased significantly since initial recognition. The expected loss rate of these receivables
     is assessed to be 0.1%. The Group has evaluated the expected loss rate and gross carrying amount, measured
     the impairment based on the 12-month expected credit losses, and assessed that the expected credit losses were
     RMB3,086,000 as at 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB2,992,000).

     As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s prepayments and other receivables with an aggregate carrying amount of
     approximately nil (2019: RMB796,850,000) have been pledged to secure the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other
     borrowings (note 31).



25. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


     Prepayments for equity investments                                                        1,402,644          1,402,644


     Fuzhou Jinhui Real Estate Co., Ltd. signed an agreement with 泉州市億民建設發展有限公司 (“Quanzhou Yimin
     Construction Development Co., Ltd.”, “Quanzhou Yimin”) on 25 February 2016 with the purpose of acquiring land
     parcels through the purchase of the equity interest in project companies. The total agreed purchase price was
     RMB2,295,000,000. According to the agreement, the Group has already partly paid the payments to bring the
     balance to RMB940,000,000 as at 31 December 2020. The equity transaction has not been completed as at 31
     December 2020.

     Xi’an Jinhui Properties signed an property development cooperation agreement with 陝西世紀春天房地產有限公
     司 (“Shaanxi Shiji Chuntian Real Estate Co., Ltd.”) on 25 January 2017 with the purpose of acquiring land parcels
     through the purchase of the equity interest in a project company, namely Xi’an Zhencui Properties Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an
     Zhencui Properties”). The total transfer price was RMB966,944,000. According to the agreement, the Group has
     already partly paid the payments to bring the balance to RMB462,643,500 as at 31 December 2020. The equity
     transaction has not been completed as at 31 December 2020.
                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020                  143



                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2020


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


   Listed equity investments, at fair value                                                        25,837                  –
   Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                                      118,271            315,690


                                                                                                  144,108            315,690


   Analysed into

   Current portion                                                                                 33,808              5,739


   Non-current portion                                                                            110,300            309,951


   The above equity investments at the end of the reporting period were classified as financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss as they were held for trading.

   The above unlisted investments at the end of the reporting period were wealth management products issued by
   financial institutions in Mainland China. They were mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit
   or loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.



27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH AND PLEDGED
    DEPOSITS

                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


   Cash and bank balances                                                                     26,590,952         13,399,755
   Less: Restricted cash                                                                       5,420,396          3,762,566
         Pledged deposits                                                                        438,433            418,642


   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  20,732,123           9,218,547


   Pursuant to relevant regulations in the PRC, certain property development companies of the Group are required
   to place certain amounts of cash in designated bank accounts for specified use. As at 31 December 2020, such
   restricted cash amounted to RMB4,953,540,000 (2019: RMB3,696,258,000). As at 31 December 2020, the restricted
   cash included construction loan mortgages amounting to RMB136,847,000 (2019: RMB64,967,000). As at 31
   December 2020, restricted cash included time deposits amounting to RMB300,000,000 (2019: Nil), which would
   mature in more than three months when acquired by the Group and earn interest at the time deposit rates. As at
   31 December 2020, the restricted cash amounting to RMB30,009,000 (2019: RMB1,341,000) was frozen by the
   People’s Court due to lawsuits.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 144       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH AND PLEDGED
    DEPOSITS (Continued)

     As at 31 December 2020, bank deposits of RMB214,130,000 (2019:RMB211,873,000) was pledged as security for
     bank and other borrowings. As at 31 December 2020, bank deposits of RMB224,303,000 (2019: RMB206,769,000)
     were pledged as security for purchasers’ mortgage loans and construction of projects.

                                                                                               2020              2019
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


     Cash and cash equivalents:
     Denominated in RMB                                                                   17,918,844         8,845,189
     Denominated in US$                                                                      264,737           367,932
     Denominated in HK$                                                                    2,548,542             5,426


                                                                                          20,732,123         9,218,547


     The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control
     Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
     permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

     Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited
     with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents
     approximate to their fair values.

     As at 31 December 2020, the internal credit rating of restricted cash, pledged deposits and cash and cash
     equivalents were regarded as the grade of performing. The Group has assessed that the credit risk of the restricted
     cash, pledged deposits and cash and cash equivalents has not increased significantly since initial recognition and
     measured the impairment based on 12-month expected credit losses, and has assessed that the expected credit
     losses are immaterial.
                                                         RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020               145



                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2020


28. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

   An ageing analysis of the Group’s trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
   date, is as follows:

                                                                                               2020               2019
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


   Within 1 year                                                                           12,266,813         7,936,020
   Over 1 year                                                                                655,756           465,553


                                                                                           12,922,569         8,401,573


   Trade and bills payables are unsecured and are normally settled based on the progress of construction.

   The fair values of trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period approximated to their corresponding
   carrying amounts due to their relatively short maturity terms.

29. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                               2020               2019
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


   Outstanding payables arising from the acquisition of equity interests                       48,162           486,492
   Due to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                                      1,011,769         1,274,563
   Deposits                                                                                   664,219           569,790
   Payroll and welfare payable                                                                260,498           263,144
   Retention deposits related to construction                                                 142,391           120,950
   Other tax and surcharges                                                                   304,861           138,828
   Accrued expenses                                                                           114,048           145,032
   Others                                                                                     344,355           301,850


                                                                                            2,890,303         3,300,649


   Other payables and advances from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries are unsecured, non-interest-
   bearing and repayable on demand. The fair values of other payables as at the end of year approximated to their
   corresponding carrying amounts.
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 146        ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


30. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

     Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                    2020              2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


     Contract liabilities                                                                       69,086,961        56,685,129


     Included in the Group’s contract liabilities are amounts due to the Group’s related parties of nil as at 31 December
     2020 (2019: RMB150,792,000) (note 43(4)).

     The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedules as established in the property sales.
     Payments are usually received in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from property
     development.



31. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                       2020                                           2019
                                           Effective                                Effective
                                            interest                                 interest
                                            rate (%)   Maturity     RMB’000          rate (%)          Maturity      RMB’000


     Current
     Bank loans – secured                       5.00      2021        12,561            4.96             2020           8,000
     Other loans – secured                         –         –             –      9.80-10.70             2020       4,219,500
     Other loans – unsecured                       –         –             –            6.50             2020         818,192
     Current portion of long term bank     4.51-8.50      2021     5,727,540       4.99-8.08             2020       3,885,829
       loans – secured
     Current portion of long term other   6.20-10.90      2021     3,994,330      7.03-11.30             2020       5,047,790
       loans – secured


                                                                   9,734,431                                       13,979,311


     Non-current
     Bank loans – secured                  4.35-8.50   2022-35    22,612,905       5.30-8.20          2021-24      13,307,054
     Other loans – secured                6.20-11.00   2022-23     3,255,100      8.74-11.50          2021-22       6,159,200


                                                                  25,868,005                                       19,466,254


                                                                  35,602,436                                       33,445,565
                                                      RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020              147



                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2020


31. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


   Analysed into:
     Bank loans repayable
       Within one year                                                                  5,740,101         3,893,829
       In the second year                                                              11,909,435         4,569,985
       In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                          10,574,470         8,737,069
       Over five year                                                                     129,000                 –


                                                                                       28,353,006       17,200,883


     Other borrowings repayable
       Within one year                                                                  3,994,330       10,085,482
       In the second year                                                               3,155,100        5,192,000
       In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                             100,000          967,200


                                                                                        7,249,430       16,244,682


                                                                                       35,602,436       33,445,565


   The Group’s borrowings are denominated in RMB as at 31 December 2020.

   Certain of the Group’s bank and other borrowings are secured by the pledges of the following assets with carrying
   values at the end of the reporting period as follows:

                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


   Property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                                 24,049           28,088
   Land use rights (note 15)                                                                4,624            4,902
   Investment properties (note 14)                                                      3,091,386        2,092,171
   Properties under development (note 20)                                              56,091,133       47,785,794
   Completed properties held for sale (note 21)                                           118,586          686,870
   Prepayments and other receivables (note 24)                                                  –          796,850
   Pledged deposits (note 27)                                                             214,130          211,873


   The management of the Company has assessed that the fair values of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
   approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the fact that such borrowings were made between the Group
   and independent third party financial institutions based on prevailing market interest rates.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 148       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


31. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

     As at 31 December 2019, a controlling shareholder, Ms. Lam Fung Ying, has guaranteed certain of Group’s bank and
     other borrowings of up to RMB669,000,000, which have been settled in the year of 2020.

     As at 31 December 2019, a third party 碧桂園地產集團有限公司 (Country Garden Real Estate Group Co., Ltd.) has
     guaranteed certain of Group’s bank and other borrowings of up to RMB62,400,000, which have been settled in the
     year of 2020.

     As at 31 December 2019, a third party 深圳市龍光控股有限公司 (Shenzhen Longguang Holdings Limited) has
     guaranteed certain of Group’s bank and other borrowings of up to RMB70,000,000, which have been settled in the
     year of 2020.

     As at 31 December 2020, a third party 金科地產集團股份有限公司 (Jinke Real Estate Group Co., Ltd.) have
     guaranteed certain of the Group’s bank and other borrowings up to RMB169,224,650 (2019: RMB52,204,000).

     As at 31 December 2020, a third party 上海中梁地產集團有限公司 (Shanghai Zhongliang Real Estate Group
     Co., Ltd.) have guaranteed certain of the Group’s bank and other borrowings up to RMB42,000,000 (2019:
     RMB330,000,000).

     As at 31 December 2020, third parties 湖北三峽華翔集團有限公司 (Hubei Sanxia Hua Xiang Group Co., Ltd.) and
     福建友興投資有限公司 (Fujian Youxing Investment Co., Ltd.) have guaranteed certain of the Group’s bank and other
     borrowings up to RMB782,000,000 (2019: RMB984,000,000).

     As at 31 December 2020, a third party 重慶置盛泓熠企業管理有限公司 (Chongqing Zhisheng Hongyi Corporate
     Management Co., Ltd.) has guaranteed certain of the Group’s bank and other borrowings up to RMB545,820,000
     (2019: RMB715,500,000).

     As at 31 December 2020, a third party 重慶德睿輝實業有限公司 (Chongqing Deruihui Co., Ltd.) has guaranteed
     certain of the Group’s bank and other borrowings up to RMB800,000,000 (2019: Nil).

     As at 31 December 2020, a third party 新力地產集團有限公司 (Sinic Real Estate Group Co., Ltd.) has guaranteed
     certain of the Group’s bank and other borrowings up to RMB240,000,000 (2019: Nil).
                                                         RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020                149



                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2020


32. PROCEEDS FROM ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES (“ABS”)

                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                       Contractual                               2020
                                                                      interest rate                           Closing
   Name of ABSs                                       Principal     per annum (%)           Maturity          balance
                                                      RMB’000                                                RMB’000


   Jinhui Group Jinhui Building                       2,805,907                    6      2018-2036          2,817,894
   Dongxing Mingzhu                                     650,000              7.5-8.5           2021            643,477


                                                                                                             3,461,371


   Less: Current portion                                                                                       770,798


   Non-current portion                                                                                       2,690,573


                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                         Contractual                            2019
                                                                        interest rate                         Closing
   Name of ABSs                                         Principal    per annum (%)           Maturity         balance
                                                       RMB’000                                               RMB’000


   Jinhui Group Housing Residual Payment              1,020,000              7.2-8.2           2020          1,030,824
   Jinhui Group Jinhui Building                       2,911,500                    6      2018-2036          2,917,482
   Dongxing Mingzhu                                     650,000              7.5-8.5           2021            634,334


                                                                                                             4,582,640


   Less: Current portion                                                                                     1,156,041


   Non-current portion                                                                                       3,426,599


   The balance represented proceeds received from special purpose entities (“SPE”) set up by financial institutions in the
   PRC for issuance of asset-backed securities, to which the Group has collateralised certain future trade receivables for
   the remaining receipts from the provision of property management services, the sale of properties and property lease
   income. Under an assignment arrangement between the Group and the SPE, as and when the Group receives the
   sales proceeds from customers, the Group would remit any cash flows it collects on behalf of the SPE.

   As at 31 December 2020, certain of the Group’s asset-backed securities are secured by the pledges of property,
   plant and equipment of RMB23,468,000 (2019: RMB24,071,000) (note 13), right-of-use assets of RMB20,302,000
   (2019: RMB20,854,000) (note 15), and investment properties of RMB5,064,000,000 (2019: RMB4,811,200,000) (note
   14).
               RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 150           ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


33. SENIOR NOTES

                                            1 January                                                  The effect                           31 December
                                                 2020                                                  of foreign                                   2020
                                             Opening              Issued             Interest           currency                                 Closing
     Name of senior notes                     balance            in 2020            expense                effect           Payment              balance
                                             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


     2021 Notes                             1,740,198                   –             202,608             (94,241)           (202,608)          1,645,957
     2022 Notes (note 1)                            –           2,066,340             208,212            (135,914)           (108,633)          2,030,005
     2023 Notes (note 2)                            –           1,745,469              81,771            (131,715)            (75,870)          1,619,655


                                                                                                                                                5,295,617


     Analysed into:
       Non-current portion                                                                                                                      3,549,874


       Current portion                                                                                                                          1,745,743


                                            1 January                                                   The effect                          31 December
                                                2019                                                    of foreign                                 2019
                                             Opening               Issued              Interest          currency                                Closing
     Name of senior notes                     balance             in 2019             expense                effect          Payment             balance
                                            RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000


     2021 Notes                                      –          1,706,044              34,343                 (189)                   –         1,740,198


     Analysed into:
       Non-current portion                                                                                                                      1,706,044


       Current portion                                                                                                                             34,154


     Note 1:       On 16 January 2020, Radiance Capital Investments, a subsidiary of the Group has completed to issue senior notes due in 2022 (the
                   “2022 Notes”), which were publicly listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. The 2022 Notes are denominated in
                   US$ amounting to US$300,000,000 and bear interest at a rate of 10.50% per annum, and the interest is payable every six months in
                   arrears on 16 January and 16 July or on the business day nearest hereto every half year, beginning on 17 January 2020.


                   At any time prior to 16 January 2022, Radiance Capital Investments may at its option redeem the 2022 Notes, in whole but not in part,
                   at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes plus the applicable premium as of, and accrued and
                   unpaid interest, if any, to (but not including) the redemption date. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that they have no plan
                   to redeem the 2022 Notes prior to 31 December 2021.
                                                                       RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                 151



                                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                     31 December 2020


33. SENIOR NOTES (Continued)

   Note 2:      On 17 June 2020, Radiance Capital Investments has completed to issue senior notes due in 2023 (the “2023 Notes”), which
                were publicly listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. The 2023 Notes are denominated in US$ amounting to
                US$250,000,000 and bear interest at a rate of 8.80% per annum, and the interest is payable every six months in arrears on 17 June and
                17 December or on the business day nearest hereto every half year, beginning on 18 June 2020, except that the last payment of interest
                will be made on 17 September 2023.


                At any time prior to 16 June 2023, Radiance Capital Investments may at its option redeem the 2023 Notes, in whole but not in part, at
                a redemption price equal to 102.50% of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes plus the applicable premium as of, and accrued and
                unpaid interest, if any, to (but not including) the redemption date. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that they have no plan
                to redeem the 2023 Notes prior to 31 December 2021.




34. CORPORATE BONDS

                                                    1 January                                                                          31 December
                                                         2020                                                                                  2020
                                                     Opening              Issued in              Interest                                   Closing
   Name of bonds                                      balance                 2020              expense               Payment               balance
                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000


   16 Jinhui 01                                       500,394                     –                34,102               (34,102)              500,394
   16 Jinhui 02                                     1,511,192                     –               104,390              (104,390)            1,511,192
   16 Jinhui 03                                       262,521                     –                18,250               (18,250)              262,521
   18 Jinhui 01                                     1,052,898                     –                61,144              (375,000)              739,042
   18 Jinhui 02                                     1,496,092                     –                95,659              (822,780)              768,971
   18 Jinhui 03                                       404,382                     –                25,618              (430,000)                    –
   19 Jinhui 01                                     2,084,945                     –               154,453              (150,000)            2,089,398
   19 Jinhui 02                                       856,751                     –                57,014              (913,765)                    –
   19 Jinhui 03                                     1,133,487                     –                85,673               (84,750)            1,134,410
   20 Jinhui 01 (note 1)                                    –               645,919                25,648                     –               671,567
   20 Jinhui 02 (note 2)                                    –               496,000                15,676                     –               511,676
   20 Jinhui 03 (note 3)                                    –             1,214,000                11,397                     –             1,225,397


                                                    9,302,662             2,355,919               689,024            (2,933,037)            9,414,568
               RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 152           ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


34. CORPORATE BONDS (Continued)

                                                          1 January                                                                         31 December
                                                              2019                                                                                 2019
                                                           Opening              Issued in               Interest                                 Closing
     Name of bonds                                          balance                 2019               expense             Payment               balance
                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000


     16 Jinhui 01                                           535,119                    –                34,630               (69,355)             500,394
     16 Jinhui 02                                         1,574,333                    –               104,359             (167,500)            1,511,192
     16 Jinhui 03                                         1,043,655                    –                33,866             (815,000)              262,521
     16 Jinhui 04                                           628,189                    –                16,811             (645,000)                    –
     16 Jinhui 05                                         1,555,192                    –                55,808           (1,611,000)                    –
     16 Jinhui 06                                           919,305                    –                40,095             (959,400)                    –
     18 Jinhui 01                                         1,049,575                    –                78,323               (75,000)           1,052,898
     18 Jinhui 02                                         1,729,203                    –               122,689             (355,800)            1,496,092
     18 Jinhui 03                                           404,267                    –                30,115               (30,000)             404,382
     19 Jinhui 01                                                 –            1,991,150                93,795                     –            2,084,945
     19 Jinhui 02                                                 –              842,450                14,301                     –              856,751
     19 Jinhui 03                                                 –            1,125,875                 7,612                     –            1,133,487


                                                          9,438,838            3,959,475               632,404           (4,728,055)            9,302,662


     At the end of the reporting period, the Group’s corporate bonds were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                                           2020                   2019
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

     Repayable within one year                                                                                         7,056,468              4,035,868
     Repayable within two to four years                                                                                2,358,100              5,266,794

                                                                                                                       9,414,568              9,302,662


     Note 1:        On 16 June 2020, Radiance Group, a subsidiary of the Group completed to issue four-year corporate bonds with a principal amount
                    of RMB650,000,000 (“20 Jinhui 01”), which were publicly listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 23 June 2020. 20 Jinhui 01 is
                    denominated in RMB and bears interest at a rate of 6.95% per annum, and is payable annually in arrears on 16 June or on the business
                    day nearest hereto each year, beginning on 16 June 2020. Radiance Group is entitled to adjust upwards to the interest rate on the date
                    which is 15 days of trading prior to the second interest repayment date for 20 Jinhui 01. Upon the adjustment, bond holders may at their
                    options (“Put Options”) sell back 20 Jinhui 01 to Radiance Group on the second interest repayment date.

     Note 2:        On 29 July 2020, Radiance Group issued three-year corporate bonds with a principal amount of RMB500,000,000 (“20 Jinhui 02”),
                    which were privately issued on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. 20 Jinhui 02 is denominated in RMB and bears interest at a rate of
                    7.00% per annum, payable annually in arrears on 29 July or on the business day nearest hereto each year, beginning on 29 July 2020.
                    Radiance Group is entitled to adjust upwards to the interest rate on the date which is 15 days of trading prior to the second interest
                    repayment date for the 20 Jinhui 02. Upon the adjustment, bond holders may at their options (“Put Options”) sell back 20 Jinhui 02 to
                    Radiance Group on the second interest repayment date.

     Note 3:        On 19 November 2020, Radiance Group has completed to issue four-year corporate bonds with a principal amount of
                    RMB1,220,000,000 (“20 Jinhui 03”), which were publicly listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 30 November 2020. 20 Jinhui 03 is
                    denominated in RMB and bears interest at a rate of 6.95% per annum, payable annually in arrears on 19 November or on the business
                    day nearest hereto each year, beginning on 19 November 2020. Radiance Group is entitled to adjust upwards to the interest rate on the
                    date 15 days of trading prior to the second interest repayment date for 20 Jinhui 03. Upon the adjustment, bond holders may at their
                    options (“Put Options”) sell back 20 Jinhui 03 to Radiance Group on the second interest repayment date.
                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020             153



                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       31 December 2020


35. SHARE CAPITAL

   Shares
                                                                                              2020                2019
                                                                                              HK$                  HK$


   Issued and fully paid:
   4,045,227,000 (2019: 1) ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each (2019: HK$0.01 each)         40,452,270                   1


   A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                     shares in issue      Share capital
                                                                                                              RMB’000


   At 1 January 2019                                                                              –                  –
   Issue of ordinary shares                                                                       1                  –


   At 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                                         1                  –
   Issue of ordinary shares                                                                       1                  –
   Issue of ordinary shares upon listing                                                600,000,000              5,207
   Issue of ordinary shares on capitalisation                                         3,399,999,998             29,504
   Issue of ordinary shares on an over-allotment option                                  45,227,000                384


   At 31 December 2020                                                                4,045,227,000             35,095


   The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 17 October 2019 with authorised share
   capital of HK$380,000 divided into 38,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 each at par value.

   On the date of incorporation, 1 ordinary share of HK$0.01 was allotted by the Company to a subscriber, and was
   transferred to Glowing Shine Limited, a company controlled by Mr. Lam Ting Keung and Ms. Lam Fung Ying, on 17
   October 2019.

   On 6 March 2020, the Company acquired the entire issued shares of Jubilance Properties from Radiance Group
   Holdings at a consideration of US$3.00, which was settled by the Company by allotting and issuing 1 ordinary share
   to Glowing Shine, being the direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Radiance Group Holdings, on 5 March 2020.

   On 5 October 2020, the Company increased its authorised share capital to HK$100,000,000 by the creation of
   9,962,000,000 additional shares of nominal value of HK$0.01 each.

   On 29 October 2020, upon its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company issued 600,000,000
   new ordinary shares with par value of HK$0.01 each at HK$4.30 per share for a total cash consideration of
   HK$2,580,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,238,872,000).
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 154       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


35. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

     Shares (Continued)
     On 29 October 2020, 3,399,999,998 shares were issued by way of capitalisation with par value of HK$0.01 each, the
     respective share capital amount was approximately RMB29,504,000.

     On 25 November 2020, upon its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the over-allotment option has been
     partially exercised and the Company allotted and issued 45,227,000 additional shares at HK$4.30 per share for a total
     cash consideration of HK$194,476,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB164,955,000).



36. RESERVES

     The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the year ended 31 December 2020 are
     presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

     (a) Share premium
           The share premium represents the difference between the par value of the shares issued and the consideration
           received.

     (b) Capital reserve
           The capital reserve represents any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are
           adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid for acquisition of non-controlling interests in subsidiaries.
           Details of the movements in the capital reserve are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

     (c) Statutory surplus reserve
           In accordance with the PRC Company Law and the articles of association of the subsidiaries established in the
           PRC, the Group is required to appropriate 10% of its net profits after tax, as determined under PRC GAAP, to
           the statutory surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of its registered capital. Subject to certain
           restrictions set out in the relevant PRC regulations and in the articles of association of the Group, the statutory
           surplus reserve may be used either to offset losses, or to be converted to increase share capital provided that
           the balance after such conversion is not less than 25% of the registered capital of the Group. The reserve
           cannot be used for purposes other than those for which it is created and is not distributable as cash dividends.

     (d) Asset revaluation reserve
           The asset revaluation reserve arises from change in use from an owner-occupied property to an investment
           property.
                                                                        RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020                     155



                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             31 December 2020


37. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

   (a) Major non-cash transactions
       During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB14,159,000
       (2019: RMB19,427,000) in respect of lease arrangements for office buildings.

       The non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries of the Group, namely 深圳市龍光房地產有限公司 (“Shenzhen
       Longguang Properties Co., Ltd.”), 杭州力珀房地產有限公司(“Hangzhou Lippo Real Estate Co. Ltd”) and 鹽
       城晉兆企業管理有限公司 (“Yancheng Jinzhao Enterprise Management Co. Ltd”) have made a debt-for-equity
       swap to contribute RMB50,000,000, RMB40,000,000 and RMB100,000,000 to capital in 2020.

   (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                           Proceeds          Interest-       Senior                                    liabilities
                                                               from      bearing bank     notes and     Due to                              from
                                                        asset-based         and other     corporate     related           Lease       financing
                                                          securities      borrowings         bonds      parties        liabilities    activities
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


       At 1 January 2019                                  4,443,953        29,285,010     9,438,838    2,883,813          36,649     46,088,263
       Cash flows (used in)/from financing activities      (147,160)        4,118,813       937,464    2,028,086         (26,483)     6,910,720
       New operating leases                                       –                 –             –            –          19,427         19,427
       Accrual of interest                                  285,847                 –       666,558            –           3,018        955,423
       Cash flows from non-financing activities                   –            41,742             –            –               –         41,742


       At 31 December 2019                                 4,582,640       33,445,565    11,042,860    4,911,899          32,611     54,015,575
       Cash flows (used in)/from financing activities     (1,121,269)       2,283,539     2,847,580        3,914         (25,901)     3,987,863
       New operating leases                                        –                –             –            –          14,159         14,159
       Accrual of interest                                         –          118,268     1,181,615            –           2,170      1,302,053
       The effect of foreign currency exchange                     –                –      (361,870)           –               –       (361,870)
       Cash flows from non-financing activities                    –         (244,936)            –            –               –       (244,936)


       At 31 December 2020                                3,461,371        35,602,436    14,710,185    4,915,813            23,039   58,712,844


   (c) Total cash outflow for leases
       The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                                                2020                    2019
                                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


       Within operating activities                                                                                  5,938              7,670
       Within financing activities                                                                                 23,532             22,715


                                                                                                                   29,470             30,385
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 156       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


38. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING
    INTERESTS

     Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests were set out below:

                                                                                            Percentage of            Profit/(loss)
                                                                                            equity interest          for the year           Accumulated
                                                                                                    held by          allocated to            balances of
                                                                                           non-controlling        non-controlling         non-controlling
                                                                                                  interests              interests              interests
                                                                                                         %               RMB’000               RMB’000


     31 December 2020
     Rongqiao (FuZhou) Real Estate*                                                                     40%                  49,544              1,141,392
     Radiance Group                                                                                      4%                 123,837                820,019
     Hefei Shengzhuo*                                                                                   77%                 366,179                482,216
     Fuqing Jinfu Xinmao Properties*                                                                    61%                 216,399                331,808


     31 December 2019
     Rongqiao (FuZhou) Real Estate*                                                                     40%                 138,809              1,180,950
     Radiance Group                                                                                      4%                 104,827                697,037


     *     Rongqiao (FuZhou) Real Estate, Hefei Shengzhuo and Fuqing Jinfu Xinmao Properties are subsidiaries of Radiance Group, and the financial
           information set out below only reflects the direct non-controlling interests in these entities, and the indirect non-controlling interests have not
           been included.
                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020               157



                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2020


38. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING
    INTERESTS (Continued)

   The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts disclosed
   are before any inter-company eliminations:

   Rongqiao (FuZhou) Real Estate
                                                                                               2020               2019
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


   Revenue                                                                                  2,718,097          1,985,082
   Total expenses                                                                          (2,594,236)        (1,638,059)


   Profit for the year                                                                       123,861            347,023
   Total comprehensive income for the year                                                   123,861            347,023


   Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                                      123,861            347,023
   Non-controlling interests                                                                       –                  –


                                                                                             123,861            347,023


   Current assets                                                                           6,476,197          5,860,849
   Non-current assets                                                                         254,740            224,609
   Current liabilities                                                                     (3,813,457)        (1,304,405)
   Non-current liabilities                                                                    (64,000)        (1,828,677)


                                                                                           2,853,480           2,952,376


   Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                                    2,853,480           2,952,376
   Non-controlling interests                                                                       –                   –


                                                                                           2,853,480           2,952,376


   Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                       2,163,562           117,117
   Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                 (3,408)                (10)
   Net cash flows used in financing activities                                             (2,202,513)           (33,633)


   Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                       (42,359)            83,474
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 158       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


38. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING
    INTERESTS (Continued)

     Radiance Group
                                                                          2020            2019
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


     Revenue                                                          34,893,248     25,963,108
     Total expenses                                                  (31,201,141)   (23,267,238)


     Profit for the year                                              3,692,107       2,695,870
     Total comprehensive income for the year                          3,692,107       2,695,870


     Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                                             3,095,932       2,620,669
     Non-controlling interests                                          596,175          75,201


                                                                      3,692,107       2,695,870


     Current assets                                                  162,400,237    129,624,403
     Non-current assets                                               23,214,935      19,698,112
     Current liabilities                                            (112,654,588)    (95,287,682)
     Non-current liabilities                                         (36,938,270)    (32,676,867)


                                                                     36,022,314      21,357,966


     Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                                            20,500,467      17,425,916
     Non-controlling interests                                       15,521,847       3,932,050


                                                                     36,022,314      21,357,966


     Net cash flows generated from/(used in) operating activities     1,992,080      (7,899,463)
     Net cash flows (used in)/generated from investing activities    (2,544,934)        389,930
     Net cash flows generated from financing activities              12,460,210       6,802,127


     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents            11,907,356        (707,406)
                                                        RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020                159



                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2020


38. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING
    INTERESTS (Continued)

   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                           Fuqing Jinfu
                                                                                              Hefei            Xinmao
                                                                                         Shengzhuo           Properties
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


   Revenue                                                                                 2,649,597          1,414,525
   Total expenses                                                                         (2,174,040)        (1,059,773)

   Profit for the year                                                                      475,557            354,752
   Total comprehensive income for the year                                                  475,557            354,752


   Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                                     475,557            354,752
   Non-controlling interests                                                                      –                  –


                                                                                            475,557            354,752


   Current assets                                                                           629,259           1,144,348
   Non-current assets                                                                          7,987              9,911
   Current liabilities                                                                       (10,992)          (610,312)


                                                                                            626,254            543,947


   Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                                     626,254            543,947
   Non-controlling interests                                                                      –                  –


                                                                                            626,254            543,947


   Net cash flows used in operating activities                                               (92,455)           (48,194)
   Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                     –                  –
   Net cash flows generated from financing activities                                              –                  –

   Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                 (92,455)           (48,194)



39. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

   On 8 September 2020, one subsidiary of the Group, Xi’an Jinhui Properties, further acquired a 49% equity interest in
   Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate from Shaanxi Tianyu Industrial Investment Co., Ltd, and had a 100% equity interest in Xi’an
   Yaowei Real Estate upon completion of the acquisition. The acquisition was part of the Group’s strategy to expand
   its market share of property development and operation. Prior to the share transfer, Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate is an
   associate of the Group. Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate is mainly engaged in real estate development and operation. The
   purchase consideration for the acquisition was in the form of cash, with RMB384,500,000 paid and the remaining
   RMB40,000,000 was payable at 31 December 2020.
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 160       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


39. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)

     Since the acquisition, Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate has contributed an amount of nil to the Group’s revenue and a loss of
     RMB11,370,000 to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended
     31 December 2020. Had the combination taken place at 1 January 2020, the revenue and net profit of the Group
     would have been RMB34,893,248,000 and RMB3,812,336,000, respectively.

     The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate as at the date of acquisition were as
     follows:

                                                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                                                recognised on
                                                                                                                   acquisition
                                                                                                                     RMB’000


     Property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                                                                   20
     Deferred tax assets (note 19)                                                                                        23,590
     Properties under development (note 20)                                                                           1,673,716
     Prepayments and other receivables                                                                                  930,172
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            47,371
     Trade and bills payables                                                                                            (86,497)
     Other payables and accruals                                                                                       (387,930)
     Contract liabilities                                                                                              (691,355)
     Tax payable                                                                                                           (3,749)
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                                        (704,006)
     Deferred tax liabilities (note 19)                                                                                  (67,190)


     Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                        734,142


     Satisfied by
       Cash                                                                                                             384,500
       Acquisition consideration outstanding and included in other payables                                              40,000
       Fair value of investments in the associate held before business combinations                                     309,642


                                                                                                                        734,142


     An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of the subsidiary is as follows:

                                                                                                                      RMB’000


     Cash considerations                                                                                               (384,500)
     Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                  47,371


     Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents
       included in cash flows from investing activities                                                                (337,129)
                                                          RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 161



                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2020


40. DISPOSAL A SUBSIDIARY

   Pursuant to the resolutions of a shareholders’ meeting of 鄭州金輝興業公司房地產開發有限公司 (“Zhengzhou
   Jinhui Xingye”) dated 27 October 2020, one subsidiary of the Group resolved to transfer 49% of its equity interests in
   Zhengzhou Jinhui Xingye to a third party for a consideration of RMB50,000,000. There after, the Group’s interest in
   Zhengzhou Jinhui Xingye was decreased to 51%, and pursuant to the amended articles of association, all shareholder
   resolutions shall be resolved by all shareholders on a unanimous basis, thus the Group lost its control over Zhengzhou
   Jinhui Xingye thereafter.

   The carrying values of the assets and liabilities of Zhengzhou Jinhui Xingye on the date of disposal were as follows:

                                                                                                                  RMB’000


   Net assets disposed of:
     Property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                                                             994
     Intangible assets (note 16)                                                                                          31
     Deferred tax assets (note 19)                                                                                   37,693
     Properties under development (note 20)                                                                      2,993,257
     Prepayments and other receivables                                                                           1,068,420
     Tax recoverable                                                                                                   7,515
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     121,649
     Trade and bills payables                                                                                       (80,536)
     Other payables and accruals                                                                                (2,323,615)
     Contract liabilities                                                                                         (811,961)
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                                   (948,942)
     Deferred tax liabilities (note 19)                                                                               (6,346)


                                                                                                                    58,159
   Retained a 51% equity interest in a joint venture                                                                29,661

   Gain on disposal of Zhengzhou Jinhui Xingye                                                                      21,502


   Satisfied by cash consideration                                                                                  50,000


   An analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary is as follows:

                                                                                                                  RMB’000


   Cash consideration                                                                                               50,000
   Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                                             (121,649)


   Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents
     in respect of the disposal of Zhengzhou Jinhui Xingye                                                          (71,649)
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 162       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


41. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     At the end of the reporting period, contingent liabilities not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

                                                                                                                            2020                     2019
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Guarantees given to banks in connection with facilities granted to
       purchasers of the Group’s properties                                                           (1)              34,134,745              29,957,604


     Guarantees given to banks and other institutions in connection with
       facilities granted to related companies and third parties                                      (2)                5,515,450               8,659,883


     (1)   The Group provided guarantees in respect of mortgage facilities granted by certain banks to the purchasers of the Group’s completed properties
           held for sale. Pursuant to the terms of the guarantee arrangements, in the case of default on mortgage payments by the purchasers, the
           Group is responsible for repaying the outstanding mortgage principals together with any accrued interest and penalties owed by the defaulted
           purchasers to those banks.


           Under the above arrangement, the related properties were pledged to the banks as collateral for the mortgage loans, upon default on mortgage
           repayments by these purchasers, the banks are entitled to take over the legal titles and will realise the pledged properties through open auction.


           The Group’s guarantee period starts from the dates of grant of the relevant mortgage loans and ends upon the issuance and registration of
           property ownership certificates to the purchasers, which will generally be available within one to two years after the purchasers take possession
           of the relevant properties.


           The Group did not incur any material losses during the year in respect of the guarantees provided for mortgage facilities granted to purchasers
           of the Group’s completed properties held for sale. The directors of the Company considered that in the case of default on payments, the net
           realisable value of the related properties would be sufficient to repay the outstanding mortgage loans together with any accrued interest and
           penalty, and therefore no provision has been made in connection with the guarantees.


     (2)   The Group provided guarantees to banks and other institutions in connection with financial facilities granted to the related companies. The
           directors of the Company consider that no provision is needed in respect of the guarantees since the fair value is not significant. Further details
           are included in note 43.


           Except as disclosed above, during the year and up to the end of the year, neither the Group nor the Company were involved in any litigation,
           arbitration or administrative proceedings, claims or disputes which had a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition or results of
           operation.


           The balances of guarantees given to banks and other institutions in connection with facilities granted to third parties of 2019 were released in the
           year 2020.
                                                         RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   163



                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2020


42. COMMITMENTS

   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                2020                 2019
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


   Contracted, but no provided for:
     – Properties under development                                                        25,459,665           23,806,693
     – Acquisition of land use right                                                        1,111,306            2,611,510
     – Capital contribution for acquisition of equity interests                             2,274,644            2,274,644
     – Capital contributions payable to joint ventures and associates                          51,171              733,554

                                                                                           28,896,786           29,426,401



43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   (1) Significant related party transactions
        The following transactions were carried out with related parties during the reporting period:

                                                                                                2020                 2019
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


        Advances from related companies:
          Joint ventures                                                                     1,327,461            3,535,412
          Associates                                                                         1,047,749            2,526,314

        Repayment of advances from related companies:
          Joint ventures                                                                     2,363,933            1,991,425
          Associates                                                                           327,276            2,042,215

        Property management services provided to:
          Joint ventures                                                                                –            10,137
          Associates                                                                                    –             4,773

        Management consulting services provided to:
          Joint ventures                                                                        68,383               52,074
          Associates                                                                            89,654                3,554


        Sales of properties to family members of certain directors
          and/or a controlling shareholder                                                     150,599                9,080


        Financial income from:
           Joint ventures                                                                               –               332
           Associates                                                                                   –            18,891
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 164       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (1) Significant related party transactions (Continued)
                                                                                                 2020             2019
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


           Advances to related parties:
             Joint ventures                                                                  4,354,242         5,910,142
             Associates                                                                      1,436,160         5,567,592


           Receipt of advances to related parties:
             Joint ventures                                                                  3,186,087         5,611,591
             Associates                                                                      3,131,607         4,943,793


           Property management services provided by companies controlled by
             the ultimate controlling shareholders                                             213,437                 –


           Property lease income from a company controlled by
             the ultimate controlling shareholders                                               1,133                 –


           These transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually agreed by the parties
           involved.

     (2) Disposal of subsidiaries
                                                                                                 2020             2019
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


           Consideration of disposal of subsidiaries                                                  –           27,000


     (3) Other transactions with related parties:
                                                                                                 2020             2019
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


           Guarantees provided to related parties:
             Joint ventures                                                                  2,986,137         4,028,292
             Associates                                                                      2,529,313         3,971,591


           Guarantees provided by related parties:
             Controlling shareholders                                                                 –         669,000
             An associate*                                                                            –         300,000


           *       The interest-bearing bank and other borrowings amounting to RMB300,000,000 as at 31 December 2019
                   were guaranteed by Xi’an Yaowei Real Estate, which is an associate by then and has become a subsidiary
                   of the Group, refer to note 39 for more details.
                                                      RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020            165



                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2020


43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (4) Outstanding balances with related parties
                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


       Due from related parties:
         Trade-related:
            Joint ventures                                                                6,790               641
            Associates                                                                   20,796               530


       Due from related parties:
         Non-trade-related:
            Joint ventures                                                           5,623,858          4,455,703
            Associates                                                               1,662,764          3,358,211


       Due to related parties:
         Trade-related:
            Family members of certain directors and/or controlling shareholders
              (included in the Group’s contract liabilities) (note 30)                        –          150,792
            Companies controlled by the ultimate shareholders                             8,299                –


       Due to related parties:
         Non-trade-related:
           Joint ventures                                                            3,095,708          4,132,180
           Associates                                                                1,500,192            779,719


       Balances with the above related parties were unsecured and repayable on demand.

   (5) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


       Short-term employee benefits                                                      17,590            11,580
       Pension scheme contributions                                                         360               679


       Total compensation paid to key management personnel                               17,950            12,259
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 166        ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

     The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
     follows:

     31 December 2020

     Financial assets
                                                                                    Financial   Financial
                                                                                    assets at      assets
                                                                               amortised cost   at FVTPL             Total
                                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000


     Trade receivables (note 22)                                                      24,191           –            24,191
     Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables
        and other assets (note 24)                                                 3,086,144           –         3,086,144
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (note 26)                       –     144,108           144,108
     Due from related parties (note 43)                                            7,314,208           –         7,314,208
     Restricted cash (note 27)                                                     5,420,396           –         5,420,396
     Pledged deposits (note 27)                                                      438,433           –           438,433
     Cash and cash equivalents (note 27)                                          20,732,123           –        20,732,123


                                                                                  37,015,495     144,108        37,159,603


     Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                 Financial
                                                                                                              liabilities at
                                                                                                            amortised cost
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


     Trade and bills payables (note 28)                                                                         12,922,569
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals (note 29)                                     2,515,757
     Due to related parties (note 43)                                                                            4,604,199
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 31)                                                       35,602,436
     Lease liabilities (note 15)                                                                                    23,039
     Proceeds from asset-backed securities (note 32)                                                             3,461,371
     Senior notes (note 33)                                                                                      5,295,617
     Corporate bonds (note 34)                                                                                   9,414,568


                                                                                                                73,839,556
                                                                     RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020           167



                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2020


44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

   31 December 2019

   Financial assets
                                                                                      Financial    Financial
                                                                                     assets at       assets
                                                                                amortised cost    at FVTPL                 Total
                                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000               RMB’000


   Trade receivables (note 22)                                                         25,360             –               25,360
   Financial assets included in prepayments, other
      receivables and other assets (note 24)                                        2,541,322            –             2,541,322
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (note 26)                          –      315,690               315,690
   Due from related parties (note 43)                                               7,815,085            –             7,815,085
   Restricted cash (note 27)                                                        3,762,566            –             3,762,566
   Pledged deposits (note 27)                                                         418,642            –               418,642
   Cash and cash equivalents (note 27)                                              9,218,547            –             9,218,547


                                                                                   23,781,522      315,690           24,097,212


   Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                                                     liabilities at
                                                                                                                  amortised cost
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


   Trade and bills payables (note 28)                                                                                 8,401,573
   Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals (note 29)                                            2,892,473
   Due to related parties (note 43)                                                                                   4,911,899
   Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 31)                                                              33,445,565
   Lease liabilities (note 15)                                                                                           32,611
   Proceeds from asset-backed securities (note 32)                                                                    4,582,640
   Senior notes (note 33)                                                                                             1,740,198
   Corporate bonds (note 34)                                                                                          9,302,662


                                                                                                                     65,309,621
            RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 168        ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


45. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
     reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                                    Carrying amounts                    Fair values
                                                                      2020           2019              2020            2019
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000


     Financial assets
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          144,108          315,690         144,108          315,690


     Financial liabilities
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 31)        35,602,436       33,445,565      35,532,022       33,458,978
     Proceeds from asset-backed securities (note 32)              3,461,371        4,582,640       3,685,557        4,750,003
     Senior notes (note 33)                                       5,295,617        1,740,198       5,409,713        1,744,050
     Corporate bonds (note 34)                                    9,414,568        9,302,662       9,003,493        9,207,522

                                                                 53,773,992       49,071,065      53,630,785       49,160,553


     Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, restricted cash, trade
     receivables, trade and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets,
     financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, and amounts due from/to related companies approximate
     to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

     The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and
     procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief
     financial officer. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial
     instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the
     chief financial officer. The valuation results are discussed with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual
     financial reporting.

     The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
     exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
     methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

     The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by financial
     institutions in Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a
     discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.
                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 169



                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2020


45. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (Continued)

   The fair values of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and certain proceeds from asset-backed securities have
   been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with
   similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank
   and other borrowings as at 31 December 2020 was assessed to be insignificant.

   The fair values of certain proceeds from asset-backed securities, corporate bonds and senior notes are based on
   quoted market prices.

   Fair value hierarchy
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

   Assets measured at fair value:

                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                           Quoted prices       Significant    Significant
                                                                in active      observable unobservable
                                                                 markets           inputs         inputs
                                                                (Level 1)        (Level 2)      (Level 3)            Total
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000


   As at 31 December 2020

   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          25,837         118,271                –          144,108


   As at 31 December 2019

   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                –        315,690                –          315,690
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 170       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


45. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)

     Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
     The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments: (Continued)

     Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:

                                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                                            Quoted prices       Significant    Significant
                                                                 in active      observable unobservable
                                                                  markets           inputs         inputs
                                                                 (Level 1)        (Level 2)      (Level 3)            Total
                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000


     As at 31 December 2020

     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                          –      35,532,022                –      35,532,022
     Proceeds from asset-backed securities                         648,577       3,036,980                –       3,685,557
     Senior notes                                                5,409,713               –                –       5,409,713
     Corporate bonds                                             9,003,493               –                –       9,003,493


                                                                15,061,783      38,569,002                –      53,630,785


     As at 31 December 2019

     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                          –      33,458,978                –      33,458,978
     Proceeds from asset-backed securities                       1,663,194       3,086,809                –       4,750,003
     Senior notes                                                1,744,050               –                –       1,744,050
     Corporate bonds                                             9,207,522               –                –       9,207,522


                                                                12,614,766      36,545,787                –      49,160,553
                                                           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020                   171



                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2020


46. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   The Group’s principal financial instruments mainly include cash and bank balances, restricted cash, trade receivables,
   and trade and other payables, which arise directly from its operations. The Group has other financial assets and
   liabilities such as interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, senior notes, corporate notes, financial instruments at
   fair value through profit or loss, amounts with related companies and other receivables. The main purpose of these
   financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations.

   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and
   liquidity risk. Generally, the Group introduces conservative strategies on its risk management. The Group does not
   hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies
   for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.

   (a) Interest rate risk
         The Group’s exposure to risk for changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s bank and other
         borrowings set out in note 31. The Group does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge interest rate
         risk. The Group manages its interest cost using variable rate bank borrowings.

         As at 31 December 2020, if the interest rate of bank borrowings had increased/decreased by 1% and all
         other variables held constant, profit before tax for the year of the Group would have decreased/increased by
         approximately RMB25,380,000 (2019: RMB22,682,000).

   (b) Foreign currency risk
         The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures mainly arise from the Group’s cash and cash
         equivalents and senior notes. The currency in which they are denominated is US$. There is no significant impact
         on foreign currency risk.

                                                                             Increase/          Increase/
                                                                            (decrease)         (decrease)          Increase/
                                                                             in US$ or            in profit       (decrease)
                                                                             HK$/RMB           before tax           in equity
                                                                                    %            RMB’000            RMB’000


         31 December 2020

         If the RMB weakens against US$                                           (5)%           (251,544)          (251,544)
         If the RMB strengthens against US$                                         5%            251,544            251,544
         If the RMB weakens against HK$                                           (5)%            127,427           (127,427)
         If the RMB strengthens against HK$                                         5%           (127,427)           127,427


         31 December 2019

         If the RMB weakens against US$                                           (5)%             (68,613)           (68,613)
         If the RMB strengthens against US$                                        5%               68,613             68,613
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 172       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


46. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (c) Credit risk
           The Group divides financial instruments on the basis of shared credit risk characteristics, such as instrument
           type and credit risk ratings for the purpose of determining significant increases in credit risk and calculation of
           impairment. To manage risk arising from trade receivables, the Group has policies in place to ensure that credit
           terms are made only to counterparties with an appropriate credit history and management performs ongoing
           credit evaluations of the Group’s counterparties. The credit quality of these customers is assessed, taking
           into account their financial position, past experience and other factors. The Group also has other monitoring
           procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue receivables. In addition, the Group
           reviews regularly the recoverable amount of trade receivables to ensure that adequate impairment losses are
           made for irrecoverable amounts. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk, with exposure
           spread over a large number of counterparties and customers.

           Management makes periodic collective assessments for financial assets included in prepayments, other
           receivables and other assets and amounts due from related parties as well as individual assessments on the
           recoverability of other receivables and amounts due from related parties based on historical settlement records
           and past experience. The Group classified financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and
           other assets and amounts due from related parties in Stage 1 and continuously monitored their credit risk. The
           directors of the Company believe that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding balance
           of financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets and amounts due from related
           parties.

           Maximum exposure and year-end staging
           The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
           policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or
           effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2020. The amounts presented are gross carrying
           amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee contracts.
                                              RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020       173



                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                     31 December 2020


46. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   (c) Credit risk (Continued)
       As at 31 December 2020

                                         12-month
                                             ECLs                 Lifetime ECLs
                                                                            Simplified
                                          Stage 1     Stage 2    Stage 3    approach         Total
                                         RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


       Trade receivables*                        –          –          –       24,191       24,191
       Financial assets included
          in prepayments and
          other receivables
       – Normal**                        3,086,144          –          –            –     3,086,144
       Due from related parties          7,314,208          –          –            –     7,314,208
       Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss          144,108           –          –            –      144,108
       Restricted cash
       – Not yet past due                5,420,396          –          –            –     5,420,396
       Pledged deposits
       – Not yet past due                 438,433           –          –            –      438,433
       Cash and cash equivalents
       – Not yet past due               20,732,123          –          –            –    20,732,123


                                        37,135,412          –          –       24,191    37,159,603
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 174       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


46. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (c) Credit risk (Continued)
           As at 31 December 2019

                                                                      12-month
                                                                          ECLs                                  Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                           Simplified
                                                                       Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3     approach                    Total
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000                  RMB’000


           Trade receivables*                                                     –                  –                   –          25,360             25,360
           Financial assets included
              in prepayments and
              other receivables
           – Normal**                                                2,541,322                       –                   –                 –       2,541,322
           Due from related parties                                  7,815,085                       –                   –                 –       7,815,085
           Financial assets at fair value
              through profit or loss                                    315,690                      –                   –                 –         315,690
           Restricted cash
           – Not yet past due                                        3,762,566                       –                   –                 –       3,762,566
           Pledged deposits
           – Not yet past due                                           418,642                      –                   –                 –         418,642
           Cash and cash equivalents
           – Not yet past due                                        9,218,547                       –                   –                 –       9,218,547


                                                                    24,071,852                       –                   –          25,360       24,097,212


           *       For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the expected credit losses
                   is disclosed in note 22 to the financial statements. There is no significant concentration of credit risk.


           **      The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when
                   they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                   recognition.
                                                      RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020               175



                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2020


46. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   (d) Liquidity risk
       The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of
       interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, corporate bonds, senior notes and proceeds from asset-backed
       securities. Cash flows are being closely monitored on an ongoing basis.

       The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
       contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                               Less than        3 to 12       Over 1
                                               On demand       3 months         months          year           Total
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


       31 December 2020:
       Trade and bills payables                 12,922,569              –             –             –     12,922,569
       Other payables                            2,515,757              –             –             –      2,515,757
       Due to related parties                    4,604,199              –             –             –      4,604,199
       Lease liabilities                                 –          5,138        12,096         9,644         26,878
       Interest-bearing bank and
          other borrowings                               –      1,354,355     5,704,655    32,953,931     40,012,941
       Proceeds from asset-backed securities             –        101,645       859,698     4,408,748      5,370,091
       Senior notes                                      –        181,474     2,001,105     3,819,921      6,002,500
       Corporate bonds                                   –        469,987     4,681,600     6,813,465     11,965,052


                                                20,042,525      2,112,599    13,259,154    48,005,709     83,419,987


       31 December 2019:
       Trade and bills payables                  8,423,085              –             –             –      8,423,085
       Other payables                            3,300,649              –             –             –      3,300,649
       Due to related parties                    4,900,333              –             –             –      4,900,333
       Lease liabilities                                 –          7,481        16,041        16,119         39,641
       Interest-bearing bank and
          other borrowings                               –      2,111,120    13,858,555    21,259,178     37,228,853
       Proceeds from asset-backed securities             –        112,798     1,295,073     2,628,619      4,036,490
       Senior notes                                      –              –       204,926     1,948,976      2,153,902
       Corporate bonds                                   –        138,492     4,497,550     5,668,637     10,304,679


                                                16,624,067      2,369,891    19,872,145    31,521,529     70,387,632
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 176       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


46. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (e) Capital management
           The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
           going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’
           value.

           The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
           conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to
           shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.

           The Group monitors capital using a net gearing ratio, which is based on total indebtedness less cash and bank
           balances divided by total equity at the end of the year and multiplied by 100%. Total indebtedness represents
           total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, corporate bonds and senior notes. The net gearing ratios as at
           the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


           Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                          35,602,436        33,445,565
           Proceeds from asset-backed securities                                                3,461,371          4,582,640
           Corporate bonds                                                                      9,414,568          9,302,662
           Senior notes                                                                         5,295,617          1,740,198
           Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                    (20,732,123)        (9,218,547)
           Restricted cash                                                                     (5,420,396)        (3,762,566)
           Pledged deposits                                                                      (438,433)          (418,642)


           Net debt                                                                            27,183,040        35,671,310


           Total equity                                                                        36,112,406        21,379,202


           Net gearing ratio                                                                         75%               167%



47. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     No information is received after the reporting period about conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period.
                                                         RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 177



                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2020


48. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


   NON-CURRENT ASSETS
   Investments in subsidiaries                                                                        1                     –


   Total non-current assets                                                                           1                     –


   CURRENT ASSETS
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    12,484                      –
   Due from subsidiaries                                                                     2,254,319                      –


   Total current assets                                                                      2,266,803                      –


   CURRENT LIABILITIES
   Other payables and accruals                                                                   3,622                 17


   Total current liabilities                                                                     3,622                 17


   NET CURRENT ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)                                                          2,263,181                (17)


   TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                     2,263,182                (17)


   Net assets                                                                                2,263,182                (17)


   EQUITY
   Share capital                                                                                35,095                  –
   Reserves                                                                                  2,228,087                (17)


   Total equity                                                                              2,263,182                (17)
           RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
 178       ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2020


48. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

     A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                  Share           Share    Accumulated
                                                                 capital       premium          losses           Total
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


     Balance at 17 October 2019 (date of incorporation),
        31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                            –               –             (17)            (17)
     Total comprehensive income for the year                           –               –        638,029         638,029
     Issuance of new shares                                       35,095       2,297,175               –      2,332,270
     Dividends and distributions                                       –               –       (707,100)       (707,100)


     Balance at 31 December 2020                                  35,095       2,297,175        (69,088)      2,263,182



49. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 19 March 2021.
                                                                RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020           179



                                                                                          Financial Summary
                                                                                                                           ﻿


CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

                                                                              For the year ended 31 December
                                                                    2020                2019             2018         2017
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


Revenue                                                         34,875,174        25,963,108       15,971,183    11,776,599
Cost of sales                                                  (27,162,266)      (20,300,888)     (11,145,666)    (7,984,939)


Gross profit                                                    7,712,908         5,662,220         4,825,517     3,791,660

Finance Income                                                      95,302           100,431          213,893       268,686
Other income and gains                                             436,406           187,641           68,577         19,721
Selling and distribution expenses                               (1,152,834)         (771,495)        (519,332)     (434,319)
Administrative expenses                                         (1,196,128)         (988,052)        (795,006)     (596,821)
Finance costs                                                     (525,246)         (494,863)        (571,509)     (344,564)
Other expenses                                                     (80,592)           (49,065)       (101,646)       (34,655)
Fair value gains on investment properties                          437,006           480,869          616,536       317,755
Fair value gains or loss from financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                                              (77)             (266)           3,102           268
Share of profits and losses of:
Joint ventures                                                     992,533          510,165           (24,121)      426,721
Associates                                                        (182,519)          (68,769)         (65,674)       54,329


Profit before tax                                                6,536,759         4,568,816        3,650,337     3,468,781
Income tax expense                                              (2,717,686)       (1,878,828)      (1,350,460)   (1,247,438)


Profit for the year                                             3,819,073         2,689,988         2,299,877     2,221,343


Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                                            3,127,526         2,508,068         2,007,939     2,030,835
Non-controlling interests                                         691,547           181,920           291,938       190,508


                                                                3,819,073         2,689,988         2,299,877     2,221,343
               RADIANCE HOLDINGS (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
    180        ANNUAL REPORT 2020




Financial Summary
﻿


CONSOLIDATED ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                        2020          2019            2018       2017
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000


Assets
Non-current assets                                 23,216,150    19,698,717     18,381,164   15,501,726
Current assets                                    162,445,338   129,645,846    102,231,219   71,257,908


Total assets                                      185,661,488   149,344,563    120,612,383   86,759,634

Equity and liabilities
Total equity                                       36,112,406    21,379,202     17,532,190   14,596,775
Non-current liabilities                            36,938,270    32,676,990     22,600,859   23,283,154
Current liabilities                               112,610,812    95,288,371     80,479,334   48,879,705


Total liabilities                                 149,549,082   127,965,361    103,080,193   72,162,859

Total equity and liabilities                      185,661,488   149,344,563    120,612,383   86,759,634
