      MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED

             ABN 28 008 988 547

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT

   HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
CORPORATE DIRECTORY
Directors                                  Controlled Entities
Robert Velletri                            Monadelphous Engineering Associates Pty Ltd
Chair                                      Monadelphous Engineering Pty Ltd
                                           Monadelphous Properties Pty Ltd
Zoran Bebic                                Monadelphous Workforce Pty Ltd
Managing Director                          Genco Pty Ltd
                                           Monadelphous Electrical & Instrumentation Pty Ltd
Susan Lee Murphy AO                        Monadelphous PNG Ltd
Lead Independent Non-Executive Director    Monadelphous Holdings Pty Ltd
                                           Moway International Limited
Dietmar Robert Voss                        Inteforge Pty Ltd
Independent Non-Executive Director         Moway AustAsia Steel Structures Trading (Beijing) Company Limited
                                           Monadelphous Group Limited Employee Share Trust
Helen Jane Gillies                         Monadelphous KT Pty Ltd
Independent Non-Executive Director         Monadelphous Energy Services Pty Ltd
                                           Monadelphous Mongolia LLC
Enrico Buratto                             M Workforce Pty Ltd
Independent Non-Executive Director         M&ISS Pty Ltd
                                           M Maintenance Services Pty Ltd
Company Secretaries                        Monadelphous NPI Pty Ltd
Philip Trueman                             Monadelphous Investments Pty Ltd
Kristy Glasgow                             MWOG Pty Ltd
                                           Arc West Group Pty Ltd
Principal Registered Office in Australia   MOAG Pty Ltd
59 Albany Highway                          Monadelphous International Holdings Pty Ltd
Victoria Park                              MMW Projects Pty Ltd
Western Australia 6100                     RIG Installations (Newcastle) Pty Ltd
Telephone: +61 8 9316 1255                 R E & M Services Pty Ltd
Facsimile:    +61 8 9316 1950              Pilbara Rail Services Pty Ltd
Website:      www.monadelphous.com.au      EC Projects Pty Ltd
                                           Monadelphous Chile SpA
Postal Address                             Inteforge Engineering & Fabrication (Tianjin) Co. Ltd
PO Box 600                                 Monadelphous RTW Pty Ltd
Victoria Park                              BMC Holdings (Vic) Pty Ltd
Western Australia 6979                     BMC Welding & Construction Pty Ltd
                                           BMC HV Electrical & Instrumentation Pty Ltd
Share Registry                             Melchor Contracting Pty Ltd
Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd    High Energy Service Pty Ltd
Level 17, 221 St George’s Terrace          High Energy Service Group Pty Ltd
Perth                                      Kerman Contracting Pty Ltd
Western Australia 6000                     Australian Power Industry Partners Pty Ltd
Telephone: 1300 364 961
Facsimile:    +61 8 9473 2500


ASX Code
MND – Fully Paid Ordinary Shares
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Your Directors submit their report for the half-year ended 31 December 2025.
DIRECTORS
The names and details of the directors of the Company in office during the half-year and until the date of this report
are:
Robert Velletri                              Chair
                                             Appointed as Director 26 August 1992
                                             Appointed as Managing Director on 30 May 2003 and ceased as
                                             Managing Director following his appointment as Chair on 22
                                             November 2022
                                             Mechanical Engineer, Member of the Institution of Engineers Australia
                                             46 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                             industry
Zoran Bebic                                  Managing Director
                                             Appointed as Managing Director 22 November 2022
                                             Certified Practising Accountant, Fellow Member of CPA Australia
                                             32 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                             industry
Susan Lee Murphy AO                          Lead Independent Non-Executive Director
                                             Appointed 11 June 2019
                                             Civil Engineer, Honorary Fellow of the Institution of Engineers Australia
                                             46 years experience in the resources and infrastructure industries
                                             Also a non-executive director of the following other publicly listed entities:
                                             Austal Limited (ASX: ASB) – appointed 1 September 2025
                                             MMA Offshore Limited (ASX: MRM) – appointed 30 April 2021, resigned
                                             26 July 2024
                                             RemSense Technologies Limited (ASX: REM) – appointed 17 May 2023,
                                             resigned 21 February 2024

Dietmar Robert Voss                          Independent Non-Executive Director
                                             Appointed 10 March 2014
                                             Chemical Engineer, Member of the Australian Institute of Company
                                             Directors
                                             51 years experience in the energy, and mining and minerals industries

Helen Jane Gillies                           Independent Non-Executive Director
                                             Appointed 5 September 2016
                                             Solicitor, Master of Business Administration and Construction Law,
                                             Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors
                                             29 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                             industry
                                             Also a non-executive director of the following other publicly listed entities:
                                             Yancoal Australia Limited (ASX:YAL) – appointed 30 January 2018,
                                             resigned 9 February 2024
                                             Aurelia Metals Limited (ASX:AMI) – appointed 21 January 2021,
                                             resigned 31 January 2024

Enrico Buratto                               Independent Non-Executive Director
                                             Appointed 11 October 2021
                                             Civil Engineer, Fellow of the Institution of Engineers Australia
                                             50 years experience in the construction and engineering services industry



                                                          1
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
COMPANY SECRETARIES
Philip Trueman                               Company Secretary and Chief Financial Officer
                                             Appointed 21 December 2007
                                             Chartered Accountant, Member of Chartered Accountants Australia and
                                             New Zealand
                                             25 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                             industry

Kristy Glasgow                               Company Secretary
                                             Appointed 8 December 2014
                                             Chartered Accountant, Member of Chartered Accountants Australia and
                                             New Zealand
                                             20 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                             industry


NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

Services

Monadelphous is a diversified services company operating in the resources, energy and infrastructure industry sector.

Services provided include:
    • Large-scale multidisciplinary and vertically integrated project management and construction services
    • Earthworks
    • Structural concrete and inground services
    • Fabrication
    • Modularisation
    • Structural, mechanical and piping
    • Heavy lift
    • Electrical and instrumentation
    • Commissioning
    • Demolition
    • Design and construction of non-process infrastructure
    • Balance-of-plant design and construction of renewable energy developments
    • High-voltage electrical construction and maintenance services
    • Mechanical and electrical maintenance
    • Shutdowns
    • Sustaining capital works
    • Fixed plant maintenance services
    • Access solutions
    • Specialist coatings
    • Rail maintenance services

General

Monadelphous operates from major offices in Perth and Brisbane, with regional offices in Newcastle, Beijing
(China), Ulaanbaatar (Mongolia) and Manila (Philippines), and a network of workshop facilities in Kalgoorlie,
Karratha, Port Hedland, Newman, Tom Price, Darwin, Roxby Downs, Gladstone, Hunter Valley, Mackay, Bibra
Lake, Bunbury, Capel, Chinchilla, Morwell, Wangara and Vung Tau City (Vietnam).

The consolidated entity’s revenue is earned predominantly from the resources, energy and infrastructure industry
sector. There have been no significant changes in the nature of those activities during the period.


                                                         2
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
OPERATING RESULTS
The consolidated entity’s profit attributable to equity holders of the parent after providing for income tax for the half-
year was $64.883 million (2024: $42.513 million).


DIVIDENDS PAID OR PROPOSED
A 49 cent fully franked interim dividend has been approved by the directors, payable on 27 March 2026 (2025: 33
cent interim dividend). A final fully franked dividend of $38,718,571 was paid during the period in respect of the
financial year ended 30 June 2025.


REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
                                                                     Half-year ended                Half-year ended
                                                                   31 December 2025               31 December 2024
                                                                               $’000                          $’000
Revenue from contracts with customers                                        1,436,223                      1,018,835

Profit after income tax attributable to equity holders of the
parent                                                                          64,883                         42,513




                                                            3
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors of Monadelphous Group Limited are pleased to report the Company’s financial results for the half-
year ended 31 December 2025.

FINANCIAL RESULTS

Revenue

Monadelphous reported a record revenue for the half year of $1.53 billion1, representing a 45.6 per cent increase on
the prior corresponding period.

Operating conditions were strong across all sectors, with activity levels supported by the record level of work secured
during the previous financial year.

The Engineering Construction division delivered revenue of $677.8 million1 for the six months, an increase of around
67 per cent on the prior corresponding period. Revenue growth was supported by service expansion and growing
capability in end-to-end delivery, particularly from Melchor’s civil capability and Inteforge’s fabrication services.

The Maintenance and Industrial Services division reported a record half year revenue result of $852 million, up 32.1
per cent on the prior corresponding period. The result reflects an increase in turnaround activity and brownfields
project work in the energy sector, together with sustained strong demand from iron ore customers.

Zenviron, the Company’s renewable energy business, also experienced increased activity from larger wind and
battery energy storage projects. Statutory revenue from contracts with customers, which excludes Monadelphous’
share of revenue from joint ventures, was $1.436 billion.

Earnings

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) was $116.2 million2, an increase of 45.6 per
cent on the prior corresponding period, delivering an EBITDA margin of 7.59 per cent.

Strong operational performance across the board resulted in a 52.6 per cent increase in earnings compared to the prior
corresponding period. Net profit after tax for the six months was $64.9 million, delivering earnings per share of 65.2
cents.

Dividend

Monadelphous’ Board of Directors declared an interim dividend of 49 cents per share fully franked. The
Monadelphous Group Limited Dividend Reinvestment Plan will apply to the interim dividend.

Balance sheet

The Company ended the half year with a cash balance of $322 million. Cash at bank was boosted by a number of
material advances received during the period associated with recently awarded construction contracts. The cash
balance also included $22.5 million from the acquisition of Kerman Contracting which is owed to the vendors under
the terms of the acquisition. The majority of this amount is to be paid before the end of the current financial year.

Increased activity levels within the business in the months leading up to 30 June 2025 resulted in a significant increase
in receivables at that date. The subsequent collection of these balances contributed to a very strong cash flow from
operations of $171.1 million. As a result, the cash flow conversion rate for the six months ended 31 December 2025
was 186 per cent.

Monadelphous’ strong balance sheet continues to support investment in strategic growth opportunities that will
deliver long-term business sustainability and the creation of value for shareholders.

1
    Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue – refer to page 14 for reconciliation.
2
    Refer to page 14 for reconciliation of EBITDA
                                                                                            4
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
STRATEGIC PROGRESS

Monadelphous has secured a healthy $1.4 billion in new contracts and contract extensions since the beginning of the
2026 financial year.

Western Australia’s iron ore sector continued to experience strong demand for construction and maintenance services
during the period, with more than $1 billion of contracts and extensions secured with blue-chip customers Rio Tinto
and BHP.

The Company secured a major multidisciplinary construction contract with BHP associated with the Jimblebar Train
Loadout Replacement Project, located near Newman in the Pilbara region of Western Australia (WA). The scope of
the contract includes structural, mechanical, piping and electrical and instrumentation works, with earthworks and
civil services to be delivered by Melchor, and fabrication and procurement to be provided by Inteforge.

Monadelphous was also awarded a major construction contract with Rio Tinto associated with the Brockman
Syncline 1 iron ore development in the Pilbara. The integrated multidisciplinary contract, valued at approximately
$250 million, includes fabrication and supply, detailed concrete and earthworks, structural, mechanical, piping and
electrical and instrumentation works for the construction of a new primary crusher and overland conveyor, as well as
modifications to existing plant.

Subsequent to the half year end, the Company secured a major construction contract with BHP associated with a car
dumper project located at Finucane Island in Port Hedland. The contract, valued at approximately $175 million,
includes civil, structural, mechanical, piping and electrical works associated with the replacement of key equipment
during a planned major shutdown.

Monadelphous was also awarded a five-year maintenance services contract with Rio Tinto totalling approximately
$300 million. Under the contract, the Company will continue to provide fixed plant and shutdown services and deliver
generalist mechanical and access services across Rio Tinto’s iron ore operations in the Pilbara region.

The Company continues to provide multidisciplinary services to BHP's Pilbara iron ore mines, ports and rail facilities.
During the period, it secured a three-year extension to its maintenance master services agreement across BHP’s
operations in the Pilbara, as well as being reappointed to the Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) Site Engineering
Panel for a further two years.

Monadelphous expanded its customer base in the energy sector with the award of a four-year contract with BW
Offshore Australia Management to provide multidisciplinary maintenance services at the BW Opal Floating
Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO) facility, located approximately 300 kilometres north-northwest of
Darwin, Northern Territory (NT).

The Company also secured a contract with Technip Energies for the provision of multidisciplinary services associated
with the hook up and commissioning of Shell’s Crux platform off the coast of WA. The platform is located around
160 kilometres from Shell’s Prelude Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG) facility and forms part of the long-term
backfill to Prelude.

Zenviron, the Company’s renewable energy joint venture, continued to strengthen its market position and was
awarded a contract with Flow Power for the delivery of the Bennetts Creek Battery Energy Storage System (BESS)
in the Latrobe Valley, Victoria. The work, which includes balance-of-plant design, construction, installation and
commissioning, is expected to be completed in late 2027.

In November 2025, Monadelphous acquired Perth-based Kerman Contracting, a design and construction business
specialising in non-process infrastructure. Kerman has averaged approximately $100 million of revenue per annum
over recent years and has a long-established reputation for the successful delivery of site infrastructure and
accommodation, bulk storage and materials handling facilities in the resources, agriculture, and transport and port

                                                          5
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
infrastructure sectors. The acquisition further broadens Monadelphous’ delivery capability, enabling the provision of
non-process infrastructure design and construction services across both existing and new market sectors.

The Company continued to progress its markets and growth strategy related to the energy transition with the
acquisition of Australian Power Industry Partners (APIP), a high-voltage electrical contractor based in Milton,
Queensland. APIP is a specialist provider of end-to-end high-voltage solutions, including design management,
procurement, construction, and renewals of power transmission, distribution and substation infrastructure. APIP
supports utilities, resources and renewable energy customers across Queensland, and has also delivered projects in
New South Wales (NSW) and WA.

In addition, on 1 July 2025, Monadelphous completed the acquisition of Perth-based high voltage services business,
High Energy Service (HES), further strengthening the Company’s existing electrical services capability.

SUSTAINABILITY

Monadelphous is committed to the delivery of long-term sustainable growth. The Company’s Sustainability
Framework guides this commitment, with the key areas of focus being people, safety and wellbeing, diversity and
inclusion, community and environment.

People

Monadelphous’ total workforce (including subcontractors) at 31 December 2025 was 8,389 people, reflecting
sustained high levels of maintenance and construction activity. The Company remains focused on the retention,
development and attraction of talented employees who are aligned to its values and who actively contribute to its
ongoing success.

Monadelphous continues to invest in the development of its leadership capability, execution capacity and future talent
pipeline. During the period, around 150 emerging leaders participated in an enhanced suite of leadership and
mentoring programs, with approximately 340 graduates, undergraduates, apprentices and trainees participating in
Monadelphous’ early career programs.

The Company’s registered training organisation engaged over 5,000 trades personnel with more than 6,500 training
interactions during the period, including high-risk work license training accreditation and verification of competency.

Monadelphous continued its commitment to fostering safe, inclusive and resilient communities across its operational
footprint. Aligned with its Respect@Monadelphous behavioural framework and the Company’s Gender Diversity
and Inclusion initiatives, the Company maintained its partnership with 4Voices, a Brisbane based organisation,
providing essential services to women experiencing, or at risk of, family and domestic violence.

The Company also strengthened its long-standing partnership with the Starick Foundation, its primary community
partner in WA, hosting events to increase awareness of domestic and family violence and supporting Starick’s
corporate fundraising activities.

Employee health and wellbeing remained a priority, with the continued provision of complimentary skin checks and
resources supporting physical, mental and emotional wellbeing.

Safety and Wellbeing

Monadelphous’ High Potential Incident Frequency Rate returned to historically low levels and the 12-month Total
Recordable Injury Frequency Rate at 31 December 2025 was 4.34 incidents per million hours worked, a slight
decrease to that of 30 June 2025.



                                                          6
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Company continues to implement targeted campaigns to drive improved performance in line with its guiding
safety principle, The Safe Way is the Only Way. The ongoing delivery of the Fatal Risk Awareness program is focused
on strengthening the identification, elimination and mitigation of fatal hazards, particularly addressing risks
associated with pedestrian interactions with mobile plant, active hazard monitoring and verification of controls during
high-risk tasks.

To further strengthen fatal risk controls, Monadelphous undertook a comprehensive review of forklift operations
across the business. The review assessed existing procedures and implemented a range of improvements aimed at
preventing loss of control of loads and no-go zones associated with pedestrian interactions with mobile plant. The
Company also reviewed the effectiveness and efficiency of competency assessments for high-risk work, sharpening
the focus on fatal risks by streamlining processes associated with low-risk activities. The Company also continued
the use of drone technology for high-risk inspections, reducing risk by eliminating the need for employees to enter
confined spaces.

Monadelphous’s commitment to safety and wellbeing continued to be recognised externally. The Company was
awarded the 2025 AREEA Mental Health and Wellbeing Award for its Wellbeing Supporter Program, a peer-led
initiative that fosters onsite environments where mental health conversations are encouraged.

Reflecting its innovative approach to safety, Monadelphous was named a finalist in both the Technology and
Engineering categories at the Workplace Health and Safety Foundation Awards of Excellence, with Alevro
recognised as a finalist in the Department of Energy, Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety (DEMIRS) Work Health
and Safety Excellence Awards 2025 – Work Health and Safety Invention of the Year.

Further recognition was received at the Gladstone Engineering Alliance Awards, where Monadelphous achieved
three awards including the Safety Excellence Award, the Beale Culture Award and the Wayne Peachey Memorial
Award, presented to an individual employee.

Diversity and Inclusion, Community and Environment

Monadelphous is committed to leaving a positive legacy in the communities in which it operates, strengthening
diversity and inclusion across its workplaces and progressing towards its Net Zero by 2050 goal.

Monadelphous’ Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander workforce participation rate at 31 December 2025 was 3.3 per
cent. This outcome reflects the Company’s focus on creating sustainable employment pathways and the delivery of
meaningful training and development opportunities for Indigenous Australians.

Career pathways were supported through traineeships, apprenticeships and the Indigenous Pathways Program in
partnership with Rio Tinto. To date, more than 40 participants have successfully committed to qualifications through
the program, with several more employees expected to graduate in early 2026.

We progressed the renewal of our Stretch Reconciliation Action Plan, continuing to focus on Indigenous
employment, training and development, and supporting Indigenous business.

Spend with Indigenous businesses continued to grow with approximately $20 million spent with Indigenous suppliers
over the six months, more than double the spend in the prior corresponding period. Supplier engagement levels
remained strong and continued to deliver meaningful outcomes across the business and local communities.

Monadelphous continues to promote development opportunities for women across the business. These efforts were
recognised externally, with a number of its employees honoured at industry awards, including finalist recognition at
the BHP Women in Resources National Awards, and a category win at the Gladstone Engineering Alliance Awards.

The Company remains committed to supporting local communities. During the period, Monadelphous expanded its
Community Grants Program to include Gladstone in Queensland, Roxby Downs in South Australia (SA), and

                                                          7
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Kalgoorlie, Newman and Port Hedland in WA. These additions build on the existing program in Darwin, NT, and
Karratha and Bunbury in WA.

Monadelphous also launched its inaugural ‘Local Legends’ campaign to recognise and celebrate the positive impact
its employees make within their communities. The campaign showcases these contributions and encourages
colleagues to nominate and acknowledge exceptional community involvement.

Progress continued toward the Company’s Net Zero emissions goal with ongoing investment in environmentally
responsible solutions, and the expanded rollout of electric and hybrid vehicles across WA and Queensland. The
Company also advanced plans for the implementation of a battery and solar system for its marine operations at Cape
Lambert, WA.

Monadelphous remains committed to transitioning its Australian facilities to renewable power by 2030. During the
period, a solar system was installed at the workshop in Darwin, NT. Plans have been developed to transition facilities
in Gladstone in Queensland, Mt Thorley in NSW, and Capel in WA.

Preparation continued for the Company’s first year of reporting under Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard
AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures. Implementation of the Company’s greenhouse gas reporting solution also
progressed to support compliance with the new disclosure requirements.

PRODUCTIVITY AND INNOVATION

Monadelphous is committed to identifying and implementing innovative solutions that create a safer workplace,
improve productivity and deliver optimal value for customers.

The Company’s culture encourages employees to develop ideas and identify opportunities to continuously improve
safety and productivity. A strong focus is placed on maintaining an awareness of industry trends and innovative
technologies that can positively impact operational performance.

During the period, Monadelphous implemented an innovative ventilation solution to enable multiple tank confined
space entries that were previously prohibited due to safety constraints. By utilising existing infrastructure, a direct
ventilation solution eliminated cross-contamination risks and enabled simultaneous tank work without relying on
traditional controls. The solution was approved by the offshore regulator, the National Offshore Petroleum Safety
and Environmental Management Authority (NOPSEMA), and delivered substantial cost savings, exemplifying
innovation that enhances both safety and productivity.

Monadelphous also deployed a bespoke forklift load securing device, ‘ForkSure’, providing additional security and
restraints to loads during transport. This innovation supports the Company’s health, safety and environment risk
requirements and strengthens the management of fatal risks associated with load and lifting operations, offering a
cost-effective and user-friendly improvement in safety.

The Company also developed the Drill Rig Dust Containment Box to reduce airborne dust exposure risks during
drilling activities. The solution captures hazardous dust and debris at the source through engineered access ports and
vacuum integration, significantly reducing exposure risks for personnel working in close proximity.

Alevro was recognised for its innovative approach to the Pluto Train 2 Project, one of Australia’s largest and most
technically demanding heavy haul operations, receiving multiple awards from the Crane Industry Council of
Australia, including Project of the Year and the People’s Choice Award.

The Company continues to actively monitor and harness emerging technologies to advance innovation, safety and
productivity. This includes ensuring that appropriate governance structures are in place to guide the safe, ethical and
effective use of Artificial Intelligence (AI), positioning Monadelphous to benefit from AI's transformative potential.


                                                          8
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
OPERATIONAL ACTIVITY

Engineering Construction

Monadelphous’ Engineering Construction division reported revenue of $677.8 million3 for the six months, an
increase of 67.2 per cent on the prior corresponding period.

Demand for construction services was strong across all sectors, particularly in iron ore and energy, with a greater
revenue contribution from vertically integrated construction projects and higher levels of major project activity within
Zenviron.

The division has secured approximately $770 million of new contracts since 1 July 2025, including several major
multidisciplinary construction contracts.

Monadelphous experienced high levels of construction activity across the WA iron ore sector, supporting blue chip
customers Rio Tinto, BHP and Fortescue. Work was successfully completed at BHP’s Car Dumper 3 Renewal Project
at Nelson Point in Port Hedland and Orebody 32 in Newman, and shutdown and miscellaneous services were
delivered at Rio Tinto’s Western Range Project in Paraburdoo. Heavy lift services continued to be provided at
Fortescue’s Pilbara iron ore sites.

The Company commenced works on a major multidisciplinary construction contract with BHP associated with the
Jimblebar Train Loadout Replacement Project near Newman, with completion expected in late 2027. BHP also
awarded Monadelphous a significant iron ore construction contract associated with a car dumper project at Finucane
Island in Port Hedland.

The Company also secured a number of packages of work with Rio Tinto during the period, including a major
multidisciplinary construction contract associated with the Brockman Syncline 1 iron ore development, and an
electrical and instrumentation package at Rio Tinto’s Parker Point Stockyard Sustaining Project near Dampier.

Monadelphous progressed work on a multidisciplinary construction contract at BHP’s Prominent Hill Expansion
Project, SA, and completed work at Talison Lithium’s Greenbushes site in the southwest of WA. The Company also
completed electrical and instrumentation works for McConnell Dowell Constructors and B.M.D. Constructions Joint
Venture associated with the Fitzroy to Gladstone Pipeline in Central Queensland.

Melchor progressed structural concrete construction works for Saipem Clough Joint Venture at Project Ceres,
Perdaman Industries’ urea plant located near Dampier, WA, with Alevro providing heavy haulage services to the
project. Melchor also continued work on the Geraldton Port Maximisation Project in WA, a contract with Mid-West
Ports Authority.

In the energy sector, construction works progressed on modifications to the existing Woodside-operated Pluto
Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Train 1 facility near Karratha, WA, with Alevro also providing specialist haulage and
lifting services to other Woodside-operated facilities in the region. Additionally, work continued at Chevron
Australia’s Jansz-Io Compression Project in WA, which includes the installation and modification of essential
electrical power and control infrastructure.

Inteforge continued to support Iluka’s Eneabba Rare Earths Refinery Project in WA with the supply and fabrication
of structural steelwork and pipe racks, and also secured a two-year extension to its master goods agreement with
Origin Energy for the supply of modularised equipment for Australia Pacific LNG in Queensland.




3
    Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue

                                                            9
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
In the renewable energy sector, Zenviron progressed the balance-of-plant design, construction, installation and
commissioning of the 350 MW Wooreen BESS for EnergyAustralia in the Latrobe Valley, Victoria, as well as the
balance-of-plant civil and electrical works at CS Energy’s Lotus Creek Wind Farm in Central Queensland.

Monadelphous also progressed work on the construction of Fortescue’s North Star Junction BESS, supporting
Fortescue's commitment to decarbonising its Pilbara operations.
Maintenance and Industrial Services

Monadelphous’ Maintenance and Industrial Services division reported revenue of $852 million for the half year, up
32.1 per cent on the prior corresponding period, with continued strong demand for maintenance services, particularly
in the energy and iron ore sectors.

Since the beginning of the financial year, the division has secured approximately $640 million in new contracts and
contract extensions.

The Company experienced significant demand from energy customers during the period, including INPEX,
Woodside and Shell.

Monadelphous delivered significant shutdown and other major works for INPEX, mobilising approximately 1,000
personnel across offshore and onshore facilities over the six-month period. High levels of activity continued at the
INPEX-operated Ichthys LNG onshore processing facilities in Darwin, NT, as well as at the Ichthys Explorer central
processing facility and the Ichthys Venturer floating production storage and offloading (FPSO) facility in the Browse
Basin, WA.

The Company continued to provide ongoing maintenance and turnaround services to Woodside’s onshore and
offshore gas production facilities in WA’s north-west, with preparations underway for major shutdown activity in
2026. Monadelphous also commenced planning work associated with the hook up and commissioning of Woodside’s
Floating Production Unit in the Scarborough Gas Field, off the Pilbara coast of WA.

Maintenance and minor construction services continued at Shell’s Prelude FLNG facility off the coast of WA, along
with planning and preparation for a major turnaround scheduled in 2026. Monadelphous also continued to provide
maintenance and construction services for Shell QGC’s Curtis Island LNG operations in Gladstone, Queensland.

The Company completed decommissioning services for Petrofac on the Northern Endeavour FPSO facility, with the
vessel moving off station during the period.

WA’s iron ore sector continued to drive strong demand for maintenance services, with Monadelphous providing
fixed plant maintenance services and sustaining capital projects to Rio Tinto, fixed plant services to Fortescue and
general maintenance services to BHP.

The Company was awarded a contract with Rio Tinto under its marine structural integrity works master agreement
for the replacement of a section of roadway, inclusive of structural steel and concrete, at Cape Lambert Wharf, and
secured a 12-month extension providing marine infrastructure maintenance and minor projects at Rio Tinto’s Cape
Lambert and Dampier ports. Monadelphous was also awarded a contract for modifications to the existing process
plant associated with the Hope Downs 2 project, and continued to deliver fabrication, supply, installation and
commissioning services at the Tom Price mine, as well as multidisciplinary construction services at Brockman 4 for
an ammonium nitrate storage facility.

The Company also progressed structural remediation works at Rio Tinto’s Paraburdoo, Marandoo and Western
Turner Syncline sites, with work commencing on the upgrade of the Rolling Stock Maintenance Workshop at
Fortescue’s Thomas Marshalling Yard in Port Hedland.



                                                         10
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Subsequent to the end of the period, Monadelphous was awarded a five-year contract to continue providing
maintenance services to Rio Tinto. Under the contract, which totals approximately $300 million, the Company will
provide fixed plant and shutdown services, delivering generalist mechanical and access services across Rio Tinto’s
iron ore operations in the Pilbara region of WA.

The Company secured a contract with BHP under its WAIO Asset Projects Framework Agreement for works at
Berths C and D at the Finucane Island port facilities in Port Hedland.

Monadelphous also secured a five-year extension to its existing contract providing general mechanical and electrical
maintenance services at Newmont’s gold operations in Boddington, WA, and Tanami, NT, where it has been
providing services since 2015.

The Company provided maintenance services across BHP’s operations at the Olympic Dam mine site in Roxby
Downs, SA, as well as securing a package of work under its Olympic Dam Construction Panel Framework Agreement
for the construction and installation of acid plant cooling towers.

In Papua New Guinea, Monadelphous continued to provide sustaining capital projects and maintenance support
activities at Newmont’s gold operations at Lihir Island, as well as Santos’ production and support facilities in the
Southern Highlands. Subsequent to period end, the Company also secured a contract with Santos for the demolition
and disposal of the Hegigio Pipeline Bridge, a 500-metre long suspended wire bridge, also located in the Southern
Highlands region. Work on the bridge is expected to be completed in the second half of 2026.

In WA’s south-west region, Monadelphous delivered shutdown and maintenance services, as well as minor project
works, at South32’s Worsley Alumina operations.

Other significant contract activity during the period included:
   • Mechanical maintenance services at Queensland Alumina Limited’s operations in Gladstone, Queensland;
   • Rope access and associated services for Dalrymple Bay Coal Terminal in Hay Point, Queensland;
   • Compressor station upgrade works at Jemena’s Eastern Gas Pipeline Reversal Project in Victoria;
   • Rail maintenance projects for Pacific National across WA, NSW and SA;
   • Maintenance services at BHP’s Mt Arthur Coal in the Hunter Valley, NSW;
   • Dragline shutdowns for BHP Mitsubishi Alliance and Whitehaven Coal in Central Queensland;
   • Operation and maintenance of the coal handling facility at the Muja Power Station for Synergy in Collie,
        WA; and
   • Ongoing mechanical, electrical and access maintenance services for fixed plant shutdowns at Rio Tinto’s
        Gove operations, NT.




                                                        11
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
MARKETS AND OUTLOOK4

Long-term demand in the resources and energy sectors is expected to remain strong, supported by an improved global
economic growth outlook, albeit against a backdrop of trade tariffs, geopolitical tensions and ongoing conflicts.

High production levels across most commodities continue to drive demand for sustaining capital works and
maintenance services. Iron ore prices remain firm, supporting current production rates and underpinning ongoing
investment in both new projects and existing operations across WA’s iron ore sector, with a continued focus on
productivity to maintain competitiveness.

The outlook for energy transition metals continues to strengthen, with battery metal prices recovering. Over the
medium- to long-term, development in the mining and mineral processing sector, particularly for copper, other base
metals and critical minerals, is expected to accelerate to meet growing demand, driving significant investment.

The energy sector continues to offer substantial opportunities, supported by multiple gas construction projects and
sustained demand for maintenance services. Monadelphous remains well positioned to support customers across the
full asset life cycle, including late-life operations and decommissioning.

Australia’s Net Zero emissions objective continues to drive long-term investment in energy generation, storage, and
transmission infrastructure, despite some constraints arising from planning approvals and network access.
Monadelphous is well positioned to capitalise on energy transition opportunities by leveraging its broad services
capability and expanding its high-voltage services offering, while Zenviron is well placed to secure further wind farm
and battery energy storage system projects. The Company will continue to support the resources and energy sector’s
decarbonisation programs, working collaboratively with customers and third-party energy providers to deliver a
growing pipeline of opportunities.

The Company’s committed pipeline remains strong, with more than $1.4 billion in new contracts secured since the
beginning of the financial year. Following record first-half revenue, full-year revenue for FY26 is currently forecast
to be approximately 30 per cent higher than the prior year, with 1H26 operating margins maintained.

Monadelphous remains committed to delivering quality earnings through a selective approach to new work,
collaborative customer relationships, high standards of execution, and a disciplined approach to the allocation of risk.
Supported by a strong balance sheet, the Company will continue to build and leverage its enhanced delivery
capability, including recent acquisitions, while maintaining the flexibility to pursue strategic opportunities that
support long-term sustainable growth.

In closing, I thank the entire Monadelphous team for their dedication and commitment, which are fundamental to our
continued growth and success. I also extend my gratitude to our customers, shareholders, and the many other
stakeholders for their ongoing trust and support.




4
 This document may provide forward-looking statements, including forecast financial information, relating to the future financial or operational performance of Monadelphous.
These statements are based on assumptions that are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors which may be outside the control of Monadelphous. Whilst due care and attention has
been taken in preparing the assumptions underlying any forward-looking statements in this document, actual results may vary.

                                                                                        12
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
ABN 28 008 988 547
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE DATE

Dividends Declared

On 23 February 2026, Monadelphous Group Limited declared an interim dividend on ordinary shares in respect of
the 2026 financial year. The total amount of the dividend is $49,012,741 which represents a fully franked interim
dividend of 49 cents per share. This dividend has not been provided for in the 31 December 2025 Financial
Statements. The Monadelphous Group Limited Dividend Reinvestment plan will apply to the dividend.

Other than the item noted above, there are no matters or circumstances that have arisen since the end of the half-year
ended 31 December 2025 which significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the consolidated
entity, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the consolidated entity in subsequent financial years.

AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS
ACT 2001

The auditor’s independence declaration is set out on page 15 and forms part of the Directors’ Report for the half-
year ended 31 December 2025.

ROUNDING

The amounts contained in this report and the half-year financial report have been rounded to the nearest $1,000
(where rounding is applicable) under the option available to the Company under ASIC Corporations (Rounding in
Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to which the legislative instrument
applies.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




R. Velletri
Chair
Perth, 23 February 2026




                                                           13
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED


Revenue including joint ventures is a non-IFRS measure which does not have any standardised meaning
prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to revenue presented by other companies. This
measure, which is unaudited, is important to management when used as an additional means to evaluate the
Company’s performance.

Reconciliation of Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers including joint ventures to Statutory
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (unaudited)

                                                          31 December 2025       31 December 2024
                                                                     $’000                  $’000

    Total revenue from contracts with customers
    including joint ventures                                       1,529,836              1,050,532
    Share of revenue from joint ventures 1                          (93,613)               (31,697)
    Statutory revenue from contracts with customers                1,436,223              1,018,835

    1
        Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the revenue from joint ventures accounted for
        using the equity method.

EBITDA is a non-IFRS earnings measure which does not have any standardised meaning prescribed by IFRS
and therefore may not be comparable to EBITDA presented by other companies. This measure, which is
unaudited, is important to management as an additional way to evaluate the Company’s performance.

Reconciliation of profit before income tax to EBITDA (unaudited)

                                                             31 December 2025    31 December 2024
                                                                        $’000               $’000

Profit before income tax                                                94,298               61,732
Interest expense on loans and hire purchase finance
 charges                                                                 1,086                 1,360
Interest expense on other lease liabilities                                674                   606
Interest revenue                                                       (2,940)               (4,992)
Depreciation of owned and hire purchase assets                         17,262                16,329
Depreciation of right of use assets                                      4,106                 4,068
Amortisation of intangibles                                                867                   410
Share of interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax
 of joint ventures 2                                                      797                   263
EBITDA                                                                116,150                79,776


2
    Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax of joint
    ventures accounted for using the equity method.




                                                        14
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                            9 The Esplanade                       Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843




Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of Monadelphous Group
Limited
As lead auditor for the review of the half-year financial report of Monadelphous Group Limited for the
half-year ended 31 December 2025, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have
been:

a.    No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
      relation to the review;

b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review; and

c.    No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
      relation to the review.

This declaration is in respect of Monadelphous Group Limited and the entities it controlled during the
financial period.




Ernst & Young




Pierre Dreyer
Partner
23 February 2026




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                            9 The Esplanade                       Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843




Independent auditor’s review report to the members of Monadelphous Group
Limited
Conclusion

We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated half-year financial report of
Monadelphous Group Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which
comprises the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the
condensed consolidated income statement, condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated
statement of cash flows for the half-year ended on that date, explanatory notes and the directors’
declaration.

Based on our review, which is not an audit, we have not become aware of any matter that makes us
believe that the half-year financial report of the Group does not comply with the Corporations Act
2001, including:

a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December
      2025 and of its consolidated financial performance for the half-year ended on that date; and

b.    Complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations
      Regulations 2001.

Basis for conclusion

We conducted our review in accordance with ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by
the Independent Auditor of the Entity (ASRE 2410). Our responsibilities are further described in the
Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to reviews of the half-year financial report of public interest
entities in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
Code.

Directors’ responsibilities for the half-year financial report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the half-year financial report that
gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations
Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of the half-year financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the half-year financial report based on our review.
ASRE 2410 requires us to conclude whether we have become aware of any matter that makes us
believe that the half-year financial report is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001
including giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2025 and its
performance for the half-year ended on that date, and complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134
Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

A review of a half-year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible
for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards
and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion.




Ernst & Young




Pierre Dreyer
Partner
Perth
23 February 2026




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED


DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION

In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of Monadelphous Group Limited, I state that:

In the opinion of the directors:

(a) the financial statements and notes of the consolidated entity are in accordance with the Corporations Act
    2001, including:

    (i)     giving a true and fair view of the financial position as at 31 December 2025 and the performance
            for the half-year ended on that date of the consolidated entity; and

    (ii)    complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 “Interim Financial Reporting” and the
            Corporations Regulations 2001; and

(b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they
    become due and payable.

On behalf of the Board




R. Velletri
Chair
Perth, 23 February 2026




                                                     18
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                            Notes     Half-year ended     Half-year ended
                                                                    31 December 2025    31 December 2024
                                                                                $’000               $’000

CONTINUING OPERATIONS

REVENUE                                                         3           1,439,163           1,023,827
Cost of services rendered                                                 (1,316,686)           (934,206)

GROSS PROFIT                                                                 122,477               89,621

Other income                                                    3               4,839               5,750
Business development and tender costs                                        (10,175)             (9,585)
Occupancy costs                                                               (1,704)             (1,788)
Administrative costs                                                         (23,530)            (22,234)
Finance costs                                                   3             (1,760)             (1,966)
Profit from joint ventures                                                      4,151               1,934

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD BEFORE TAX                                               94,298              61,732

Income tax expense                                                           (29,415)            (19,201)

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD AFTER TAX                                                64,883              42,531

ATTRIBUTABLE TO
EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                                   64,883              42,513
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                                                           -                  18
                                                                               64,883              42,531

Earnings per share:
•     Basic, profit for the period attributable to ordinary
      equity holders of the parent (cents per share)                            65.19               43.30
•     Diluted, profit for the period attributable to ordinary
      equity holders of the parent (cents per share)                            64.62               42.93




                                                     19
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                          Half-year ended     Half-year ended
                                                        31 December 2025    31 December 2024
                                                                    $’000               $’000

NET PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                          64,883              42,531

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit
or loss:

Foreign currency translation                                         (87)               2,623

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                           (87)               2,623

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE
PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                                 64,796              45,154


ATTRIBUTABLE TO
EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                       64,796              45,136
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                                               -                  18

                                                                   64,796              45,154




                                                 20
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025
                               Notes    31 December 2025      30 June 2025
                                                   $’000             $’000
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                          322,011        205,829
Trade and other receivables                        434,428        481,445
Contract assets                                      2,649          8,962
Inventories                                          2,012          1,998
Total current assets                               761,100        698,234

Non-current assets
Contract assets                                     14,077         14,077
Property, plant and equipment           5, 3(b)    241,408        215,717
Intangible assets and goodwill               14     41,521         17,423
Investment in joint ventures                        17,127         17,311
Deferred tax assets                                 47,325         42,468
Total non-current assets                           361,458        306,996

TOTAL ASSETS                                      1,122,558      1,005,230

LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                           350,875        289,262
Interest bearing loans and borrowings                4,187          4,272
Lease liabilities                             6     25,168         21,084
Income tax payable                                  18,959         23,052
Provisions                                         114,474        105,732
Total current liabilities                          513,663        443,402

Non-current liabilities
Interest bearing loans and borrowings                    -           2,093
Lease liabilities                             6     50,890          52,849
Provisions                                           9,094           9,050
Total non-current liabilities                       59,984          63,992

TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  573,647        507,394

NET ASSETS                                         548,911        497,836

EQUITY
Issued capital                                7    166,976        150,120
Reserves                                            75,180         67,126
Retained earnings                                  306,755        280,590
TOTAL EQUITY                                       548,911        497,836




                                         21
        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
        FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025


                                                                            Attributable to equity holders
                                                                                                          Fair
                                                                                                         Value
                                                   Share-      Foreign                                 Reserve
                                                    Based     Currency                    Non-              for
                                        Issued   Payment    Translation    Retained controlling       Financial       Equity
                                       Capital    Reserve      Reserve     Earnings   Interests          Assets      Reserve    Total
                                         $’000      $’000        $’000        $’000      $’000           $’000         $’000    $’000

At 1 July 2025                      150,120        74,615       (5,873)      280,590              -          2,856   (4,472)   497,836
Profit for the period                     -             -             -       64,883              -              -         -    64,883
Other comprehensive (loss)                -             -          (87)            -              -              -         -      (87)
Total comprehensive income / (loss)
for the period                            -             -           (87)      64,883              -             -          -    64,796

Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners
Shares issued on acquisition of
subsidiary                              14,657          -              -            -             -             -               14,657
Share-based payments                         -      5,522              -            -             -             -          -     5,522
Adjustment to deferred tax asset
recognised on employee share trust           -      2,619             -            -              -              -         -    2,619
Dividend reinvestment plan               2,199          -             -            -              -              -         -    2,199
Dividends paid                               -          -             -      (38,718)             -              -         - (38,718)
At 31 December 2025                    166,976     82,756       (5,960)      306,755              -          2,856   (4,472) 548,911

                                                                            Attributable to equity holders
                                                                                                          Fair
                                                                                                         Value
                                                   Share-      Foreign                                 Reserve
                                                    Based     Currency                    Non-              for
                                        Issued   Payment    Translation    Retained controlling       Financial       Equity
                                       Capital    Reserve      Reserve     Earnings   Interests          Assets      Reserve    Total
                                         $’000      $’000        $’000        $’000      $’000           $’000         $’000    $’000

At 1 July 2024                         145,781     64,630       (4,890)      261,866             -           2,856   (4,649)   465,594
Profit for the period                        -          -             -       42,513            18               -         -    42,531
Other comprehensive income                   -          -         2,623            -             -               -         -     2,623
Total comprehensive income for
the period                                   -          -          2,623      42,513            18              -          -    45,154

Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners
Reclassification of non-controlling
interest to liabilities                     -           -              -            -         (18)              -        18          -
Remeasurement of financial liability        -           -              -            -            -              -       140        140
Exercise of employee options              465           -              -            -            -              -         -        465
Share-based payments                        -       4,582              -            -            -              -         -      4,582
Adjustment to deferred tax asset
recognised on employee share trust           -        485             -            -              -           -            -      485
Dividend reinvestment plan               2,475          -             -            -              -           -            -    2,475
Dividends paid                               -          -             -      (32,411)             -           -            - (32,411)
At 31 December 2024                    148,721     69,697       (2,267)      271,968              -      2,856       (4,491) 486,484




                                                              22
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
CONDENSED CONSOLDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                         Notes   Half-year ended                  Half-year ended
                                               31 December 2025                 31 December 2024
                                                           $’000                            $’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Receipts from customers                                            1,680,636            1,181,184
Payments to suppliers and employees                              (1,480,848)          (1,073,908)
Income tax paid                                                     (36,472)             (22,528)
Other income                                                            2,259                3,903
Interest received                                                       2,940                4,992
Dividends received                                                      4,335                1,375
Finance costs                                                         (1,760)              (1,966)

NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
ACTIVITIES                                                          171,090                93,052

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                2,930                2,415
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                           (22,580)              (5,708)
Acquisition of controlled entities (net of cash acquired)   14        16,880                    -

NET CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING
ACTIVITIES                                                           (2,770)              (3,293)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Dividend paid                                                       (36,519)             (29,936)
Proceeds from issue of shares on exercise of options                       -                  465
Repayment of borrowings                                              (2,179)              (2,350)
Repayment of hire purchase leases                                    (6,908)              (8,304)
Repayment of other lease liabilities                                 (4,668)              (4,688)

NET CASH FLOWS USED IN FINANCING
ACTIVITIES                                                          (50,274)             (44,813)

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH
EQUIVALENTS                                                         118,046               44,946
Opening cash and cash equivalents brought forward                   205,829              225,864
Net foreign exchange difference                                      (1,864)               1,679

CLOSING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
CARRIED FORWARD                                                     322,011              272,489




                                                   23
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025

1.    CORPORATE INFORMATION

The half-year condensed consolidated financial report of Monadelphous Group Limited for the six months
ended 31 December 2025 was authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of directors on 23 February
2026.

Monadelphous Group Limited is a company limited by shares incorporated in Australia whose shares are
publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange.

The nature of the operations and principal activities of the Group are described in the Directors’ Report.

2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES TO THE GROUP’S ACCOUNTING POLICIES

(a)   Basis of Preparation

The half-year financial report is a general-purpose condensed financial report which has been prepared in
accordance with AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Act 2001.

The half-year condensed consolidated financial report does not include all information and disclosures required
in the annual financial report and should be read in conjunction with the annual financial report of
Monadelphous Group Limited as at 30 June 2025 together with any public announcements made during the
half year.

(b)   New and amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations

The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements
are consistent with those followed in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 30 June 2025, except for the adoption of new standards effective as of 1 July 2025. The
Group has not early adopted any other standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not
yet effective.

Other revised Standards and Interpretations which apply from 1 July 2025 did not have a material effect on the
financial position or performance of the Group.




                                                      24
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                              31 December 2025   31 December 2024
                                                                         $’000              $’000
3.   REVENUE AND EXPENSES
     (a) Specific Items
         Profit before income tax expense includes the
         following revenues and expenses whose
         disclosure is relevant in explaining the financial
         performance of the entity:
     (i) Revenue
         Revenue from contracts with customers
         Services revenue                                              852,021            645,155
         Construction revenue                                          584,202            373,680
                                                                     1,436,223          1,018,835
         Other revenue
         Interest                                                        2,940              4,992
                                                                     1,439,163          1,023,827

         Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with
         customers by end customer industry:
         Energy and renewable energy                                   665,476            374,693
         Energy transition metals and other minerals                   332,759            368,437
         Iron ore                                                      430,009            269,356
         Infrastructure                                                101,592             38,046
                                                                     1,529,836          1,050,532
         Less share of revenue from joint ventures
         accounted for using the equity method                        (93,613)           (31,697)
                                                                     1,436,223          1,018,835
     (ii) Other income
          Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment              2,580              1,847
          Other income                                                   2,259              3,903
                                                                         4,839              5,750

     (b) Expenses
         Depreciation of owned property, plant and
         equipment                                                      12,781             11,717
         Depreciation of hire purchase assets                            4,481              4,612
         Depreciation of other lease assets                              4,106              4,068
         Amortisation of intangibles                                       867                410
                                                                        22,235             20,807

     (c) Finance costs
         Loans and finance charges payable                               1,086              1,360
         Interest on other lease liabilities                               674                606
                                                                         1,760              1,966




                                                   25
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                      31 December 2025      31 December 2024
                                                                                 $’000                 $’000
4.      DIVIDENDS PAID AND PROPOSED

        (a) Fully franked dividends declared and paid
            during the half-year                                                  38,718                32,411

       (b) Dividends proposed and not yet recognised as a
           liability                                                              49,013                32,585

5.      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

During the half-year the consolidated entity acquired assets with a cost of $34,262,009 (2024: $9,565,122),
including assets purchased by means of hire purchase contracts of $11,682,061 (2024: $3,856,675). Assets with a
written down value of $349,985 (2024: $567,725) were disposed of during the period.

6.    LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                      31 December 2025           30 June 2025
                                                                                 $’000                  $’000

CURRENT
Hire purchase lease liabilities                                                    15,537               11,969
Other lease liabilities                                                             9,631                9,115
                                                                                   25,168               21,084

NON-CURRENT
Hire purchase lease liabilities                                                    25,119               23,544
Other lease liabilities                                                            25,771               29,305
                                                                                   50,890               52,849

7.    ISSUED CAPITAL
                                                             Notes   31 December 2025            30 June 2025
                                                                                $’000                   $’000
Ordinary shares – Issued and fully paid                      7(a)               166,976                150,120

(a)   Movement in ordinary shares
                                                  31 December 2025                  31 December 2024
                                                 Number of                        Number of
                                                    Shares         $’000             Shares         $’000
Beginning of the period                           98,834,115         150,120      97,463,244          145,781
Exercise of employee options                               -               -         457,116              465
Dividend reinvestment plan                           102,348           2,199         201,689            2,475
Shares issued on acquisition of subsidiary           645,267          14,657                                -
Conversion of performance rights and
 retention rights                                   444,273                -         619,691                - -




End of the period                               100,026,003          166,976      98,741,740          148,721




                                                        26
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025

8.       OPERATING SEGMENTS

Revenue is derived by the consolidated entity from the provision of engineering services to the resources, energy
and infrastructure industry sector. For the half-year ended 31 December 2025 the Engineering Construction
division contributed revenue of $677.8 million (2024: $405.4 million) and the Maintenance and Industrial Services
division contributed revenue of $852.0 million (2024: $645.1 million). Included in the Engineering Construction
division revenue is $93.6 million (2024: $31.7 million) of inter-entity revenue and revenue of joint ventures, which
is eliminated on consolidation. The operating divisions are exposed to similar risks and rewards from operations,
and are only segmented to facilitate appropriate management structures.

The directors believe that the aggregation of the operating divisions is appropriate for segment reporting purposes
as they:

     •    have similar economic characteristics;
     •    perform similar services for the same industry sector;
     •    have similar operational business processes;
     •    provide a diversified range of similar engineering services to a large number of common clients;
     •    utilise a centralised pool of engineering assets and shared services in their service delivery models, and
          the services provided to customers allow for the effective migration of employees between divisions; and
     •    operate predominately in one geographical area, namely Australia.

Accordingly, all service divisions have been aggregated to form one reporting segment.

9.       CONTINGENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

 Contingent liabilities
 On 26 July 2023, the Company announced that Northern SEQ Distributor – Retailer Authority, trading as
 Unitywater (Unitywater), had served a Claim and Statement of Claim in the Supreme Court of Queensland
 against one of Monadelphous’ wholly owned subsidiaries, Monadelphous Engineering Pty Ltd (ME).

 On 20 October 2023, Unitywater filed a further amendment to that Statement of Claim in the Supreme Court
 Registry, amending the value of the claim to approximately $200 million. On 26 June 2025, Unitywater filed a
 Second Further Amended Statement of Claim in the Supreme Court Registry, joining Acciona Agua Australia
 Pty Ltd to the proceedings. The claims made by Unitywater relate to a contract entered into by Unitywater and
 ME in 2016 for the design and construction of an upgrade to the Kawana Sewage Treatment Plant on the
 Sunshine Coast in Queensland. Monadelphous denies the allegations and claimed losses and will vigorously
 defend the claims, as well as pursuing available counterclaims.

 The Group is subject to various other actual and pending claims arising in the normal course of business. The
 Group has regular claims reviews to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure. The Directors are
 of the opinion that based on information currently available there is no material exposure to the Group arising
 from these other actual and pending claims at balance date.



Guarantees
                                                                  31 December 2025                 30 June 2025
                                                                             $’000                        $’000
Guarantees given to various clients for satisfactory
contract performance                                                          270,843                    187,694




                                                       27
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025

10.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

Fair value hierarchy

The Group uses various methods in estimating the fair value of a financial instrument.

Level 1:     The fair value is calculated using quoted prices in active markets.
Level 2:     The fair value is estimated using inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are
             observable for the asset or liability, either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
Level 3:     The fair value is estimated using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable
             market data.

For financial instruments that are recognised at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines
whether transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based
on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each
reporting period.

The carrying amount and estimated fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities at the balance date
are materially the same. There were no material financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value at 31
December 2025 or 30 June 2025.


11.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

The Group has capital commitments related to the acquisition of plant and equipment of $20,241,620 at 31
December 2025 (2024: $13,191,210).



12.   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER BALANCE DATE

Dividends declared

On 23 February 2026, Monadelphous Group Limited declared an interim dividend on ordinary shares in respect
of the 2026 financial year. The total amount of the dividend is $49,012,741 which represents a fully franked
interim dividend of 49 cents per share. This dividend has not been provided for in the 31 December 2025
Financial Statements. The Monadelphous Group Limited Dividend Reinvestment plan will apply to the
dividend.

Other than the item noted above, there are no matters or circumstances that have arisen since the end of the
half-year ended 31 December 2025 which significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of
the consolidated entity, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the consolidated entity in
subsequent financial years.




                                                        28
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025

13.   SHARE BASED PAYMENT

Performance and Retention Rights

During the period, 431,047 performance rights were granted by Monadelphous Group Limited under the
Company’s Combined Reward Plan. These performance rights vest into shares in equal instalments, one, two
and three years subsequent to award, subject to the employee remaining in the employ of the company at those
particular dates. The fair value of each performance right issued during the period was estimated on the date
of grant using a discounted cash flow calculation. The weighted average fair value of performance rights
granted in the period was $15.74.

A further 414,792 performance rights were issued under the Company’s Long-Term Senior Leadership
Performance Reward Plan (‘LTPR Plan’). The fair value of each performance right issued during the period
was estimated on the date of grant using a discounted cash flow calculation. The weighted average fair value
of performance rights granted in the period was $21.09.

For the half-year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has recognised $5,522,349 of share-based payment
expense in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statement (2024: $4,552,110) relating to performance rights
under the Combined Reward and LTPR Plans.




                                                     29
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025


14.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

Acquisition of High Energy Service Pty Ltd

On 1 July 2025, Monadelphous Group Limited acquired 100% of the share capital of a Perth-based high
voltage services business High Energy Service Pty Ltd and High Energy Service Group Pty Ltd (‘HES’). The
acquisition of HES supports Monadelphous' strategic efforts to expand its capabilities and support the
development and ongoing maintenance of the essential electricity generation, storage and infrastructure needed
for Australia's energy transition.

The provisional fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired from HES as of date of acquisition
were:

                                                                                   Provisional fair
                                                                                           value at
                                                                                   acquisition date
                                                                                              $’000

Cash                                                                                          4,887
Trade and other receivables                                                                   3,942
Property, plant and equipment and right of use assets                                         8,778
Other                                                                                           276
Total assets                                                                                 17,883

Trade and other payables                                                                       1,151
Lease liabilities                                                                                823
Provisions                                                                                     2,129
Total liabilities                                                                              4,103

Fair value of identifiable net assets                                                        13,780
Identifiable intangible assets                                                                2,898
Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                               6,962
Purchase consideration                                                                       23,640

Acquisition-date fair-value of consideration transferred:
Amount due to vendors                                                                         2,150
Cash paid                                                                                    21,490
Total consideration                                                                          23,640

Net cash acquired with the business                                                          (4,887)
Cash paid                                                                                    21,490
Net consolidated cash outflow                                                                16,603


The goodwill recognised is primarily attributed to the expected synergies and other benefits from the
acquisition. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.




                                                        30
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025

14.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)

Acquisition of Kerman Contracting Pty Ltd

On 5 November 2025, Monadelphous Group Limited acquired 100% of the share capital of Western Australia
based Kerman Contracting Pty Ltd (‘Kerman’) a design and construction business specialising in non-process
infrastructure, bulk storage and materials handling facilities. The acquisition of Kerman supports
Monadelphous' growth strategy, strengthening its non-process infrastructure capability for the delivery of
large-scale projects with resources sector customers, and growing its service offering in other sectors.

The provisional fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired from Kerman as of date of
acquisition were:

                                                                                Provisional fair
                                                                                        value at
                                                                                acquisition date
                                                                                           $’000

Cash                                                                                      76,451
Trade and other receivables                                                                2,658
Property, plant and equipment and right of use assets                                      2,347
Other                                                                                      2,262
Total assets                                                                              83,718

Trade and other payables                                                                   7,128
Contract liabilities                                                                      10,735
Lease liabilities                                                                            989
Provisions                                                                                   683
Total liabilities                                                                         19,535

Fair value of identifiable net assets                                                     64,183
Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                           13,162
Purchase consideration                                                                    77,345

Acquisition-date fair-value of consideration transferred:
Amount due to vendors                                                                     22,569
Shares issued, at fair value                                                              14,657
Cash paid                                                                                 40,119
Total consideration                                                                       77,345

Net cash acquired with the business                                                     (76,451)
Cash paid                                                                                 40,119
Net consolidated cash (inflow)                                                          (36,332)


The goodwill recognised is primarily attributed to the expected synergies and other benefits from the
acquisition. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.




                                                        31
MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025

14.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)

Acquisition of Australian Power Industry Partners Pty Ltd

On 5 December 2025, Monadelphous Group Limited acquired 100% of the share capital of Australian Power
Industry Partners Pty Ltd ("APIP"), a high-voltage electrical contractor based in Milton, Queensland for a cash
consideration of $3,688,000. The acquisition of APIP further expands our capability and supports our entry
into the transmission and distribution sector. The fair value of identifiable net assets acquired were $1,747,000
resulting in goodwill of $1,941,000.




                                                       32
