                              MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED

                                     ABN 28 008 988 547

                        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT

                           HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




For personal use only
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        CORPORATE DIRECTORY
                        Directors                                  Controlled Entities
                        Robert Velletri                            Monadelphous Engineering Associates Pty Ltd
                        Chair                                      Monadelphous Engineering Pty Ltd
                                                                   Monadelphous Properties Pty Ltd
                        Zoran Bebic                                Monadelphous Workforce Pty Ltd
                        Managing Director                          Genco Pty Ltd
                                                                   Monadelphous Electrical & Instrumentation Pty Ltd
                        Susan Lee Murphy AO                        Monadelphous PNG Ltd
                        Lead Independent Non-Executive Director    Monadelphous Holdings Pty Ltd
                                                                   Moway International Limited
                        Dietmar Robert Voss                        Inteforge Pty Ltd
                        Independent Non-Executive Director         Moway AustAsia Steel Structures Trading (Beijing) Company Limited
                                                                   Monadelphous Group Limited Employee Share Trust
                        Helen Jane Gillies                         Monadelphous KT Pty Ltd
                        Independent Non-Executive Director         Monadelphous Energy Services Pty Ltd
                                                                   Monadelphous Mongolia LLC
                        Enrico Buratto                             M Workforce Pty Ltd
                        Independent Non-Executive Director         M&ISS Pty Ltd




For personal use only
                                                                   Monadelphous Engineering NZ Pty Ltd
                        Company Secretaries                        M Maintenance Services Pty Ltd
                        Philip Trueman                             Monadelphous NPI Pty Ltd (formerly MGJV Pty Ltd)
                        Kristy Glasgow                             Monadelphous Inc.
                                                                   Monadelphous Investments Pty Ltd
                        Principal Registered Office in Australia   MWOG Pty Ltd
                        59 Albany Highway                          Arc West Group Pty Ltd
                        Victoria Park                              MOAG Pty Ltd
                        Western Australia 6100                     Monadelphous International Holdings Pty Ltd
                        Telephone: +61 8 9316 1255                 Evo Access Pty Ltd
                        Facsimile:    +61 8 9316 1950              MMW Projects Pty Ltd
                        Website:      www.monadelphous.com.au      RIG Installations (Newcastle) Pty Ltd
                                                                   R E & M Services Pty Ltd
                        Postal Address                             Pilbara Rail Services Pty Ltd
                        PO Box 600                                 EC Projects Pty Ltd
                        Victoria Park                              Monadelphous Chile SpA
                        Western Australia 6979                     MAQ Rent SpA
                                                                   Inteforge Engineering & Fabrication (Tianjin) Co. Ltd
                        Share Registry                             Monadelphous RTW Pty Ltd
                        Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd    BMC Holdings (Vic) Pty Ltd
                        Level 17, 221 St George’s Terrace          BMC Welding & Construction Pty Ltd
                        Perth                                      BMC HV Electrical & Instrumentation Pty Ltd
                        Western Australia 6000                     BMC Civil Pty Ltd
                        Telephone: 1300 364 961                    Melchor Contracting Pty Ltd
                        Facsimile:    +61 8 9473 2500

                        ASX Code
                        MND – Fully Paid Ordinary Shares
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Your Directors submit their report for the half-year ended 31 December 2024.
                        DIRECTORS
                        The names and details of the directors of the Company in office during the half-year and until the date of this report
                        are:
                        Robert Velletri                              Chair
                                                                     Appointed as Director 26 August 1992
                                                                     Appointed as Managing Director on 30 May 2003 and ceased as
                                                                     Managing Director following his appointment as Chair on 22
                                                                     November 2022
                                                                     Mechanical Engineer, Member of the Institution of Engineers Australia
                                                                     45 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                                                     industry
                        Zoran Bebic                                  Managing Director




For personal use only
                                                                     Appointed as Managing Director 22 November 2022
                                                                     Certified Practising Accountant, Fellow Member of CPA Australia
                                                                     31 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                                                     industry
                        Susan Lee Murphy AO                          Lead Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                     Appointed 11 June 2019
                                                                     Civil Engineer, Honorary Fellow of the Institution of Engineers Australia
                                                                     45 years experience in the resources and infrastructure industries
                                                                     Also a non-executive director of the following other publicly listed entities:
                                                                     MMA Offshore Limited (ASX: MRM) – appointed 30 April 2021, resigned
                                                                     26 July 2024
                                                                     RemSense Technologies Limited (ASX: REM) – appointed 17 May 2023,
                                                                     resigned 21 February 2024

                        Dietmar Robert Voss                          Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                     Appointed 10 March 2014
                                                                     Chemical Engineer, Member of the Australian Institute of Company
                                                                     Directors
                                                                     50 years experience in the energy, and mining and minerals industries

                        Helen Jane Gillies                           Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                     Appointed 5 September 2016
                                                                     Solicitor, Master of Business Administration and Construction Law,
                                                                     Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors
                                                                     28 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                                                     industry
                                                                     Also a non-executive director of the following other publicly listed entities:
                                                                     Yancoal Australia Limited (ASX:YAL) – appointed 30 January 2018,
                                                                     resigned 9 February 2024
                                                                     Aurelia Metals Limited (ASX:AMI) – appointed 21 January 2021,
                                                                     resigned 31 January 2024

                        Enrico Buratto                               Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                     Appointed 11 October 2021
                                                                     Civil Engineer, Fellow of the Institution of Engineers Australia
                                                                     49 years experience in the construction and engineering services industry




                                                                                  1
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        COMPANY SECRETARIES
                        Philip Trueman                               Company Secretary and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                     Appointed 21 December 2007
                                                                     Chartered Accountant, Member of Chartered Accountants Australia and
                                                                     New Zealand
                                                                     24 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                                                     industry

                        Kristy Glasgow                               Company Secretary
                                                                     Appointed 8 December 2014
                                                                     Chartered Accountant, Member of Chartered Accountants Australia and
                                                                     New Zealand
                                                                     19 years experience in the construction and engineering services
                                                                     industry




For personal use only
                        NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

                        Engineering Services

                        Monadelphous is a diversified services company operating in the resources, energy and infrastructure industry sector.

                        Services provided include:
                        • Fabrication, modularisation, offsite pre-assembly, procurement and installation of structural steel, tankage,
                            mechanical and process equipment, piping, demolition and remediation works
                        • Multi-disciplined construction services
                        • Plant commissioning
                        • Electrical and instrumentation services
                        • Engineering, procurement and construction services
                        • Process and non-process maintenance services
                        • Front-end scoping, shutdown planning, management and execution
                        • Water and waste water asset construction and maintenance
                        • Construction of transmission pipelines and facilities
                        • Operation and maintenance of power and water assets
                        • Heavy lift and specialist transport
                        • Access solutions
                        • Dewatering services
                        • Corrosion management services
                        • Specialist coatings
                        • Rail maintenance services
                        • Structural concrete and associated works

                        General

                        Monadelphous operates from major offices in Perth and Brisbane, with regional offices in Newcastle, Beijing
                        (China), Ulaanbaatar (Mongolia) and Manila (Philippines), and a network of workshop facilities in Kalgoorlie,
                        Karratha, Port Hedland, Newman, Tom Price, Darwin, Roxby Downs, Gladstone, Hunter Valley, Mackay, Bibra
                        Lake, Bunbury, Capel, Chinchilla, Osborne Park and Morwell.

                        The consolidated entity’s revenue is earned predominantly from the resources, energy and infrastructure industry
                        sector. There have been no significant changes in the nature of those activities during the period.




                                                                                 2
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        OPERATING RESULTS
                        The consolidated entity’s profit attributable to equity holders of the parent after providing for income tax for the half-
                        year was $42.513 million (2023: $30.080 million).


                        DIVIDENDS PAID OR PROPOSED
                        A 33 cent fully franked interim dividend has been approved by the directors, payable on 28 March 2025 (2024: 25
                        cent interim dividend). A final fully franked dividend of $32,411,215 was paid during the period in respect of the
                        financial year ended 30 June 2024.


                        REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
                                                                                             Half-year ended                Half-year ended
                                                                                           31 December 2024               31 December 2023
                                                                                                       $’000                          $’000




For personal use only
                        Revenue from contracts with customers                                        1,018,835                      1,000,228

                        Profit after income tax attributable to equity holders of the
                        parent                                                                          42,513                         30,080




                                                                                    3
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                        The Directors of Monadelphous Group Limited are pleased to report the Company’s financial results
                        for the half-year ended 31 December 2024.

                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                        Revenue

                        Monadelphous recorded revenue of $1.051 billion1 for the half year, which is in line with the guidance
                        provided to the market. The result represents a 4.2 per cent increase on the prior corresponding period.

                        The Maintenance and Industrial Services division continued to experience strong overall demand for
                        maintenance services and sustaining capital works, delivering revenue for the six months of $645.1
                        million. The result is about 9 per cent down on the prior corresponding period, with energy sector
                        turnaround activity returning to more normal levels after the heightened activity experienced in the first
                        half of last year.




For personal use only
                        The Engineering Construction division reported revenue of $405.4 million1 for the half year, a 33.7 per
                        cent increase on the prior corresponding period.

                        Statutory revenue from contracts with customers for the six months, which excludes Monadelphous’
                        share of revenue from joint ventures, was $1,018.8 million.

                        Earnings

                        Net profit after tax (NPAT) was $42.5 million, up 41.3 per cent on the prior corresponding period,
                        delivering earnings per share of 43.3 cents. NPAT was favourably impacted by an approximately $7
                        million variance (after-tax) in non-operating items compared to the prior corresponding period, with
                        operating margins also improving.

                        Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) was $79.8 million2, an increase
                        of 30.2 per cent on the prior corresponding period. The Company’s EBITDA margin increased from
                        6.08 per cent in the prior corresponding period to 7.59 per cent for the six months ended 31 December
                        2024. Approximately half of the variance is attributable to a small number of material non-operating
                        items, including proceeds from insurance and favourable foreign exchange movements, with the
                        balance of the increase relating to an improvement in the operating EBITDA margin.

                        Dividend

                        Monadelphous’ Board of Directors declared an interim dividend of 33 cents per share fully franked.
                        The Monadelphous Group Limited Dividend Reinvestment Plan will apply to the interim dividend.

                        Balance sheet

                        The Company ended the half year with a cash balance of $272.5 million, bolstered by a number of
                        advances received from customers on construction contracts.

                        Cash flow from operations was $93.1 million, delivering a very strong cash flow conversion rate of 145
                        per cent.

                        Monadelphous’ balance sheet will enable the Company to take advantage of appropriate strategic
                        investment opportunities that support long-term sustainable growth and the creation of value for
                        shareholders.
                        1
                            Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue – refer to page 12 for reconciliation.
                        2
                            Refer to page 12 for reconciliation of EBITDA

                                                                                                4
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        STRATEGIC PROGRESS

                        Monadelphous has secured approximately $1.7 billion of new contracts and extensions since the
                        beginning of the 2025 financial year. Major contracts and extensions were awarded across a range of
                        industry sectors, including energy, iron ore, other minerals and renewable energy.

                        In the energy sector, Monadelphous secured major construction and maintenance contracts with blue
                        chip customers Woodside and Shell, valued at approximately $800 million in aggregate.

                        The Company secured a significant multidisciplinary construction contract with Woodside for
                        modifications required to the Pluto Liquefied Natural Gas Train 1 facility and associated infrastructure.
                        The works will enable the processing of gas from the Scarborough Energy Project at the Pluto facility.

                        The Company was also awarded a seven-year contract to continue providing maintenance and minor
                        construction services associated with Shell Australia’s Prelude Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG)
                        facility, located off the north-west coast of Western Australia (WA). Monadelphous has provided




For personal use only
                        services to Shell on the Prelude FLNG facility for the past nine years.

                        In iron ore, Monadelphous secured several construction, maintenance and minor project contracts across
                        Rio Tinto’s operations in the Pilbara, WA.

                        Awards included two one-year contract extensions for fixed plant maintenance services and sustaining
                        capital projects, as well as a fabrication, supply, installation and commissioning contract at Rio Tinto’s
                        Tom Price mine.

                        Subsequent to the reporting period, the Company was awarded a multidisciplinary construction contract
                        at the Brockman 4 mine, as well as a three-year panel contract to provide water management works
                        across Rio Tinto’s mine operations in the Pilbara.

                        Mondium, Monadelphous’ engineering, procurement and construction joint venture with Lycopodium,
                        was awarded a major design and construct contract, also by Rio Tinto, for a new sampling facility at
                        Cape Lambert in the Pilbara region of WA.

                        The Company also secured a multidisciplinary construction contract with BHP in the iron ore sector
                        associated with the dewatering of surplus water from Orebody 32 in Newman, WA.

                        In addition, BHP awarded Monadelphous a multidisciplinary construction contract at the Prominent
                        Hill Expansion Project, an underground mining operation and copper processing facility located
                        approximately 650 kilometres north-west of Adelaide, South Australia (SA).

                        Melchor, Monadelphous’ civil business, was awarded a structural concrete construction contract by the
                        Saipem Clough Joint Venture at Project Ceres, Perdaman Industries’ urea plant located near Dampier,
                        WA. Alevro, Monadelphous’ heavy lift services joint venture with Fagioli, also secured a contract to
                        provide heavy haulage services at the project.

                        Zenviron, the Company’s renewable energy joint venture, continued to strengthen its market position
                        with the award of a contract for the delivery of CS Energy’s Lotus Creek Wind Farm, located in Central
                        Queensland.




                                                                            5
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        SUSTAINABILITY

                        Monadelphous continues to strive for long-term sustainable growth, building on its reputation as a great
                        company to work for, work with and invest in. The Company is focused on the safety and wellbeing of
                        its people, delivering for its customers and shareholders, and making a positive contribution to the
                        communities in which it operates.

                        The Company’s Sustainability Framework guides its approach in the key areas of people, safety and
                        wellbeing, diversity and inclusion, community and environment.

                        People

                        Monadelphous’ success and long-term sustainability is founded in its highly talented workforce. The
                        Company is committed to retaining, attracting and developing people who are highly competent, live
                        the Monadelphous values and actively contribute to the success of the business.




For personal use only
                        The Company’s workforce at 31 December 2024 (including subcontractors) totalled 7,289. Overall
                        employee retention rates continued to improve during the period, with staff turnover declining. Key
                        talent retention remained at approximately 95 per cent.

                        The Company focused on improving its early careers and talent development pathways, introducing a
                        Winter Internship Program to complement its existing Summer Vacation Program, and expanding the
                        ongoing development, mentoring and upskilling journey of the Company’s future business leaders.

                        Monadelphous launched its refreshed onboarding and welcome hub, improving the new employee
                        experience for both new starters and managers, and delivered important collaboration and development
                        opportunities for operational leaders through its annual divisional leadership conferences.

                        Around 240 people participated in Monadelphous’ graduate, undergraduate, apprenticeship and
                        traineeship programs, and the Company supported the development of more than 100 employees
                        through its suite of in-house leadership programs.

                        Monadelphous continued to embed the Respect@Monadelphous behavioural framework as a part of
                        the Company’s commitment to ensuring a safe, respectful and inclusive workplace, as well as launching
                        the Respect in Every Step program. The Company’s psychosocial risk management response is part of
                        its mentally healthy workplace strategy, aligned to AREEA’s Resources and Energy Industry
                        Workforce Mental Health framework.

                        An employee engagement campaign was also rolled out promoting behavioural expectations as well as
                        increasing awareness of the Company’s reporting protocols.

                        Safety and Wellbeing

                        The Company remained focused on ensuring “The Safe Way is the Only Way”, with the 12-month
                        Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate remaining relatively stable at 31 December 2024 at 3.34
                        incidents per million hours worked.

                        Monadelphous achieved broad industry recognition during the period for its commitment to safety and
                        innovation, with Melchor receiving awards at the Mates in Construction WA Awards, and Alevro
                        collecting awards from the Crane Industry Council of Australia. Monadelphous was also named as a
                        finalist for a range of safety and innovation accolades awarded by the Department of Energy, Mines,
                        Industry Regulation and Safety (DMIRS), the NSCA Foundation National Safety Awards of
                        Excellence, and the Workplace Health and Safety (WHS) Foundation Awards of Excellence.



                                                                           6
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        During the six months, Monadelphous continued its Fatal Risk Controls campaign which focused on
                        further improving the identification, reduction and elimination of fatal risks.

                        Monadelphous continued to focus on employee health and wellbeing, offering complimentary skin
                        checks, heart health checks and online information sessions on a range of relevant topics including
                        mental health and women’s health. The Company also launched another program within the Resilience
                        Project titled “Authentic Connections”, with leaders within the business sharing personal experiences
                        focused on the topics of vulnerability, perfectionism and passion.

                        Diversity and Inclusion, Community and Environment

                        Monadelphous continued to focus its efforts on enriching the communities in which it operates,
                        increasing diversity and inclusion across its workforce, and progressing its roadmap to Net Zero by
                        2050.

                        The Company continued to progress its Stretch Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) commitments,




For personal use only
                        focusing on long-term employment opportunities, training and development programs for First Nations
                        people and supporting First Nations businesses.

                        Monadelphous exceeded its RAP targets for First Nations workforce participation, reaching 3.7 per
                        cent, and for First Nations business spend, surpassing more than $9 million and onboarding seven new
                        First Nations business partners during the six-month period.

                        The Company provided career opportunity pathways for current and future First Nations employees
                        through traineeships, apprenticeships and the Indigenous Pathways Program, in partnership with Rio
                        Tinto, and extended its partnership with the Polly Farmer Foundation for a further two years.

                        Supporting its ongoing commitment to positively contribute to the regions in which it operates, the
                        Company delivered its Karratha Community Grants Program for the second year running and launched
                        similar programs in Darwin and Bunbury. Across Australia and internationally, Monadelphous
                        supported over 70 community initiatives, contributing more than $150,000 in funding, as well as over
                        150 volunteering hours to charities, local groups and grassroots organisations.

                        Monadelphous progressed a range of initiatives to support its goal of Net Zero by 2050, including
                        trialling fully electric utility vehicle options. Progressing sustainability goals through innovative
                        solutions also remained a focus, with site-based product trials of electric-battery solutions to reduce
                        diesel usage, and electric forklifts to reduce LPG emissions.

                        The transition to renewable power continued with the installation of a 40-kilowatt solar system at its
                        workshop facility in Mackay, Queensland, in line with the Company’s interim target of switching to
                        100 per cent renewable power alternatives by 2030 for its facilities in Australia.

                        Work continued in preparation for the incoming Australian climate reporting with a review of the final
                        sustainability standards released during the period and the identification of process improvements
                        required to effectively address future disclosure requirements.

                        PRODUCTIVITY AND INNOVATION

                        Monadelphous monitors emerging trends, industry advancements and proven technologies, and seeks
                        to identify and implement innovative solutions that drive improved safety outcomes, increase
                        productivity and support the delivery of value for customers.

                        The Company continues to support employees in actively identifying opportunities to improve and
                        innovate, especially those with safety, efficiency and productivity benefits. Monadelphous’ ongoing


                                                                          7
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                        emphasis on digital literacy skills has led to a significant take up of digital solutions across the business,
                        with new and innovative ways to apply and scale solutions being implemented, both maximising value
                        and driving efficiencies.

                        Alevro received awards from The Crane Industry Council of Australia for the synchronous jacking
                        system used at the Pluto 2 project. The innovation allowed for greater control and precision in placing
                        modules and significantly reduced on-site installation time.

                        The exploration of Artificial Intelligence case studies for intelligent searching, predictive insights and
                        enhanced workflows was progressed. Monadelphous also collaborated with The University of Western
                        Australia on an exploratory development project to improve pipe welding using robotics, potentially
                        enabling faster welding with safer results.

                        OPERATIONAL ACTIVITY




For personal use only
                        Engineering Construction

                        Monadelphous’ Engineering Construction division reported revenue of $405.4 million1 for the six
                        months, and was awarded approximately $740 million of new construction contracts during the period.
                        The Company successfully completed construction of the wet plant at Liontown Resources’ Kathleen
                        Valley Project, a spodumene lithium and tantalum mining and processing operation located 680
                        kilometres northeast of Perth in WA.
                        Monadelphous also progressed construction of the Chemical Grade Plant 3 (CGP3) at Talison Lithium’s
                        Greenbushes site in the southwest of WA, including structural, mechanical, piping, electrical, and
                        instrumentation for a new crushing and screening facility and lithium concentrate processing plant.
                        Melchor completed civil and concrete works at the CGP3 Project, delivering detailed earthworks,
                        formwork, reinforcement and concrete placement, along with the installation of primary crusher
                        drainage and a fine ore stockpile tunnel.

                        Work advanced at BHP’s Car Dumper 3 Renewal Project at Nelson Point in Port Hedland. The
                        Company also commenced work on a multidisciplinary construction contract for BHP associated with
                        the dewatering of surplus water from Orebody 32 in Newman, WA, as well as at BHP’s Prominent Hill
                        Expansion Project, a copper, silver and gold mine in Mount Eba, SA.
                        Monadelphous delivered key shutdown and miscellaneous works at Rio Tinto’s Western Range Project
                        in Paraburdoo and continued to provide crane and heavy lift services at Fortescue’s mine sites in the
                        Pilbara region of WA.
                        In the energy sector, Monadelphous progressed construction at Chevron Australia’s Jansz-Io
                        Compression Project in WA, including the installation and modification of electrical power and control
                        facilities, with Alevro delivering specialist haulage and lifting services to Bechtel at Woodside’s Pluto
                        Train 2 project in Karratha, WA.

                        Inteforge, Monadelphous’ fabrication business, secured contracts for the supply and fabrication
                        of structural steelwork and pipe racks for Iluka’s Eneabba Rare Earths Refinery Project in WA.

                        In Mongolia, Monadelphous successfully completed construction of surface infrastructure at the Oyu
                        Tolgoi Underground Project achieving a strong safety record for the duration of the project.

                        Finally, Zenviron progressed works at Tilt Renewables’ Latrobe Valley BESS (Battery Energy Storage
                        System) Project, located south of Morwell in Victoria.



                        1
                            Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue
                                                                                    8
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                        Maintenance and Industrial Services

                        Monadelphous’ Maintenance and Industrial Services division recorded revenue for the period of $645.1
                        million. High demand for maintenance services across all sectors continued, with the division having
                        secured approximately $950 million in new contracts and contract extensions since 1 July 2024.

                        In the energy sector, Monadelphous continued to deliver a significant volume of maintenance and minor
                        construction services associated with Shell’s Prelude FLNG facility, as well as for Woodside’s onshore
                        and offshore gas production facilities in WA’s north-west region.

                        Activity was high at the INPEX-operated Ichthys LNG onshore processing facilities in Darwin,
                        Northern Territory (NT), with turnarounds completed for Trains 1 and 2. The Company continued to
                        deliver maintenance services for the Ichthys Explorer central processing facility (CPF) and the Ichthys
                        Venturer floating production storage and offloading facility (FPSO), located in the Browse Basin, WA.




For personal use only
                        WA’s iron ore sector continued to drive significant levels of activity, with the Company providing fixed
                        plant maintenance services and sustaining capital projects to Rio Tinto, fixed plant services to Fortescue
                        under its long-term maintenance and non-process infrastructure panel agreements, as well as general
                        maintenance services to BHP.

                        Monadelphous also delivered maintenance services across BHP operations at the Olympic Dam mine
                        site in South Australia and Mt Arthur Coal in the Hunter Valley, New South Wales (NSW).

                        The Company continued to provide decommissioning services to Petrofac on the Northern Endeavour
                        floating production, storage and offtake facility, further building out its capability and positioning
                        Monadelphous for future decommissioning activity expected within Australia’s North-West Shelf and
                        Bass Strait regions.

                        In Papua New Guinea, the Company continued to provide sustaining capital projects and maintenance
                        support activities at Newmont’s gold operations at Lihir Island, and Santos’ production and support
                        facilities in the Southern Highlands region.

                        The Company secured a three-year contract, with two one-year extension options, for shutdown and
                        maintenance services at South32’s Worsley Alumina operations in the south-west of WA, where
                        Monadelphous has been providing services for 20 years. In addition, Monadelphous was awarded a new
                        three-year contract for the provision of minor project works at Worsley Alumina.

                        Other significant contract activity undertaken during the period included:
                           • mechanical maintenance services at Queensland Alumina Limited’s operations located in
                                Gladstone, Queensland;
                           • rope access and associated services for Dalrymple Bay Coal Terminal in Hay Point,
                                Queensland;
                           • rail maintenance projects for Pacific National across WA, NSW and SA;
                           • dragline shutdowns for BHP Mitsubishi Alliance in Mackay, Queensland;
                           • operation and maintenance of the coal handling facility at the Muja Power Station for Synergy
                                in Collie, WA; and
                           • mechanical, electrical and access maintenance services for fixed plant shutdowns at Rio Tinto’s
                                Gove operations, NT.




                                                                            9
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT


                        MARKETS AND OUTLOOK

                        Resources and energy demand is expected to remain strong over the long-term, underpinned by sustained economic
                        growth and increasing investment in decarbonisation activities. Despite some global uncertainty, worldwide
                        economic forecasts expect growth to remain resilient with the resources and energy sectors expected to provide a
                        significant pipeline of prospects across a broad range of commodities.

                        Demand for sustaining capital works and maintenance services continues to be driven by ongoing high levels of
                        production across most commodities. In Australia’s iron ore sector, investment is projected to continue to sustain
                        current production levels, with a focus on operational discipline and efficiency to maintain a position of global
                        competitiveness.

                        After a period of significant price volatility within the energy transition metals sector, there has been a slow and
                        modest recovery in commodity prices over the past year. Long-term fundamental indicators remain robust and mining
                        and mineral processing development in the energy transition metals sector is projected to increase over the long-term.




For personal use only
                        This extends to copper and critical minerals, which will require significant capital investment to meet forecast
                        demand.

                        The energy sector continues to provide opportunities, including several gas construction projects and ongoing strong
                        demand for maintenance services. Monadelphous is well positioned to support the decommissioning activities
                        expected over the coming decade for oil and gas assets.

                        Additional opportunities are arising from customers’ decarbonisation investments, which includes electrification of
                        operations and energy storage.

                        Australia’s Net-Zero Emissions objective is driving a pipeline of renewable energy prospects within the coming
                        years, as high investment activity is forecast across generation, storage and transmission. Zenviron remains well
                        positioned to capitalise on the growth projected within the wind farm and battery energy storage sectors.

                        Significant long-term investment is also forecast for the essential electricity transmission infrastructure needed to
                        support energy transition and grid stability. The power sector is addressing challenges such as network constraints,
                        supply chain pressures and delays in planning approvals, which will further expand these opportunities.

                        While labour demand has moderated and general labour availability has improved slightly, the challenge of a skilled
                        labour shortage remains within Australia's resources and energy sectors. Monadelphous continues to address this by
                        enhancing the capability and capacity of its workforce through focused employee attraction, retention and
                        development initiatives.

                        Monadelphous will continue to focus on sustainable growth and quality of earnings through a selective approach to
                        new work, collaborative customer engagement, high standards of delivery, and the appropriate allocation of risk.

                        With construction activity levels increasing and the strong flow of new work in FY25 to date, the Company is
                        anticipating to see high single digit revenue1 growth together with improved operating margins for the full financial
                        year.

                        A strong balance sheet enables the Company to continue to assess strategic acquisition opportunities which support
                        an expansion of services and capabilities, and market diversification, driving long-term sustainable growth.

                        In conclusion, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the talented team at Monadelphous, whose loyalty and
                        dedication supports our continued growth. I also extend my appreciation to our shareholders, customers and our many
                        other stakeholders for their ongoing support.

                        1
                            Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue

                                                                                    10
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        ABN 28 008 988 547
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE DATE

                        Dividends Declared

                        On 17 February 2025, Monadelphous Group Limited declared an interim dividend on ordinary shares in respect of
                        the 2025 financial year. The total amount of the dividend is $32,584,774 which represents a fully franked interim
                        dividend of 33 cents per share. This dividend has not been provided for in the 31 December 2024 Financial
                        Statements. The Monadelphous Group Limited Dividend Reinvestment plan will apply to the dividend.

                        Other than the item noted above, there are no matters or circumstances that have arisen since the end of the half-year
                        ended 31 December 2024 which significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the consolidated
                        entity, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the consolidated entity in subsequent financial years.

                        AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS
                        ACT 2001




For personal use only
                        The auditor’s independence declaration is set out on page 13 and forms part of the Directors’ Report for the half-
                        year ended 31 December 2024.

                        ROUNDING

                        The amounts contained in this report and the half-year financial report have been rounded to the nearest $1,000
                        (where rounding is applicable) under the option available to the Company under ASIC Corporations (Rounding in
                        Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to which the legislative instrument
                        applies.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                        R. Velletri
                        Chair
                        Perth, 17 February 2025




                                                                                   11
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED


                        Revenue including joint ventures is a non-IFRS measure which does not have any standardised meaning
                        prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to revenue presented by other companies. This
                        measure, which is unaudited, is important to management when used as an additional means to evaluate the
                        Company’s performance.

                        Reconciliation of Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers including joint ventures to Statutory
                        Revenue from Contracts with Customers (unaudited)

                                                                                  31 December 2024       31 December 2023
                                                                                             $’000                  $’000

                            Total revenue from contracts with customers
                            including joint ventures                                       1,050,532              1,007,871
                            Share of revenue from joint ventures 1                          (31,697)                 (7,643)
                            Statutory revenue from contracts with customers                1,018,835              1,000,228

                            1
                                Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the revenue from joint ventures accounted for




For personal use only
                                using the equity method.

                        EBITDA is a non-IFRS earnings measure which does not have any standardised meaning prescribed by IFRS
                        and therefore may not be comparable to EBITDA presented by other companies. This measure, which is
                        unaudited, is important to management as an additional way to evaluate the Company’s performance.

                        Reconciliation of profit before income tax to EBITDA (unaudited)
                                                                                     31 December 2024    31 December 2023
                                                                                                $’000               $’000

                        Profit before income tax                                                61,732               44,775
                        Interest expense on loans and hire purchase finance
                         charges                                                                 1,360                 1,175
                        Interest expense on other lease liabilities                                606                   765
                        Interest revenue                                                       (4,992)               (2,984)
                        Depreciation of owned and hire purchase assets                         16,329                13,122
                        Depreciation of right of use assets                                      4,068                 4,367
                        Amortisation of intangibles                                                410                   300
                        Share of interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax
                         of joint ventures 2                                                       263                (229)
                        EBITDA                                                                  79,776               61,291


                        2
                            Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax of joint
                            ventures accounted for using the equity method.




                                                                                12
                                                                     Ernst & Young                        Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                                     11 Mounts Bay Road                   Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                                     Perth WA 6000 Australia              ey.com/au
                                                                     GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843




                        Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of Monadelphous
                        Group Limited
                        As lead auditor for the review of the half-year financial report of Monadelphous Group Limited for the
                        half-year ended 31 December 2024, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have
                        been:

                        a.    No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in




For personal use only
                              relation to the review;

                        b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review; and

                        c.    No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                              relation to the review.

                        This declaration is in respect of Monadelphous Group Limited and the entities it controlled during the
                        financial period.




                        Ernst & Young




                        Pierre Dreyer
                        Partner
                        17 February 2025




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                     Ernst & Young                        Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                                     11 Mounts Bay Road                   Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                                     Perth WA 6000 Australia              ey.com/au
                                                                     GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843




                        Independent auditor’s review report to the members of Monadelphous
                        Group Limited
                        Conclusion
                        We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated half-year financial report of
                        Monadelphous Group Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which
                        comprises the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, the




For personal use only
                        condensed consolidated income statement, condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive
                        income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated
                        statement of cash flows for the half-year ended on that date, explanatory notes and the directors’
                        declaration.

                        Based on our review, which is not an audit, we have not become aware of any matter that makes us
                        believe that the half-year financial report of the Group does not comply with the Corporations Act
                        2001, including:

                        a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December
                              2024 and of its consolidated financial performance for the half-year ended on that date; and

                        b.    Complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations
                              Regulations 2001.

                        Basis for conclusion
                        We conducted our review in accordance with ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by
                        the Independent Auditor of the Entity (ASRE 2410). Our responsibilities are further described in the
                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report section of our report. We are
                        independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                        Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
                        Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the annual financial report in Australia. We
                        have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                        Directors’ responsibilities for the half-year financial report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the half-year financial report that
                        gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations
                        Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
                        preparation of the half-year financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material
                        misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report
                        Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the half-year financial report based on our review.
                        ASRE 2410 requires us to conclude whether we have become aware of any matter that makes us
                        believe that the half-year financial report is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001
                        including giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2024 and its
                        performance for the half-year ended on that date, and complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134
                        Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.




For personal use only
                        A review of a half-year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible
                        for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
                        substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards
                        and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
                        significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
                        opinion.




                        Ernst & Young




                        Pierre Dreyer
                        Partner
                        Perth
                        17 February 2025




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED


                        DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION

                        In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of Monadelphous Group Limited, I state that:

                        In the opinion of the directors:

                        (a) the financial statements and notes of the consolidated entity are in accordance with the Corporations Act
                            2001, including:

                            (i)     giving a true and fair view of the financial position as at 31 December 2024 and the performance
                                    for the half-year ended on that date of the consolidated entity; and

                            (ii)    complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 “Interim Financial Reporting” and the
                                    Corporations Regulations 2001; and

                        (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they




For personal use only
                            become due and payable.

                        On behalf of the Board




                        R. Velletri
                        Chair
                        Perth, 17 February 2025




                                                                             16
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                        FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                    Notes     Half-year ended     Half-year ended
                                                                                            31 December 2024    31 December 2023
                                                                                                        $’000               $’000

                        CONTINUING OPERATIONS

                        REVENUE                                                         3           1,023,827           1,003,212
                        Cost of services rendered                                                   (934,206)           (928,745)

                        GROSS PROFIT                                                                   89,621              74,467

                        Other income                                                    3               5,750               3,071
                        Business development and tender costs                                         (9,585)             (9,191)
                        Occupancy costs                                                               (1,788)             (1,825)
                        Administrative costs                                                         (22,234)            (19,788)




For personal use only
                        Finance costs                                                   3             (1,966)             (1,940)
                        Profit /(loss) from joint ventures                                              1,934                (19)

                        PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD BEFORE TAX                                               61,732              44,775

                        Income tax expense                                                           (19,201)            (14,683)

                        PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD AFTER TAX                                                42,531              30,092

                        ATTRIBUTABLE TO
                        EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                                   42,513              30,080
                        NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                                                          18                  12
                                                                                                       42,531              30,092

                        Earnings per share:
                        •     Basic, profit for the period attributable to ordinary
                              equity holders of the parent (cents per share)                            43.30               31.15
                        •     Diluted, profit for the period attributable to ordinary
                              equity holders of the parent (cents per share)                            42.93               30.67




                                                                             17
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                  Half-year ended     Half-year ended
                                                                                31 December 2024    31 December 2023
                                                                                            $’000               $’000

                        NET PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                          42,531              30,092

                        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit
                        or loss:

                        Foreign currency translation                                        2,623             (1,268)

                        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
                        FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                          2,623             (1,268)




For personal use only
                        TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE
                        PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                                 45,154              28,824


                        ATTRIBUTABLE TO
                        EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                       45,136              28,812
                        NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                                              18                  12

                                                                                           45,154              28,824




                                                                         18
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                       Notes    31 December 2024    30 June 2024
                                                                           $’000           $’000
                        ASSETS
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                         272,489       225,864
                        Trade and other receivables                       290,613       340,126
                        Contract assets                                     8,294         4,336
                        Inventories                                         1,598         1,930
                        Total current assets                              572,994       572,256

                        Non-current assets
                        Contract assets                                    14,073        19,491
                        Property, plant and equipment           5, 3(b)   222,686       232,668
                        Deferred tax assets                                36,312        32,364
                        Intangible assets and goodwill              14     17,833        18,243




For personal use only
                        Investment in joint ventures                       12,900        12,341
                        Total non-current assets                          303,804       315,107

                        TOTAL ASSETS                                      876,798       887,363

                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                          185,310       210,831
                        Interest bearing loans and borrowings               4,444         4,529
                        Lease liabilities                             6    22,449        23,018
                        Income tax payable                                 18,643        18,613
                        Provisions                                         93,065        89,888
                        Total current liabilities                         323,911       346,879

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Interest bearing loans and borrowings               4,187          6,366
                        Lease liabilities                             6    53,386         60,327
                        Provisions                                          8,295          7,536
                        Other financial liability                             535            661
                        Total non-current liabilities                      66,403         74,890

                        TOTAL LIABILITIES                                 390,314       421,769

                        NET ASSETS                                        486,484       465,594

                        EQUITY
                        Issued capital                                7   148,721       145,781
                        Reserves                                           65,795        57,947
                        Retained earnings                                 271,968       261,866
                        TOTAL EQUITY                                      486,484       465,594




                                                                 19
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024


                                                                                        Attributable to equity holders
                                                                                                                      Fair
                                                                                                                     Value
                                                               Share-      Foreign                                 Reserve
                                                                Based     Currency                    Non-              for
                                                    Issued   Payment    Translation    Retained controlling       Financial       Equity
                                                   Capital    Reserve      Reserve     Earnings   Interests          Assets      Reserve     Total
                                                     $’000      $’000        $’000        $’000      $’000           $’000         $’000     $’000

            At 1 July 2024                         145,781     64,630       (4,890)      261,866             -           2,856   (4,649)   465,594
            Profit for the period                        -          -             -       42,513            18               -         -    42,531
            Other comprehensive income                   -          -         2,623            -             -               -         -     2,623
            Total comprehensive income for
            the period                                   -          -          2,623      42,513            18              -          -    45,154




For personal use only
            Transactions with owners in their
            capacity as owners
            Reclassification of non-controlling
            interest to liabilities                     -           -              -            -         (18)              -        18          -
            Remeasurement of financial liability        -           -              -            -            -              -       140        140
            Exercise of employee options              465           -              -            -            -              -         -        465
            Share-based payments                        -       4,582              -            -            -              -         -      4,582
            Adjustment to deferred tax asset
            recognised on employee share trust           -        485             -            -              -              -         -      485
            Dividend reinvestment plan               2,475          -             -            -              -              -         -    2,475
            Dividends paid                               -          -             -      (32,411)             -              -         - (32,411)
            At 31 December 2024                    148,721     69,697       (2,267)      271,968              -          2,856   (4,491) 486,484

                                                                                        Attributable to equity holders
                                                                                                                      Fair
                                                                                                                     Value
                                                               Share-      Foreign                                 Reserve
                                                                Based     Currency                    Non-              for
                                                    Issued   Payment    Translation    Retained controlling       Financial       Equity
                                                   Capital    Reserve      Reserve     Earnings   Interests          Assets      Reserve     Total
                                                     $’000      $’000        $’000        $’000      $’000           $’000         $’000     $’000

            At 1 July 2023                    141,115          55,011       (4,472)      248,178             -           2,856   (4,710)   437,978
            Profit for the period                   -               -             -       30,080            12               -         -     30,092
            Other comprehensive loss                -               -       (1,268)            -             -               -         -    (1,268)
            Total comprehensive income/(loss)
            for the period                          -               -       (1,268)       30,080            12              -          -    28,824

            Transactions with owners in their
            capacity as owners
            Reclassification of non-controlling
            interest to liabilities                     -           -              -            -         (12)              -        12          -
            Remeasurement of financial liability        -           -              -            -            -              -        36         36
            Exercise of employee options              326           -              -            -            -              -         -        326
            Share-based payments                        -       4,182              -            -            -              -         -      4,182
            Adjustment to deferred tax asset
            recognised on employee share trust           -      3,028             -            -              -           -            -    3,028
            Dividend reinvestment plan               1,608          -             -            -              -           -            -    1,608
            Dividends paid                               -          -             -      (24,200)             -           -            - (24,200)
            At 31 December 2023                    143,049     62,221       (5,740)      254,058              -      2,856       (4,662) 451,782




                                                                          20
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        CONDENSED CONSOLDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                        FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                 Notes   Half-year ended                Half-year ended
                                                                       31 December 2024               31 December 2023
                                                                                   $’000                          $’000

                        CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                        Receipts from customers                                          1,181,184            1,178,904
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                            (1,073,908)          (1,022,317)
                        Income tax paid                                                   (22,528)             (13,985)
                        Other income                                                          3,903                  936
                        Interest received                                                     4,992                2,984
                        Dividends received                                                    1,375                2,750
                        Finance costs                                                       (1,966)              (1,940)

                        NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
                        ACTIVITIES                                                         93,052              147,332




For personal use only
                        CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
                        Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment              2,415                3,920
                        Purchase of property, plant and equipment                          (5,708)             (41,086)
                        Acquisition of controlled entities                        14             -              (8,843)

                        NET CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING
                        ACTIVITIES                                                         (3,293)             (46,009)

                        CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                        Dividend paid                                                     (29,936)             (22,592)
                        Proceeds from issue of shares on exercise of options                   465                  326
                        (Repayment)/Proceeds of borrowings                                 (2,350)               22,493
                        Repayment of hire purchase leases                                  (8,304)              (8,226)
                        Repayment of other lease liabilities                               (4,688)              (4,761)

                        NET CASH FLOWS USED IN FINANCING
                        ACTIVITIES                                                        (44,813)             (12,760)

                        NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH
                        EQUIVALENTS                                                        44,946               88,563
                        Opening cash and cash equivalents brought forward                 225,864              178,323
                        Net foreign exchange difference                                     1,679               (3,591)

                        CLOSING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                        CARRIED FORWARD                                                   272,489              263,295




                                                                         21
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        31 DECEMBER 2024

                        1.    CORPORATE INFORMATION

                        The half-year condensed consolidated financial report of Monadelphous Group Limited for the six months
                        ended 31 December 2024 was authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of directors on 17 February
                        2025.

                        Monadelphous Group Limited is a company limited by shares incorporated in Australia whose shares are
                        publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange.

                        The nature of the operations and principal activities of the Group are described in the Directors’ Report.

                        2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES TO THE GROUP’S ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                        (a)   Basis of Preparation




For personal use only
                        The half-year financial report is a general-purpose condensed financial report which has been prepared in
                        accordance with AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Act 2001.

                        The half-year condensed consolidated financial report does not include all information and disclosures required
                        in the annual financial report and should be read in conjunction with the annual financial report of
                        Monadelphous Group Limited as at 30 June 2024 together with any public announcements made during the
                        half year.

                        (b)   New and amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations

                        The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements
                        are consistent with those followed in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2024, except for the adoption of new standards effective as of 1 July 2024. The
                        Group has not early adopted any other standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not
                        yet effective.

                        Other revised Standards and Interpretations which apply from 1 July 2024 did not have a material effect on the
                        financial position or performance of the Group.




                                                                              22
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                      31 December 2024   31 December 2023
                                                                                                 $’000              $’000
                        3.   REVENUE AND EXPENSES
                             (a) Specific Items
                                 Profit before income tax expense includes the
                                 following revenues and expenses whose
                                 disclosure is relevant in explaining the financial
                                 performance of the entity:
                             (i) Revenue
                                 Revenue from contracts with customers
                                 Services revenue                                              645,155            707,978
                                 Construction revenue                                          373,680            292,250
                                                                                             1,018,835          1,000,228




For personal use only
                                 Other revenue
                                 Interest                                                        4,992              2,984
                                                                                             1,023,827          1,003,212

                                 Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with
                                 customers by end customer industry:
                                 Energy                                                        347,084            342,348
                                 Energy transition metals and other minerals                   368,437            342,128
                                 Iron ore                                                      269,356            278,406
                                 Infrastructure                                                 65,655             44,989
                                                                                             1,050,532          1,007,871
                                 Less share of revenue from joint ventures
                                 accounted for using the equity method                        (31,697)             (7,643)
                                                                                             1,018,835          1,000,228
                             (ii) Other income
                                  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment              1,847              2,135
                                  Other income                                                   3,903                936
                                                                                                 5,750              3,071

                             (b) Expenses
                                 Depreciation of owned property, plant and
                                 equipment                                                      11,717              8,315
                                 Depreciation of hire purchase assets                            4,612              4,807
                                 Depreciation of other lease assets                              4,068              4,367
                                                                                                20,397             17,489

                             (c) Finance costs
                                 Loans and finance charges payable                               1,360              1,175
                                 Interest on other lease liabilities                               606                765
                                                                                                 1,966              1,940




                                                                           23
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                              31 December 2024     31 December 2023
                                                                                                         $’000                $’000
                        4.      DIVIDENDS PAID AND PROPOSED

                                (a) Fully franked dividends declared and paid
                                    during the half-year                                                 32,411                24,200

                               (b) Dividends proposed and not yet recognised as a
                                   liability                                                             32,585                24,315

                        5.      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                        During the half-year the consolidated entity acquired assets with a cost of $9,565,122 (2023: $47,656,634),
                        including assets purchased by means of hire purchase contracts of $3,856,675 (2023: $6,570,347). Assets with a
                        written down value of $567,725 (2023: $1,783,889) were disposed of during the period.




For personal use only
                        6.    LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                              31 December 2024          30 June 2024
                                                                                                         $’000                 $’000

                        CURRENT
                        Hire purchase lease liabilities                                                   12,996               14,407
                        Other lease liabilities                                                            9,453                8,611
                                                                                                          22,449               23,018

                        NON-CURRENT
                        Hire purchase lease liabilities                                                   26,098               29,092
                        Other lease liabilities                                                           27,288               31,235
                                                                                                          53,386               60,327

                        7.    ISSUED CAPITAL
                                                                                     Notes   31 December 2024           30 June 2024
                                                                                                        $’000                  $’000
                        Ordinary shares – Issued and fully paid                      7(a)              148,721                145,781

                        (a)   Movement in ordinary shares
                                                                          31 December 2024                 31 December 2023
                                                                         Number of                       Number of
                                                                            Shares         $’000            Shares         $’000
                        Beginning of the period                           97,463,244         145,781     96,341,720          141,115
                        Exercise of employee options                         457,116             465        296,370              326
                        Dividend reinvestment plan                           201,689           2,475        112,711            1,608
                        Conversion of performance rights and
                         retention rights                                    619,691               -
                                                                                                   -
                                                                                                            510,018                -
                        End of the period                                 98,741,740         148,721     97,260,819          143,049




                                                                                24
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        31 DECEMBER 2024

                        8.       OPERATING SEGMENTS

                        Revenue is derived by the consolidated entity from the provision of engineering services to the resources, energy
                        and infrastructure industry sector. For the half-year ended 31 December 2024 the Engineering Construction
                        division contributed revenue of $405.4 million (2023: $303.1 million) and the Maintenance and Industrial Services
                        division contributed revenue of $645.1 million (2023: $708.0 million). Included in the Engineering Construction
                        division revenue is $31.7 million (2023: $10.8 million) of inter-entity revenue and revenue of joint ventures, which
                        is eliminated on consolidation. The operating divisions are exposed to similar risks and rewards from operations,
                        and are only segmented to facilitate appropriate management structures.

                        The directors believe that the aggregation of the operating divisions is appropriate for segment reporting purposes
                        as they:

                             •    have similar economic characteristics;
                             •    perform similar services for the same industry sector;
                             •    have similar operational business processes;




For personal use only
                             •    provide a diversified range of similar engineering services to a large number of common clients;
                             •    utilise a centralised pool of engineering assets and shared services in their service delivery models, and
                                  the services provided to customers allow for the effective migration of employees between divisions; and
                             •    operate predominately in one geographical area, namely Australia.

                        Accordingly, all service divisions have been aggregated to form one reporting segment.

                        9.       CONTINGENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                        Contingent liabilities

                        On 26 July 2023, the Company announced that Northern SEQ Distributor – Retailer Authority, trading as
                        Unitywater (Unitywater), had served a Claim and Statement of Claim in the Supreme Court of Queensland
                        against one of Monadelphous’ wholly owned subsidiaries, Monadelphous Engineering Pty Ltd (ME).

                        On 20 October 2023, Unitywater filed an amendment to that Statement of Claim in the Supreme Court
                        Registry, amending the value of the claim to approximately $200 million. The claims made by Unitywater
                        relate to a contract entered into by Unitywater and ME in 2016 for the design and construction of an upgrade
                        to the Kawana Sewerage Treatment Plant on the Sunshine Coast in Queensland.

                        Monadelphous denies the allegations and claimed losses and will vigorously defend the claims, as well as
                        pursuing available counterclaims.

                        There have been no other changes in contingent liabilities or contingent assets since the date of the last annual
                        report.

                        Guarantees
                                                                                          31 December 2024                 30 June 2024
                                                                                                     $’000                        $’000
                        Guarantees given to various clients for satisfactory
                        contract performance                                                          205,407                    216,966




                                                                               25
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        31 DECEMBER 2024

                        10.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

                        Fair value hierarchy

                        The Group uses various methods in estimating the fair value of a financial instrument.

                        Level 1:     The fair value is calculated using quoted prices in active markets.
                        Level 2:     The fair value is estimated using inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are
                                     observable for the asset or liability, either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
                        Level 3:     The fair value is estimated using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable
                                     market data.

                        For financial instruments that are recognised at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines
                        whether transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based
                        on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each




For personal use only
                        reporting period.

                        The carrying amount and estimated fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities at the balance date
                        are materially the same. There were no material financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value at 31
                        December 2024 or 30 June 2024.


                        11.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                        The Group has capital commitments related to the acquisition of plant and equipment of $13,191,210 at 31
                        December 2024 (2023: $41,198,517).



                        12.   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER BALANCE DATE

                        Dividends declared

                        On 17 February 2025, Monadelphous Group Limited declared an interim dividend on ordinary shares in respect
                        of the 2025 financial year. The total amount of the dividend is $32,584,774 which represents a fully franked
                        interim dividend of 33 cents per share. This dividend has not been provided for in the 31 December 2024
                        Financial Statements. The Monadelphous Group Limited Dividend Reinvestment plan will apply to the
                        dividend.

                        Other than the item noted above, there are no matters or circumstances that have arisen since the end of the
                        half-year ended 31 December 2024 which significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of
                        the consolidated entity, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the consolidated entity in
                        subsequent financial years.




                                                                                26
                        MONADELPHOUS GROUP LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        31 DECEMBER 2024

                        13.   SHARE BASED PAYMENT

                        Performance and Retention Rights

                        During the period, 499,825 performance rights were granted by Monadelphous Group Limited under the
                        Company’s Combined Reward Plan. These performance rights vest into shares in equal instalments, one, two
                        and three years subsequent to award, subject to the employee remaining in the employ of the company at those
                        particular dates. The fair value of each performance right issued during the period was estimated on the date
                        of grant using a discounted cash flow calculation. The weighted average fair value of performance rights
                        granted in the period was $11.82.

                        A further 326,803 performance rights were issued under the Company’s Long-Term Senior Leadership
                        Performance Reward Plan (‘LTPR Plan’). This includes 34,440 performance rights offered to the Company’s
                        Managing Director in December 2023 that were approved by shareholders at the Company’s 2024 Annual
                        General Meeting. The fair value of each performance right issued during the period was estimated on the date
                        of grant using a discounted cash flow calculation. The weighted average fair value of performance rights




For personal use only
                        granted in the period was $10.71.

                        For the half-year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has recognised $4,552,110 of share-based payment
                        expense in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statement (2023: $3,649,923) relating to performance rights
                        under the Combined Reward and LTPR Plans and retention rights issued under the Employee Retention Plan.

                        Options

                        For the half-year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has recognised $29,750 of share-based payment expense
                        in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statement (2023: $531,758) relating to options issued under the
                        Employee Option Plan.


                        14.   BUSINESS COMBINATION

                        Information on prior year acquisition – Melchor Contracting Pty Ltd

                        On 31 October 2023, Monadelphous Group Limited acquired 100% of the share capital of a Perth-based
                        structural concrete and associated works business, Melchor Contracting Pty Ltd. The acquisition accounting
                        was finalised during the period, and there were no changes to the fair values of the identifiable assets and
                        liabilities.




                                                                             27
